===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Kellanova's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellanova. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our second quarter results as well as an update on our outlook for 2024. I am joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amit Banati, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Slide number 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellanova's future performance are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of www.kellanova.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. Also, remember that our 2023 results have been recast to treat the spun off W.K. Kellogg Co. as a discontinued operation in accordance with applicable accounting guidelines. Those recast statements can be found in our Q4 2023 earnings press release from February 8 of this year. And now I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We're once again pleased to report strong quarterly results that are clear evidence of our more growth-oriented and more profitable portfolio following last fall's spin-off. Our year-on-year organic growth in net sales was again on algorithm and volume trends improved sequentially again outside of Nigeria. Our year-on-year currency neutral operating profit growth was also on algorithm, and we continue to improve our profit margins. And we've returned to full commercial activity with our stepped-up innovation reaching shelves in the second quarter. Delighting consumers is never more important than it is right now, and we now have our full plan in the marketplace, which should help us continue to improve our end-market performance in the second half. On Slide number 6, we remind you of our strategy, differentiate, drive and deliver, which we continue to execute, helping us to deliver our near-term commitments, but also to build for a strong future and drive shareowner value. On Slide number 7, we remind you of our global footprint, diversification and exposure to faster-growing markets is a true point of differentiation for Kellanova. This differentiated footprint, along with our return to full commercial activity around the world, contributed to our continued sequential improvement in volume in most of our regions. The chart on Slide number 8 excludes our joint ventures in Africa where currency-driven price increases in Nigeria have resulted in recent elasticities as we expected. We see that our businesses outside those JVs posted a fourth consecutive quarter of sequential improvement in volume. And we drove the sequential improvement across our regions. Europe and the rest of EMEA both recorded moderating volume declines and North America and Latin America both returned to outright volume growth. Another key driver is shown on Slide number 9, innovation. As discussed previously, we are returning to a full innovation launch calendar after the pandemic era supply disruptions. As you can see on the slide, we have a plethora of innovations launching across every one regions this year, ranging from limited additions to new flavors to amplified wellness credentials, to entirely new food platforms. I'll just highlight a few notables. In the second half, we will be launching Pringles Mingles in North America, our first out-of-the-can launch in the United States in over 15 years. In late Q3, we will be introducing Cheez-It to Europe with a big launch in the UK supported by a full arsenal of sampling, social media and public relations and advertising. We've innovated in away-from-home channels as well, sometimes leveraging these channels to drive consumer awareness. A good example is our partnering with Taco Bell to launch a bit Cheez-It Crunchwrap Supreme and a big Cheez-It Tostada. So we feel very good about the quality of our innovations and the buzz, trial and incremental purchases they will generate. Indeed, this heavy innovation calendar should bring us back to normal levels of net sales contribution from innovation, Slide number 10 measures year one incremental sales from innovation launches expressed as a percent of our total net sales. Notice how the incremental net sales we expect to generate from this year's innovation launches are much higher than the last couple of years when we have been contending with global supply disruptions. Getting back to delighting consumers through innovation is a key component of what we refer to as getting back to full commercial activity. Another good sign is shown on slide number 11. In our return to full commercial activity, we obviously prioritized our biggest brand, Pringles. The chart shows how this investment and activity is improving our net sales growth and in-market performance for this highly differentiated brand. All of it led to another quarter of differentiated results, starting with organic net sales growth. Slide number 12 shows how we continue to well outpace the median growth of our peer group, including our more directly comparable snacking and international peers. This is precisely the greater growth orientation I mentioned earlier about our strategy and portfolio. Now, let's talk about how we are a more profitable company than we were previously. Slide number 13 shows how our year-to-date gross profit margin and operating profit margin this year as Kellanova are meaningfully higher than the same periods pre-pandemic and pre-spin-off. And our improvement in margins continued the second quarter as Amit will discuss in a moment, even with a substantial increase in brand investment. Improving our margins is an important part of our strategy as they fuel our ability to invest in our brands and withstand unexpected shocks. And clearly, we are ahead of pace toward our 2026 target of a 15% operating profit margin. Because of how our business is performing, both from a top line and bottom line perspective, we are now raising our full year guidance. Our first half results came in better than expected, and we remain on track for our second half outlook. We feel good about our commercial activity now fully in the marketplace and that emerging markets will sustain their underlying momentum. Finally, we continue to progress on another element of our strategy, and that is our better day promise program. Slide number 15 provides just a few examples of this program in action during the second quarter. So, let me now turn it over to Amit, who will walk you through our financial results and outlook before I come back and discuss each of our businesses in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thank you, Steve and hello everyone. Slide number 17 summarizes our key financial results for quarter two and the first half. As Steve said, we delivered another quarter of on algorithm results and another quarter of results that exceeded our expectations across all of these key metrics. Our organic growth in net sales in quarter two came in at 4%, remaining within our long-term target range. On a currency-neutral basis, our adjusted operating profit grew by 16% year-on-year, driven by the organic net sales growth and continued improvement in margins in spite of a double-digit increase in brand building. Our below-the-line items continue to be a modest year-on-year headwind, though less than anticipated, resulting in growth in earnings per share of 14% on a currency-neutral basis. Meanwhile, free cash flow also continued to increase year-on-year. Slide number 18 shows the major components of our year-on-year net sales growth in quarter two and the first half. Price/mix growth continued to drive organic net sales growth even as it moderated as expected outside of Nigeria, where we executed price increases in quarter one. Volume declined on elasticity impacts around the world, but especially in Nigeria. As Steve mentioned, that market accounted for virtually all of our volume decline in quarter two. So, the rest of our portfolio is clearly delivering on planned sequential improvement and even turn to growth in two of our regions. Moving along the graph, the small impact from last year's divestiture of our Russia business is now behind us as the transaction anniversaries at the start of quarter three. Foreign currency translation clipped net sales growth by about 8 percentage points in quarter two, principally reflecting the Nigerian Naira. Now, let's discuss profitability, starting with our gross profit on Slide number 19. The adjusted basis gross profit continued to increase year-on-year during quarter two, up 9%, excluding currency and up 5% with currency. This sustains a strong trend, as you can see on the slide. Meanwhile, we also continue to improve our gross profit margin with quarter two's margin up close to 340 basis points year-on-year. As we've discussed previously, the discontinued operations accounting used to recast 2022 and the first three quarters of 2023 takes into account only the expenses associated with our transition services agreement and not the pass-through of those expenses to W.K. Kellogg Company. Year-on-year, this comparison item again contributed about 100 basis points of our margin expansion during quarter two. And as we've also discussed previously, currency devaluations affected our country mix, contributing a year-on-year margin benefit in quarter two of approximately 150 basis points, a little less than quarter one and something that should moderate more meaningfully in the second half as we lap last year's largest devaluation of the Naira. Leaving out these two transitory items, our gross margin was still up by around 1 percentage point year-on-year, a recovery that continues to be aided by a resumed higher level of productivity and moderating input cost inflation. The fact that this gross margin restoration has continued to run ahead of pace gives us additional confidence in our full year outlook of more than 35%. We're experiencing growth and margin expansion at the operating profit line to, as shown on slide number 20. Operating profit in quarter two grew 16%, excluding currency and 13% with currency, sustaining a trend of year-on-year growth. Even if you exclude the impact of the year ago absence of transition services expense pass-through, our operating profit grew by more than 6% on this currency-neutral basis, remaining on our algorithm. This underlying growth was driven by an improving gross profit margin and good discipline on overhead, all of which more than offset the impact of a double-digit increase in brand building investment. Even with increased investment, we are improving our profitability and marching solidly towards our guidance for an operating profit margin of over 14% in 2024 and a target of 15% by 2026. Moving down the P&L, we come to our earnings per share walk on slide number 21. As you can see, all of our EPS growth quarter two was attributable to our growth in operating profit, just as it was in quarter one. Looking at our below-the-line items, we can see that they, again, largely offset each other. Interest expense again increased meaningfully year-on-year, reflecting higher interest rates. This was partially offset by an increase in other income, principally reflecting interest income and investment gains. Our effective tax rate remained in the mid-22% range. Joint venture earnings and minority interests were relatively immaterial year-on-year. Our average shares outstanding were flat. The result of these items was an increase in adjusted basis EPS of 12% in quarter two and 14% on a currency-neutral basis. Let's now turn to slide number 22, which shows our free cash flow and net debt position through quarter two. We remain ahead of last year on free cash flow through the first half though as we mentioned previously, some of this is related to the timing of a planned distribution from a post-retirement fund, which is expected to be offset later in the year. Even aside from that, though, our cash flow generation remains. Meantime, we have continued to trim our net debt even as we return sizable cash to share owners, mostly through our dividend. And our debt leverage remains well below our targeted ratio of net debt to trailing EBITDA of three times giving us excellent financial flexibility. Now let's discuss our increased guidance for the full year 2024, as shown on slide number 23. With half the year behind us, it is time to narrow the ranges we first gave at our Day at K Investor event 12 months ago. And because of the strength of our first half performance, we are in a position to raise this guidance. For net sales, we now expect organic growth of about 3.5%, an increase from our previous guidance that reflects our better than expected first half performance. We are prudently keeping our second half assumptions largely unchanged. Organic growth, of course, excludes currency translation, which based on exchange rates we saw during quarter two, would be a headwind of about 7% for the full year. For adjusted basis operating profit, we are raising and narrowing the range to $1.875 billion to $1.9 billion, again, primarily reflecting our first half delivery. We continue to expect margin expansion for the year, reaching above 35% for gross margin and about 14% for operating margin, though the year-on-year impacts moderate in second half, mainly because of what we are lapping then. We don't provide guidance on currency translation, but to give you an idea, if the exchange rate experienced during quarter two hold for the year, it would be about a negative 3% headwind to our operating profit. Guidance for adjusted basis earnings per share increases to a range of $3.65 and to $3.75, which incorporates the higher operating profit and other income that we experienced in the first half. Specifically, other income should retain its first upside before settling back to a run rate of $15 million to $20 million per quarter in the second half. Our effective tax rate is now expected to be in the mid-22% range, only slightly better than we previously communicated. These factors are partially offset by interest expense now expected to be higher given quarter two's run rate and joint venture earnings and minority interest collectively should run a little bit more negative in the second half than the first and we are raising our outlook for free cash flow to just above $1 billion with year-on-year growth driven by operating profit and despite capital expenditure temporarily elevated as a percentage of sales for expanded Pringles capacity in emerging markets as well as usual cash outlays related to our two network optimization projects. So we remain in a very good financial position. Our quarter one and quarter two results came in better than expected, enabling us to raise our guidance for the full year, and we are confident in the second half. We have solid commercial plans that already are improving our volume performance around the world, and this is starting to show up more plainly in our in-market data as well. Our profit margins continue to improve, progressing faster than planned, enabling us to reinvest in our brands and our balance sheet and cash flow remain in strong shape. And with that, let me now turn it back to Steve for a run-through of our businesses around the world.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. Let's start with Kellanova North America on Slide number 26. Our organic net sales were plus 1% in North America in the second quarter, lapping last year's revenue growth management actions and last year's relative lack of merchandising activity, our price/mix was down slightly, continuing and as expected, moderation that began over a year ago. Our performance on volume meanwhile, improved sequentially for a fourth consecutive quarter and turned positive in the second quarter. Industry-wide elasticities continued to be a growth headwind across our retail categories but our return to full commercial activity, including our launches of innovation reaching shelves during the second quarter led to volume growth in both consumption and shipments in our US retail business. This was augmented by strong growth outside of these measured US channels in our US away from home business and our business in Canada. North America's operating profit increased substantially year-on-year as margins continue to improve. Even excluding the impact of year-earlier recast figures not incorporating the pass-through of transition service expenses, North America's operating profit grew at a double-digit pace, aided by productivity and absorbing increased investment behind our brands. Slide number 27 shows North America split between snacks and frozen foods. During the second quarter, our snacks business increased both in volume and price mix year-on-year generating organic net sales growth of more than 1% even as it faced a relatively strong prior year quarter. In our much smaller frozen foods business, net sales were off slightly in the second quarter as we faced our toughest quarterly comparison of the year, but we did increase volume led by Eggo. Slide number 28 shows our volume recovery playing out in measured channels. We expect to sustain this improvement in consumption volume and share performance through the second half. So North America is delivering strong financial results while getting back to full commercial activity that is taking hold in the form of improving volume performance, both in shipments and consumption. And as we think about the year, as shown on Slide number 29, we remain right on track. We have increased brand building and merchandising and our stepped-up innovation is now in the marketplace. And we expect these investments to continue to improve our end market performance in the second half. Meanwhile, our margins continue to recover ahead of pace. This is a more focused team and portfolio since the spin-off and we expect continued delivery in the second half. Now let's turn to Kellanova Europe and Slide number 30. Our organic basis net sales in Europe declined a little less than 1% in the second quarter against our toughest quarterly comparison of the year. Our volume declines moderated led by growth in snacks in the U.K. Currency neutral adjusted basis operating profit grew by close to 7% year-on-year despite last year's midyear divestiture of Russia. Profit margins continue to recover with a strong rebound in profit funding a significant boost in brand building investment. On Slide #31, you can see our two major category groups in Europe. Snacks, which represent over half of our sales in Kellanova Europe grew organically by 1% year-on-year despite lapping last year's strongest double-digit growth. Pringles continues to perform well with strong consumption growth across key markets with particularly strong share gains in the U.K. and Spain and continued expansion Poland and Romania. And in portable wholesome snacks, we gained share in our biggest market, which is the U.K. In cereal, net sales declined by less than 3% in the quarter on category elasticities. Slide number 32 reminds you of what we've been planning for in Europe 2024. Despite the slight quarter two decline against tough comps, we remain on track to deliver a seventh straight year of organic net sales growth in Europe. Pringles continues to demonstrate momentum supported by innovation and exciting promotional partnerships. And we are ready and excited for our late quarter three launch of Cheez-It in the U.K., which will expand our snacking portfolio in Europe. In cereal, innovations like Tresor Browne are now in market and promotions like our Kellogg sponsored football camps are underway in the U.K. So we're confident that we can manage through category-wide elasticity headwinds. Meanwhile, we are making progress on our plans for optimizing our cereal portfolio and manufacturing network. Now let's look at our emerging markets regions, starting with Latin America and Slide number 33. Latin America's net sales increased by 4% organically in the second quarter sustaining a mid-single-digit growth rate on top of big growth in the year earlier quarter. Price/mix growth is moderating as expected we lap prior year actions to offset high cost inflation. Importantly, volume returned to growth in the quarter with gains in both snacks and cereal and led by Mexico. Operating profit increased in the second quarter on top of strong year-ago growth. Slide number 34 shows our Latin American net sales growth by category group. Organic net sales for our Snacks business in Latin America grew 4% year-on-year with growth in both volume and price/mix. Salty snacks categories remain in growth across key markets in the region despite elasticities and Pringles has continued to outpace the category in our two largest markets, Mexico and Brazil. Our cereal net sales also increased by 4% in the quarter, sustaining volume growth. Cereal categories in the region remain in growth despite elasticities, and we have outpaced the category this year in key markets, Mexico and Brazil. Slide number 35 reminds you of what to watch for in our Latin America business this year. Here, too, we expect a seventh straight year of organic net sales growth and we expect the growth to come from both snacks and cereal. Margins should improve, reflecting price pack architecture efforts as well as operating efficiencies and the potential for moderating input cost pressures later in the year. So, through the first half, Latin America is right on track. And we'll finish with our EMEA region, starting with Slide number 36. Once again, currency influence price increases in Nigeria drove substantially all of the regions 16% organic net sales growth in the quarter. Our business there continues to execute well pricing again earlier this year to keep up with currency rates and during the second quarter, its volume declines were not as severe as expected. This may have positive implications for our second half forecast, but we are taking a prudent approach. Nevertheless, these short-term challenges are dramatically outweighed by the long-term growth opportunity that this growing market and our advantaged assets provide us. Outside of Nigeria and our joint ventures with Tolaram, our organic net sales increased at a mid-single-digit rate in the second quarter. Volume declined only slightly year-on-year despite category elasticities and the negative demand impact of tensions in the Middle East. On a currency-neutral basis, EMEA's operating profit grew by 9%, with growth in both Nigeria and in the rest of EMEA and margins continuing to improve even with a substantial increase in brand-building investment. On Slide number 37, we see how our net sales growth split by major category groups. Noodles and others 26% organic growth reflects the currency-driven pricing in Nigeria, which was only partially offset by elasticity-driven double-digit declines in volume. Meanwhile, we continue to drive strong growth for Kellogg's noodles in South Africa and Egypt, gaining distribution and share in those markets and successfully launching this quarter into Saudi Arabia. In Snacks, we grew net sales organically by about 13% year-on-year with broad-based growth across the region led by Pringles. In cereal, our organic net sales grew 4%, and this too was broad-based across the region in spite of category elasticities. For EMEA, in 2024, we continue to watch for the elements listed on slide number 38. We expect this region record yet another year of good organic net sales growth and we expect growth both within Nigeria and in the rest of the region. Noodles remains a growth business for us in Africa. Pringles will sustain its momentum, supported by innovation, pack formats and distribution, and we expect to sustain growth in cereal, led by emerging markets. Meanwhile, EMEA's improvement of profit margins should continue. So let me summarize with slide number 40. With each passing quarter, including the second quarter, it should be increasingly clear that Kellanova today has a strategy and portfolio that is more focused, more growth oriented and more profitable than ever before. We're delivering on algorithm performance amidst a challenging industry environment. We have strengthened commercial plans for 2024, and they are already starting to yield gradual improvements in volume. We are committed to improving our profit margins and this improvement remains ahead of pace. We are raising our guidance, thanks to a strong first half and enviable position to be in, especially in the current industry environment. And yet, we refused to sit still. We continue to create the future, be it in adding growth capacity in Pringles and emerging markets, expanding Cheez-It into Europe, expanding noodles in Africa are continuing to increase investment behind the portfolio with some of the most differentiated brands in the world. This commitment driving shareholder value is shared by all of our Kellanova team members who deserve our thanks for all that they do. And now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson: Super. Thanks so much. Good morning. So Steve, I guess, clearly, we could see improvement in North America volumes, which is great. Part of that looks to be from some proactive price investment. So I'm just curious, I think you said as you think through the back half, you do expect back half sustained volume improvement and then you have a great innovation slate. So really kind of the simple question is just, as you go for the sustained volume improvement in the back half of North America, would you say most of that is coming from you things like incremental distribution innovation? Or have you just been very proactive in the right way, kind of focused on certain price points that have been driving that volume improvement relative to the industry? Thanks.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Rob. What I'd tell you is we've talked about getting back to full commercial activation. And that's really the story in North America. It's really led by Pringles, which returned first and has terrific momentum. It includes increased distribution with new shelf resets in the second quarter as you mentioned. It includes a full commercial innovation activation. We're back to levels that we haven't seen since pre-pandemic. And it's really that, Rob. It's a full commercial activation, gaining momentum. We returned to volume growth in the second quarter in North America. That will continue into the third and fourth quarter actually improve as activation around Cheez-It and some of our other brands starts to catch up to what we've done with Pringles, and in terms of pricing, we had to take, as you well know, a lot of price in the last two years. And so we're returning to the type of price promotion activity more or less that we saw pre-pandemic in a very rational environment. So bright spot for us is the second half of the year and the volume that we've seen in North America.
Rob Dickerson: Got it. Super.
Operator: We now turn to Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask about Europe, the volume under pressure as pricing is decelerating, but you also have some innovation coming. I think you highlighted Cheez-It. So just how would you characterize your go-forward in Europe, I know looking for another year of growth, but maybe how do you view exit rate and the complexion of trends in the market as you think about balancing pricing and volume going forward?
Steve Cahillane: Yeah, Chris, I'd start with, Europe is a tough environment, always has been. It's tough this year. But in the second quarter, we faced our toughest comps, particularly with Pringles. And you heard us say in the prepared remarks that we have a lot of confidence, we're going to continue to grow in Europe, and that's going to be in the back half of the year. So we've got great back half plans. Our football sponsorship has really started late in this quarter, so that will continue into this quarter. So lots of confidence in Europe, lots of confidence in Europe continuing to grow. You saw that snacks did grow in the in the second quarter that will accelerate third and fourth quarter based on the activations. And we are very excited about the Cheez-It launch in the fourth quarter. And when I say very excited, it's just a great program that they put together in the UK. The customers are excited about it. The consumer testing of product is outstanding. And so we see big things for Cheez-It in the next couple of years. It's going to be a real growth driver for us, so bullish on Europe despite a challenging environment. I know that makes us a little different than some others, but our team has delivered now seven years of growth in Europe, and so that will continue this year.
Chris Carey: Thank you. And if I could, just as a follow-up on the pricing comment in North America. It's great to see the volumes. In fact, you did make a comment, I think, in the prepared remarks about a year ago, timing impacts with promotion or price activity, but would you expect pricing to stay negative as you -- certainly as you're clearly seeing this positive constructive uplift in volume as you go forward? Thanks so much.
Steve Cahillane: We see pricing remaining very rational in the environment. Remember, we're lapping a real dearth of activity last year. So that's what you see when you see our year-over-year comparisons. We've talked about it quite a lot. We pulled back on commercial activation because of the bottleneck shortages. We were perhaps a little late compared to others in returning, but we've returned, but it's all very, very rational, prudent, and we see good volume growth and a good balance between price mix volume in the back half of the year for North America.
Chris Carey: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Steve Cahillane: Good morning.
Peter Galbo: Steve, maybe in our just continued tour of the world here, having gone through North America and Europe. Latin America, I think you kind of had more of a standout quarter relative to what some of the peers have said particularly around maybe some delay in stimulus payments in Mexico and then also some weakness in Brazil. So maybe you can just talk a bit about more specifically the Kellanova quarter in Mexico and Brazil and then relative to kind of the macro that you're seeing there on the ground?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So it was a good quarter in Latin America. Cereal and Snacks, all growing. Mexico having a terrific quarter, kind of record shares in the cereal business in Mexico and Pringles continuing to do extremely well, despite being somewhat capacity constrained because we're sourcing out of Jackson, Tennessee. Next year, we'll be sourcing out of Mexico, so really bullish on Pringles future opportunities in Mexico because of local sourcing. Brazil, you have to remember, Brazil was really impacted by some pretty devastating floods, but the underlying business in Brazil remains strong, really driven also by Pringles. Pringles' Momentum in Brazil is very, very good. So the Brazilian business is strong, but impacted by pretty devastating floods that obviously we all saw on news.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, Thank you. I was wondering if you could talk about North America price sensitivity in terms of like pack sizes and the price points. One of your competitors said that when points get above a certain level, like above $4, it's led to consumers actually exiting the category, and they've made some pretty substantial changes to adjust to that. Would you agree with that? Or is it just not really affecting your portfolio? Thanks.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Rob, I would agree with that, but I would also say that that we've been talking about for years. But right now, it's more extreme because the consumer is under so much pressure. So we've always talked about entry price points. We've always talked about price package architecture going back a number of years. We've been investing in the capability to have more pack sizes hit different price points. But I think what you're hearing in this environment is perhaps more than in a very long period of time, the absolute dollars are under more pressure. So the basket that people can fill is affected, obviously, by the absolute dollars in their pocket. And the consumer is so strained, it is -- it's become heightened in terms of making sure that you hit those right price points, particularly with consumers under $100,000 in household income with kids, that's where we're seeing the price sensitivity. And it also -- it varies by where you are in the monthly cycle as well. So we look at all of that -- it is important, more important in this environment than perhaps a more normal environment.
Robert Moskow: And can I ask a follow-up? How meaningful is your Pringles launch, that's the mix Pringles launch in the back half? And what was the insight that made you think that coming -- introducing something out of the can is going to compete well in that very competitive marketplace.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So I wouldn't look at Pringles Mingles being a meaningful difference maker in terms of our NSV forecast for the balance of the year. So we're only starting to hit it really were activated more in first quarter of next year. The insight is that people love the brand. We haven't stretched that brand outside the can. So that's a meaningful in -- the product is excluded. It is in the shape of a bow tie, Mr. Pringles bow tie. So it plays more on the Mr. P iconic V than it does the can. We believe product tests extremely well and Pringles stands for snacking in so many ways. So we're giving a launch outside the can, and we'll see how it goes.
Robert Moskow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We now turn to David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. I wanted just to ask a couple of questions on North America Snacks. You said in your comments, Steve, that there was consumption growth in the quarter, in 2Q. Was that -- we see consumption being down a bit? I assume maybe there was some growth in Canada or beyond the measured channels that we can't see. Maybe you can comment on that. But more importantly, I'm just wondering in the data that we are going to be tracking, are you expecting a return to at least that low single-digit growth that you're expecting in the beginning of the year for the second half in just the consumption, middle plus type stuff that has pretty good coverage. Would you expect that? And would the improvement -- if so, would the improvement be in the areas you were targeting earlier in the year around some of the merchandising and innovation on Cheez-It Rice Krispies Treats. Thank you.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, David, thanks for the question. The -- what you're seeing in the measured channels, and you hit on it. What you're not seeing is very good growth in Canada and very good growth in our away-from-home channels. So the non-measured channels performed at a rate that led to consumption growth overall in North America. Pringles also, you see doing extremely well, lots and lots of momentum on Pringles. You see that in the measured channels, but it's also the same in the non-measured channel. So all those things together are what's leading to consumption growth. Going forward to your question, we would expect to see improvement in the measured channels as I mentioned, you've seen it in Pringles, which was kind of first out of the gate with our investments and with return to full commercial activation. You'll see that with the other big brands. You'll see that with Cheez-It in the back half of the year as well Rice Krispies Treats, Pop-Tarts and Eggo. So we would expect the measured channels start to catch up some of the non-measured channels as we get into the second half of the year and exit the year.
David Palmer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Steve Cahillane: Good morning, Micheal.
Michael Lavery: Yes. Thanks. Just wanted to on Nigeria. Just wanted to touch on Nigeria. And obviously, with the pricing, you've got big lift, but of course, the currency and volumes are a big offset. I know you called out the volume momentum executing that, but what are you seeing there maybe sequentially, when could that improve? Have you seen any kind of digestion of the pricing that the consumers are adjusting and maybe the last are starting to mitigate? Just trying to understand, obviously, that's part of your emerging market footprint, you called out as growth drivers that ordinarily wouldn't be kind of a of a point stress. When can that turn and really be proper volume growth driver again?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question. The color on JV collectively recorded a volume decline in the high teens against the price mix gain of more than 40% year-on-year. So that's obviously hugely substantive. And we've been talking about the elasticities and the fact that elasticities would have to start to show up, and we're seeing that. We also talked about it being in our forecast for the back half of the year. We're being very prudent about that. We actually think there might be some upside to that as we -- as the price lands has landed in Africa. But we'll just have to wait and see. The team is executing very well on the ground, but the consumer in Nigeria is under a tremendous amount of strain, you can see that in the headlines. It's in our forecast and perhaps there may be some upside. I don't know, Amit, do you want to add anything?
Amit Banati: No, I think the only thing I'd add is that elasticities came in better than expected. So while the volume declines were in the teens, it was definitely better than what we had expected in the quarter. I think we need to continue to take some more pricing in some of our other categories. And so I think we've assumed that elasticity would be there in the second half. And we'll see -- we're encouraged by what we saw in the second quarter, but we are being prudent about the rest of the year.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: We now turn to Thomas Palmer with Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Thomas Palmer: Good morning, and thanks for the question. You indicated that the guidance increase reflects mainly the first step upside and second half expectations were a little changed. I wanted to ask on the operating profit, I mean, maybe your expectations were different than consensus estimates, but I think the upside was quite a bit more than consensus estimates had. And just trying to understand if there's any incremental call-outs as we think about the second half of year in terms of pressure on that line that maybe right, would kind of limit that upside to guidance in terms of how you brand it?
Amit Banati: So not really. I mean, I think if you kind of look at, and we've talked this previously as well, right, the gross margin progression will moderate in the second half as some of the things that we lapped start moderating. We obviously had the TSA pass through last year in quarter four. So that's -- so we'll be lapping that I think the bottlenecks and shortages, which was a big driver of improved gross margin, particularly in quarter one, I think that's firmly behind us. We saw a little bit of that in quarter two, but it was largely in quarter one. So you won't have that in the second half. And then the country mix impact driven by the naira in Nigeria will also -- you'll start lapping that. If you recall, last year, the biggest devaluation in the Naira was kind of around this time, so in quarter three. So you're going to start lapping that. So we continue to -- we're very pleased with the progress that we're making on the margins. It's coming in better than expected. But we continue to see progression, but not as much as we saw in the first half because of some of the items that we are lapping. So I'd say that's probably the biggest driver of brand building, we saw a good double-digit increase in the first half. That's going to moderate in the second half because if you recall last year, in the second half, we had ramped up brand building. So the absolute pressure continues to be very good. But when you look at it versus the ramp up in the second half, the growth moderates. So I think those are some of the puts and takes in terms of the second half operating profit.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thank you. And then on inflation, I think you previously noted, you thought it would be pretty neutral for the year. Is this still the expectation? And then is there anything to consider in terms of the cadence over the course of 2024 in terms of that rate? Thanks.
Amit Banati: No real change. I think that continues to be our outlook to be neutral to slightly inflationary. I think costs are coming in pretty much as we had expected. Obviously, in Nigeria, we are seeing inflation come through probably at a higher rate. But other than that, costs are coming in pretty much in line with expectations.
Steve Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. I wanted to ask about gross margins. The increases for you are impressive, obviously. And it's a trend we're seeing across the food group in general. But at the same time, we're also increasingly hearing from domestic food retailers, your customers that they're increasingly aware, I guess, of their vendors' gross margin -- gross margin growth, if I can say that, as volumes remain constrained. So I guess the question is understanding that much of the industries margin increases coming from efficiency efforts that should be sticky? How do you think about that balance between inherently wanting to try and drive margins higher and being cognizant of what your customers are saying lately, if that makes sense.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Ken. Obviously, we all want to focus on gross margins because it’s what drives the health of the business. And we're doing it through productivity. We're doing it by getting back to where we were in some ways because of the bottlenecks and the shortages, and we're increasing our brand building investment quite substantially, which really helps put together winning retail programs. So what we need to do is grow faster than the retailers' same-store sales through great activation, great commercial activation have the right price point for the consumers, so we meet them where they are. And then you get into a much more constructive dialogue with customers versus who's taking what share of the pie. And so yeah, we are growing our gross margins, but against a backdrop of where we were, and we are increasing our brand-building investments, which helps our customers drive volume through their outlets. So that's how -- that's basically how we would look at that.
Ken Goldman: It makes sense. Thank you, Steve.
Operator: We now turn to Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. Can I just ask about the innovation graph that you put up? Obviously, you're back up to levels that are slightly above where you were in 2021. Are you actually able to give us a number on percentage of sales coming from new products this year? And perhaps more importantly, are you back up to where you would expect to be long-term? Or is there another step-up that we might expect over the next year or two. And just as a super quick follow-up, should we expect guidance for 2025 when you report next quarter?
Steve Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks, Alexia. So let's work backwards. We always release guidance at our February earnings, and that's what we'll do again this time. In terms of innovation, we don't really release numbers against that, but we are back to where we were pre-pandemic, as you saw on the slide. And that's actually going to get better because that obviously includes a Cheez-It launch, it includes the Pringles Mingles launch, and there's a whole host of innovations really by category, by brand group. So it's meaningfully different than it was in the last couple of years back to where we were in 2019 and 2018. 2019 was the Snap launch, which was a good year for us, and we're beating that. So we feel very good about innovating, and we've got a great calendar for next year as well when we get to February, we'll talk about not only guidance for the year, but would give some outlook as to exactly the innovations that will be launched in 2025.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Hey, good morning. Hey, Steve, I wanted to follow up on -- I think it was Chris Carey's question and your response. I think you talked about expecting a good balance of volume, price and mix in the back half in North America. And I guess, the question is, is that to say that you expect each of those components to be positive in the back half.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. No, we don't really get into breaking that down in terms of a forecast. But I think we're returning to the type of balance that we seek. And the most important really is getting back to volume because it's a little bit aberrant when you look at it because of what we're lapping. We're lapping these enormous prices and these declines in volume. So now we're looking at better volume and less price. And so when you look at what you're lapping, it's just kind of strange. So we're getting back to volume growth, which I think is going to drive NSV growth, then you can kind of back into what that might look like.
Amit Banati: I think the only thing I add is that…
Steve Cahillane: Go ahead, Amit.
Amit Banati: The only thing I’d add Steve, when you look at our second half is that if you exclude Nigeria, where we've talked, right, that we expect -- we continue to expect volume declines because of the elasticity and because of the pricing that we're taking. If you exclude that, we pretty much expect volume growth in most of our -- in all of our other regions other than Nigeria. So I think you should expect that trend to continue for us in the second half.
Steve Powers: Okay. That all makes sense. I guess the follow-up, though, is that you've had good returns on this sort of return to activation and promotional investment that you've made so far. But as I'm sure you're aware, a lot of your direct, indirect competitors, some of them reported today, some of some of them for earliest week reported earlier in the month, all have talked about kind of incremental step-ups in investment as we go through the back half. So you've talked about the environment as rational. Do you view those comments as rational and amidst the competitive set arguably leaning in a bit more the back half, do you expect the same kind of return on your run rate investments.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. No, I would just reiterate, we do see it as rational. We see things returning to where they were pre-pandemic, not anything more than that. The things that are going to drive these categories are innovation, brand building, quality display merchandising, all those types of things. We've all been impacted by extraordinary input cost inflation. So we've had to take a lot of price. The consumers obviously reacted to that. But a lot of that price discovery has happened. Consumers are getting more used to these prices. It doesn't mean they're not still under pressure and that we have to make sure to some of the earlier conversations, we're hitting the right price points, the right pack sizes, the right promotions at the right time in the month, all those types of things are really quite important, but brands matter, and we have to make sure that we're continuing to invest in our brands and innovation, meeting the consumers where they are. But having said all that, we continue to forecast a rational pricing environment going forward.
Steve Powers: Okay, very good. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
John Renwick: I think we probably have time for one more question, operator?
Operator: Our last question comes from Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Max Gumport: Hey thanks for the question. Just wanted to follow-up on the last one there and get a better sense for should we expect -- or why do you not think your business needs more price investment, given what we're hearing from all of your competitors, particularly competitors in your near-end [ph] categories within snacking. It feels like we're hearing more and more about these companies saying that the consumer needs some pricing give back. It feels like the retailers are saying the same. I just want to make sure I understand why your own business doesn't need that? thank you.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Max, I'd just point you to we had a terrific second quarter. We raised our guidance. We've got great confidence. You can't speak to where everybody else is, but we feel we feel very, very good about where we are, good about our innovations. We feel good about the return we're getting from our brand building. We feel good about our geographic portfolio. And I hope that you heard that come through in not only the results but the outlook. And so I'd just point you right to there and say, we don't feel like we're missing anything. We don't feel like we need to do anything on the pricing front that we're not already doing that you haven't seen because again, we -- here we are today announcing good results, very good results and raising guidance. So, I just would ended that.
Max Gumport: Thanks very much.
John Renwick: Maybe one more.
Operator: Yes, we have a question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Just a super quick one. Steve, with all of the activation, commercial activation back up to more normal levels, we're hearing a lot of that, about more normal levels of promotional activity from peers as well. It's all off of obviously much higher list pricing. So, promoted price points are still quite a bit higher. So, I'm just curious what you're seeing around lift on promotional activity, if it's kind of where you have always seen it? Is it better, worse or how that's trending? That's it. Thanks so much.
Steve Cahillane: Great question, Andrew. I'd say if you go back at the beginning of the year and the end of last year, the lifts were not great because I think the price discovery was still happening, as you point out, the higher list prices we're starting to improve. And so sequentially, week-in and week-out, the investments that we're making are seeing a better return. And that's part of our confidence in the back half of the year into next year that the right level of investment will start to yield the type of returns that we saw pre-pandemic.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A. I'll now hand back to John Renwick for closing remarks.
John Renwick: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for your interest and your time. And if you do have follow-up questions, please do not hesitate to call us. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's call has now concluded. We'd like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Kellanova's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellanova. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our first quarter results as well as an update on our outlook for 2024. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amit Banati, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Slide 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellanova's future performance are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the investor page of www.kellanova.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. Also, remember that our 2023 results have been recast to treat the spun-off WK Kellogg Co. as a discontinued operation in accordance with applicable accounting guidelines. Those recast statements can be found in our Q4 2023 earnings press release from February 8 of this year. And now I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Two quarters ago, we became Kellanova, with a more focused and growth-oriented portfolio, a refreshed strategy, more ambitious financial targets and the continued commitment to deliver long-term value for our share-owners. I'm proud to say that we have continued to deliver solid results even amidst challenging macro and industry conditions. Our first quarter was a very strong start to 2024 with better sales growth, profit margins and cash flow than we had projected, and it was another quarter of on-algorithm performance year-on-year; in fact, at the upper end of our algorithm ranges. We are encouraged by the early signs of headway we are making in the marketplace, including here in the United States, and we continue to deliver strong organic growth in emerging markets. Put it all together, and you can see why we are able to reaffirm our 2024 guidance today and with an increased level of confidence. But before we dive into the details of our financials and regional performance, let me remind you of a few important drivers of this performance. First is our strategy: differentiate, drive and deliver, shown on Slide 6. Each and every element of this strategy is being addressed and executed, both to deliver our near-term commitments, but also to build for a strong future. The strategy clearly has us further differentiating ourselves as a company driving the actions that deliver share-owner value. Then, of course, there is our global footprint. Another area of differentiation for Kellanova depicted on Slide 7. Our heavy international presence adds diversification and growth, both of which were once again on display in the latest quarter. And this footprint, with its growth orientation and diversification, will remain a key differentiator for years to come. All of this is driving differentiated results. Slide 8 shows how our organic net sales growth has remained above our peer group median. Recently, we have benefited in part from our ability to raise prices significantly in markets where the currency has devalued sharply of late, but it is differentiated growth, differentiated from our peers and differentiated from our past, and it does reflect the benefits of our sharpened strategy and our more growth-oriented portfolio. Our portfolio is not only more growth-oriented today, but it is also more profitable. Slide 9 shows how our post-spin companies' margins are higher than we were as Kellogg Company even before the pandemic. So as stated on Slide 10, we are again reaffirming our full year guidance, and we are doing so with increased confidence. This increased confidence comes from the over-delivery of our first quarter. It also stems from the fact that our return to full commercial activity is gaining traction, resulting in sequential improvement in key end market metrics. A good example is the U.S., where we saw consumption volume and sales improve their trends in March and into April. Meanwhile, category-level elasticities are starting to moderate, which further supports our expectations for stabilizing volumes. We continue to invest in our emerging markets businesses, an important source of our differentiated long-term growth and we are in the process of adding capacity for our biggest brand, Pringles, in these emerging markets. We continue to restore and expand margins, progressing ahead of our plan in this area. And finally, we continue to enhance our financial flexibility through increased free cash flow and a deleveraged balance sheet. Meanwhile, we also continue to focus on growing the right way and Slide 11 provides just a few examples of our better days promise in action during the first quarter. As always, we had a heavy focus on addressing food insecurity worldwide. But we also know that doing the right thing is good for business. And during the first quarter, we again partnered with customers and leveraged our brands as we supported the communities we serve. We also continue to be recognized for our good work. So now let me turn it over to Amit, who will walk you through our financials before I come back and discuss each of our businesses in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thank you, Steve, and hello, everyone. Slide 13 summarizes our key financial results for quarter 1. As Steve said, we are pleased to report another quarter of on-algorithm results and the fact that these results exceeded our expectations gives us even more confidence in our full year outlook. Our organic growth in net sales was towards the top end of our long-term target range, with much of this organic growth attributable to pricing to offset currency devaluation. But even outside of that, our sales and volume came in a little better than planned. On a currency-neutral basis, our adjusted operating profit grew strongly year-on-year. If you normalize the year ago recast base, to also include the pass-through of transition services expenses, this year-on-year growth would still be in the double digits on a currency-neutral basis, and it was driven by a restoration of gross profit margin that more than covered increased brand-building investment. Our below-the-line items, more or less offset each other, resulting in growth in earnings per share that was similar to the operating profit and a very good start to the year. Meanwhile, free cash flow is also off to a good start. Slide 14 walks you through the major components of our year-on-year net sales growth. As you can see, our 5% organic growth was primarily driven by price mix, which itself was led by revenue growth management actions taken over the past 12 months to cover what had been rising input cost inflation as well as pricing actions taken more recently in Nigeria to cover currency devaluation. As expected, our overall price/mix growth decelerated sequentially again in quarter 1, and it should continue to do so as the year goes on. Volume declined on elasticity impacts around the world. Sequentially, from quarter 4, our overall volume decline was affected by Nigeria experiencing less accelerated orders than last quarter. However, in most of our other regions, we're encouraged by the pace of what we have always planned to be a gradual stabilization and recovery. Moving along the graphs, the small impact from last year's divestiture of our Russia business will continue for one more quarter as the transaction anniversaries at the start of quarter 3. Foreign currency translation clipped net sales growth by a larger-than-expected nine percentage points in quarter 1, principally reflecting the Nigerian Naira. If exchange rates experienced during quarter one were to hold the full year's currency impact, would be around negative 7%. Now let's look at gross profit on Slide 15. As we've discussed previously, the discontinued operations accounting used to recast 2022 and the first three quarters of 2023 takes into account only the expenses associated with our transition services agreement and not the pass-through of those expenses to WK Kellogg Co. Year-on-year, this contributed about 110 basis points of our margin expansion during quarter 1. Currency devaluations affected our country mix, contributing a year-on-year margin benefit in quarter one of approximately 170 basis points. But as you can see, even without these recast and country mix impacts, we continued a multi-quarter trend of increased gross profit dollars and improvement in our gross profit margin. Driving this margin recovery have been a number of factors, including the improved supply environment, a resumed higher level of productivity and last year's revenue growth management actions against moderating input cost inflation. The fact that this gross margin restoration has continued to run ahead of pace gives us additional confidence in our full year outlook of more than 35%. The same holds true for operating profit shown on Slide 16. This was driven by our top line growth and recovering gross profit margin, which were enough to fund advertising and consumer promotion that increased faster than net sales. The absence of TSA reimbursement from the year ago recast base was a year-on-year impact of roughly $45 million at the operating profit line, which explains a little less than 150 basis points of the margin expansion and the currency-related mix shift had the effect of adding less than 100 basis points of the margin expansion. Even if we exclude these two factors, we still continue to grow operating profit in dollars and in margin and quite substantially. Like our gross profit, this operating profit performance was better than expected, another promising sign for the full year. This strong quarter one margin performance lends confidence to our outlook for an operating profit margin of over 14% for the full year. Moving down the P&L, we come to our earnings per share walk on Slide 17. As you can see, all of our EPS growth in quarter one was attributable to our growth in operating profit as below the line items offset each other. Interest expense increased meaningfully year-on-year, reflecting higher interest rates. This was offset by a similar increase in other income, reflecting currency translation gains. As expected, our effective tax rate came in at about 22.6%, and joint venture earnings and minority interests were collectively about a $0.01 drag on EPS. Our average shares outstanding decreased modestly year-on-year, reflecting share buybacks that we accelerated into the previous quarter. Let's turn to Slide 18 and look at our free cash flow and net debt. We're off to a good start on free cash flow, even in what is normally a small quarter for this metric, though some of this is timing related, specifically the timing of a planned distribution from a post-retirement fund, which is expected to be offset later in the year. Meantime, we've continued to pay down debt even as we return sizable cash to share-owners, mostly through our dividend. Our debt leverage remains well below our targeted ratio of net debt to trailing EBITDA of 3x. On Slide 19, you can see that we are making no changes to our 2024 financial guidance. For net sales, we continue to expect organic growth within our long-term targeted range, specifically calling for 3% growth or better in 2024. Outside of Nigeria, we still assume that price mix growth will moderate as we continue to lap prior year actions, that industry-wide elasticities will fade gradually during the year and that our return to full commercial activity will result in volume stabilization and improvement as the year progresses. The exception is Nigeria, where currency influence pricing actions have continued and where we assume we will start to see meaningful elasticity impact on volume. Organic growth, of course, excludes currency translation which based on exchange rates we saw during quarter 1, would be a headwind of about 7% for the full year. For adjusted basis operating profit, we again reaffirmed the range of $1.85 billion to $1.9 billion. This incorporates a worsened negative impact from currency translation, which based on exchange rates experienced during quarter one would be about negative 2% to 3% for the full year. This operating profit guidance still implies continued margin expansion as an improving gross profit margin more than offset a strong increase in brand investment. In fact, we are taking advantage of our strong quarter one to increase our reinvestment in brands and capabilities. Adjusted basis, earnings per share is still expected to be in the range of $3.55 to $3.65. Interest expense for the year now should be around $315 million versus the $310 million we signaled last quarter and currency translation is running worse than previously expected. On the other hand, other income's favorable quarter one brings up the full year, even as remaining quarters are still expected to run at around $15 million per quarter. We also estimate that our effective tax rate will come in below the 23% we previously guided to something more like what we saw in quarter 1. And the collective impact of joint venture earnings and minority interest may continue to run at a similar rate as in quarter 1. And we are reaffirming our outlook for free cash flow of approximately $1 billion with year-on-year growth driven by operating profit and despite capital expenditure temporarily elevated as a percentage of sales for expanded Pringles capacity in emerging markets as well as usual cash outlays related to our two network optimization projects. Our strong start to the year across all of these metrics gives us increased confidence in this guidance while still allowing some room for potential risks such as further currency devaluations or disruptions in the Middle East as well as the opportunity to add some investment behind brands and capabilities. So in summary, our financial position is solid. We kicked off 2024 with results in the first quarter that were ahead of plan. Our commercial activities are starting to be reflected in improving end market performance and our profit margins are recovering ahead of pace. Plus, we continue to address our future margins and return on invested capital, making progress on network optimization projects, all of which gives us increased confidence in the full year guidance we first provided last August and allows us to increase reinvestment. Our cash flow and balance sheet are giving us enhanced financial flexibility, and we continue to return cash to share-owners, not only in the form of the opportunistic share buybacks we made late last year, but also the increase in our dividend that we announced just last week. And with that, let me now turn it back to Steve for a run-through of our businesses around the world.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. We'll start with Kellanova North America and Slide 22. Our organic net sales were flat in the quarter against our toughest comparison of the year. As expected, price mix growth is moderating as we lap last year's revenue growth management actions and last year's relative lack of merchandising activity. Industry-wide elasticities continued to pressure volume in the quarter, but it is important to note that we again realized sequential moderation in these volume declines and we expect this to continue as our increased commercial activity combines with expected diminishing of elasticities in our categories. North America's operating profit increased substantially as margins continue to be restored. Half of this year-on-year profit growth can be explained by the year earlier recast figures, not incorporating the pass-through of transition service expenses. The other half of this growth was driven by productivity initiatives and year-on-year improvements in service levels and logistics. So in spite of soft category demand, North America again delivered financially. Slide 23 shows how both our snacks and our frozen businesses lapped strong year-earlier growth through the first half before beginning to lap the category level rise in elasticities that became more pronounced in the second half last year. Hence, being flattish in quarter one was expected for both businesses. Encouragingly, our U.S. categories in market in quarter one showed moderating volume declines as elasticities began to moderate. Meanwhile, our ramped up commercial activity is starting to improve our share performance as we had planned. While we returned to merchandising in the second half last year, quality display activity requires lead time, and we are now starting to realize this quality activity with increasing retailer acceptance as we have refined our price points, pack sizes and merchandising periods and events. Slide 24 shows this improvement in two of our most important categories. In both crackers and salty snacks, you can see our upward trajectory in consumption sales and volume, particularly when compared to their respective categories. In salty snacks, Pringles picked up share in March and in crackers, our declines are narrowing rapidly, thanks to increasing merchandising for Cheez-It and share gains by Club and Toasted. The same is true in our other categories. We gained share in portable wholesome snacks in the first quarter led by Pop-Tarts. Eggo started to narrow its share losses in March on meaningful gains in distribution and MorningStar Farms continues to pick up share. So we are gaining traction, and we have more building blocks taking shape in the second quarter when we pick up distribution on shelf resets and innovation launches, all supported by increased brand investment and merchandising activity. And that's on top of likely easing of elasticities as last year's SNAP and other government allotments anniversary. So we fully expect to sustain this improvement in consumption volume and share performance in the second quarter and through the second half. As indicated on Slide 25, there is no change in our expectations for North America only increased confidence. Our increased innovation is beginning to hit the shelves now and our brand building and merchandising have increased and are of higher quality. Best of all, we're already seeing this activity start to bear fruit in the marketplace. We expect our volume performance in this region will continue to improve as a result. Meantime, our margins continue to recover ahead of pace, and we are seeing early evidence of the post spin-off benefits of a more focused and agile organization. And I'm just back from the Los Angeles Premier of Jerry Seinfeld's new Netflix movie Unfrosted, which I can tell you is absolutely hilarious. It's a farcical take on the launch of our beloved Pop-Tarts. Only the most iconic brands merit a star-studded movie, so be sure to watch its release tomorrow night on Netflix. Now let's turn to Kellanova Europe and Slide 26. This region sustained good net sales growth growing organically by 3% in the first quarter even as it lapped prior year revenue growth management actions. Importantly, we realized a modest sequential improvement in volume performance. Even excluding favorable currency translation, Europe's adjusted basis operating profit grew by 4% year-on-year despite last year's midyear divestiture of Russia. Profit margins continue to recover nicely in this business, even with significant boost in brand building investment. On Slide 27, you can see that Snacks, which represent over half of our sales in Kellanova. Europe, continue to lead our growth in this region during the first quarter. Our Snacks' net sales grew organically by 4% as they lap double-digit growth and as we experienced trade inventory timing in certain markets as well as softened demand in Israel, which is the lone Middle East market serviced out of Kellanova Europe. End market, we saw continued deceleration in retail sales growth for our primary categories on moderating price increases and sustained elasticities. The salty snacks category is growing at low to mid-single-digit growth rates in developed markets while sustaining mid-teens growth in emerging markets like Poland and Romania. Impressively, Pringles has gained share across most markets in the first quarter. In Cereal, we remained on a trend of 1% organic net sales growth. We gained share in the growing U.K. cereal market, but did see continued categories slowing and shifts to private label in many markets in the region. Slide 28 reviews the elements to watch for in Europe in 2024. Pringles is poised to sustain momentum as we execute our biggest ever campaigns around football, launched a set of limited edition flavors and continue our paper can partnership with a major U.K. retailer. All while we prepare for the launch of Cheez-It starting in the U.K. in the third quarter. In Cereal, we're excited about the launch of Kellogg's sponsored football camps across the U.K. affiliated with prestigious professional clubs. We're also enthusiastic about building momentum behind innovations like new Choco Corn flakes and Trésor Brownie. The result will be a seventh consecutive year of organic net sales growth for this region even as we progress on plans for an optimization of our cereal portfolio and pending consultation our manufacturing network. Now let's look at our emerging markets regions, starting with Latin America on Slide 29. In the first quarter, Latin America's net sales increased by 5% organically. Price/mix growth is moderating as expected as we lap prior year actions to offset high cost inflation. The good news is that volume declines continue to moderate even in spite of the impact of our SKU rationalization and price pack architecture initiatives. Operating profit declined in the first quarter against strong 20%-plus year-earlier growth. Slide 30 shows our Latin American net sales growth by category group. Organic net sales for our Snacks business dipped year-on-year due to elasticities in Central America and the lapping of a strong year ago quarter. However, end market data indicate that category growth rates for salty snacks generally remain strong, and both Pringles and Cheez-It outpaced the category with double-digit consumption growth in Mexico and Brazil. Our cereal net sales increased by a better-than-expected 10% in spite of lapping a similarly strong year ago performance. End market, the cereal category remains particularly robust in Mexico and Brazil, and we gained share in both of those markets. In fact, in Mexico, we recorded our highest share in the past decade through commercial activation of our core brands and expanded distribution. Slide 31 reminds you of what to watch for in our Latin America business this year. We expect a seventh straight year of organic net sales growth, with growth in both Snacks and Cereal. Pringles growth should be sustained by innovation and distribution expansion, and we also expect good growth in cereal. Margin should improve, reflecting price pack architecture and other RGM initiatives, operating efficiencies and the potential for moderating input cost pressures later this year. And we'll finish with our EMEA region, starting with Slide 32. Currency influence price increases drove substantially all of the region's 19% organic net sales growth in the quarter, and this organic growth was more than offset by adverse currency translation. Nevertheless, our business in Nigeria continues to execute well through this challenging currency environment. It is priced to keep up with parallel market currency rates and has operated very effectively. Up to now, elasticities have remained manageable, though they are now on the rise given the significant pricing we have had to execute. Stepping back, these short-term challenges are dramatically outweighed by the long-term growth opportunity that this growing market and our advantaged assets provide us. Outside of Nigeria and our joint ventures with Tolaram, our organic net sales declined slightly year-on-year as it lapped double-digit growth in the year ago quarter and as demand has been impacted by the heightened tensions in the Middle East. On a currency-neutral basis, EMEA's operating profit grew by 29%, though the extremely adverse currency translation brings this growth down to 2% in U.S. dollars. Excluding our joint ventures with Tolaram, EMEA's operating profit still grew in the double digits year-on-year, both with and without currency translation as margin recovery continues. On Slide 33, the magnitude of the currency-driven pricing in Nigeria is reflected in the accelerated organic net sales growth for Noodles and other. Pricing has had to continue and while volume has held up well, some of this is related to timing of advanced orders in recent quarters that will likely negatively impact the second quarter and we also are prudently projecting elasticities to finally rise in this business. Meanwhile, our Kellogg's noodles in South Africa and Egypt continue to grow rapidly, gaining distribution and share. In Snacks, we lapped a notably strong year earlier quarter, and Pringles is feeling the impact of the conflict in the Middle East. Outside of that subregion, however, our snack sales remained in solid growth, led by Pringles. In Cereal, our organic net sales slipped by less than 1% despite lapping notably strong growth in the prior year ago quarter. Category elasticities persist, though we are encouraged by our sales in Australia. So for EMEA in 2024, we continue to watch for the elements listed on Slide 34. This region looks to extend its enviable track record of consistently delivering organic growth. Noodles remains a growth business for us even as we contend with increased pricing and elasticities. We expect to sustain momentum in Snacks, led by Pringles, though the Middle East situation may slow its overall growth in the region and we expect to sustain growth in Cereal, led by emerging markets. And EMEA's restoration of profit margins should continue. So let me summarize with Slide 36. We're two quarters past the spin-off and already the benefits of a more focused, more growth-oriented and more profitable portfolio are on display. We again delivered continued on-algorithm financial performance that tracked ahead of expectations. Our stronger commercial plans are taking hold with improving end market performance that is leading to improving volume performance and this improvement will continue. We continue to progress ahead of schedule in the restoration of profit margins. All of this enables us to reaffirm our 2024 guidance with an increased level of confidence. Meanwhile, we continue to take value-creating actions for the future including, for example, adding much-needed emerging market capacity for Pringles, expanding Cheez-It internationally and optimizing our global manufacturing network. Simply put, we have the strategy, the portfolio, the footprint and the financial flexibility to deliver results consistently quarter after quarter and create long-term value for our share-owners. And as always, the biggest reason for our confidence is the talent and energy of our Kellanova team who are working hard every day to deliver value for you, our share-owners. And with that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning everybody.
Steve Cahillane: Hi, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Just in scanner data. I know it doesn't cover everything. But - and clearly, you're able to perform quite well anyway lately. But just noticing that as we've seen for a little while now, private label continues to gain share in both crackers and potato chips, maybe at a little faster rate than they are in most food categories. So I'm just curious as we - maybe you think about 2Q and 3Q with some of the maybe elasticity fading trends, as you mentioned, maybe some lapping of last year's Snap reduction. So how do we think about you as a category, and private label in the context of that and maybe some of the competitive trends within there?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks for the question, Ken. We don't really see the same thing that you're talking about in terms of private label. It's been a little bumpy, to be honest with you. And if you look back to, say, 2019 all the way through this year, there's no meaningful moves in private label in the categories that you mentioned. And if you look at PWS, portable wholesome snacks, there might be a little bit more movement there. But I think it's really a story of not much to see there when you take all the noise out, because you do have private label last year spring a little bit more due to supply disruptions, bottleneck shortages. So there's some of that's just coming back to where it was. I think equally, there is in the non-measured channels, as you said, growing faster, so you can't always look at the syndicated data as a complete proxy for our own top line performance because of that growth. And the growth in away-from-home channels as well, which has been very good. So I think not to be - I hope you don't take that as a dismissive comment, but I think it's not as much to see as you might really think, as you really analyze the fulsomeness of the data.
Ken Goldman: It's dismissive of Nielsen, not me. I'll take it that way. But I'm curious if we can maybe broaden it out a little bit, just as you think about lapping the Snap productions, what are your estimates maybe forgetting what we're seeing in private label, just thinking about it more broadly in terms of maybe the lower income, or some of the consumers that are struggling a little bit. Do you expect maybe to see a little bit of improvement just more on a macro basis as we lap some of last year's trends?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, we do Ken. And you hit it right on the head, the lower-income consumers, as you know and have seen are under a lot more pressure than the balance of the consumers, and that continues where probably as we get into the back half of the year going to be past the worst of that because of the Snap benefits, because of the restoration of having to pay student loans, because of the improving economic environment overall from an employment standpoint and from a wage standpoint. I think we've seen the last of it. So we always forecast elasticities, to be the most challenging in the first half of the year, and to improve in the back half of the year. For us, we're actually seeing a better performance than that. So, if you look at the syndicated data, again, I dismissed it on one hand, but not entirely. You can see that our performance is improving. We're getting back to full merchandising activity, which we had said, so we're moving from really telling everybody what we're going to do to showing what we're doing, and you actually see that in our improvement. So, we feel much more confident in our volume performance. I'm speaking about North America now, even into the second quarter. And certainly, that - we see that continuing into the back half of the year. So overall category, I think, back half of the year improvement for us even sooner than that.
Ken Goldman: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today is from the line of Max Gumport of BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. Your line is open
Max Gumport: Hi. Thanks for the question. First, just on the TSA impact. I think we've got the moving pieces now, but it sounds like maybe it was $45 million to $50 million benefit on EBIT. And then, maybe the $35 million of that was on the gross profit line? Do I have that right in terms of the size of the TSA with the reimbursement piece?
Amit Banati: Yes. Yes. I think you've got that right. I think the TSA reimbursement was around $45 million, and that split between gross profit and SG&A is about right.
Max Gumport: And then how should we...
Amit Banati: I think nevertheless, even if - yes, I think even if you exclude that, we saw strong double-digit growth in our operating profit. You saw our gross margin even if you exclude the TSA, as well as the ForEx impact, our gross margins were up 190 basis points in the quarter. I think from a go-forward standpoint, we'd expect TSAs to continue, to be in that range, but starting to ratchet down in quarter two. As I've mentioned previously, we are transitioning the distribution centers into WKKC. So that process is underway. It's going really well. Service levels are high as we are doing the transition. So as that transition happens through the course of 2024, you'll see some of the TSA costs move directly, to WKKC. And so, that will start ratcheting down through the year. And of course, in quarter four, you'll anniversary that. So that's what's built into the guidance.
Max Gumport: Great. Very helpful. And then, Steve, you just touched on this. Over the last several months, we've been hearing more and more commentary of consumer, particularly a lower income consumer that is feeling stressed. And as a result, eating out less, and that's only become more, clear through the last several days of restaurant earnings. I think what's not as clear, is whether or not we're seeing this result in the shift to food at home. I'm just curious what you're seeing on this front, and where you think the volume could be going? Thanks very much. I'll leave it there.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I think you're clearly seeing value-seeking behavior. And discretionary income, the consumers under the most pressure from a discretionary income standpoint are eating out less. I think that's clear. And they are returning to the at-home channels, but they're still seeking value even among that. So you see growth in different channels that better cater or really focus against the value-seeking consumer. You continue to see lower packs - seeking price points. And so, we're trying more and more not to vacate those very attractive price points. But yes, that's exactly what we're seeing. And as I said in the earlier comment, I think in the back half of the year, that pressure will start to abate.
Max Gumport: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question today is from the line of Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Steve Cahillane: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. So I think you mentioned at the beginning that the first quarter, was coming in a bit better than expected, on both the top and the bottom line. I'm wondering that why there wouldn't be a guidance raise at this point, or whether maybe there are things on the table that are still highly uncertain. I mean we've just mentioned the consumer. Maybe you could just speak to what you see as the key uncertainties as we move through the next few quarters? Thank you.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I think Alexia, it really comes down to the simple fact. It's only the first quarter. So there's always uncertainty with three quarters to remain. But it really gives us the very strong confidence that we're going to deliver a very good year. And what I mean by that is it allows us to really think about the best levels of reinvestment that we can do. And I'll give you some examples of that route to market in Latin America and EMEA continues to be really exciting for us. We're going to invest a little bit more in route to market, everything around digital transformation and artificial intelligence allows us, to lean in more than we had planned, and we were already leading in this year in our plans. We can lean in even more on that. And then brand, especially brand building. I'll give you a real-life example of that. I talked about the Pop-Tarts movie. It really is an exceptional movie. And when a comedic genius and icon like Jerry Seinfeld, makes a movie about - full feature length movie about your product, with a star-studded cast, that gives you an opportunity, we didn't know about it, and we're leaning into it. We've got displays going up all over the place. We've got a special pack with Jerry's picture on it, and we've got a 90-second video shot, by Jerry that's airing right now. None of that was in the budget, and we were able to lean in, in a meaningful way to really accelerate the Pop-Tarts momentum. So, we're in that type of position right now. So, there's nothing looming on the horizon that's scaring us. It just allows us to really set up the year for an exceptional performance.
Alexia Howard: Great. And could I just follow up? Your leverage is obviously low at the moment. You've got this transitional services agreement that's going to be fading down. What's your appetite to doing a deal? I know there's a lot of moving pieces right now. Is it too soon to try to replace the sales and EBIT that were lost with the spin-off of WK Kellogg or are you actively looking at the moment? And if so, I presume it would be in snacking, but would it be domestically or internationally, just curious?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So we like the health of our balance sheet without a doubt. Our net debt continues to go down. Our leverage ratios continue to go down. So, we have the capacity to do something if it creates share-owner value. And we're always on the lookout for anything that does create share-owner value. So you're right, Snacks is - we talk about being a snacking led powerhouse. 50% of our business is outside the U.S. So, we could do something domestically for outside. We're not really looking to change to proactively change, to be more international or more domestic. We would look at the absolute best deal out there. And we have the capacity to do it. Equally, we're very excited about organic opportunities, which I just mentioned Pop-Tarts, but Cheez-It internationally continues to be a priority for us. Adding Pringles capacity is very much a part of our capital plan this year, building two new factories, one in Latin America, another one in Asia. So, we've got good uses for our capital with high ROIs, but M&A could factor into that as well.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question today is from the line of Tom Palmer of Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I wanted to just try to bridge the profit improvement you saw in North America, I think even excluding the TSA contribution that you noted, we'd be looking at almost a 20% increase in operating profit relative to last year's adjusted number. Clearly, the positive pricing would seem to have offset the volume declines. But just wondering on other items, it does seem like investments were stepped up, but the cost environment maybe is a bit more favorable? And then kind of how does that cost environment progress, as we think about subsequent quarters? Thanks.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think very strong performance in our North America business this quarter, so very pleased with that. I think it's all the factors that you mentioned. So it's the benefit of the revenue growth actions that, we took last year. It's a moderating cost environment. So, we're seeing that play out. I think this quarter, the supply chain performed well. And from a lapping standpoint, this was the biggest lap from the shortages and bottlenecks. So, those were kind of some of the drivers. We continue to expect to see strong profit performance, both gross and operating through the year, probably not at the pace in - we saw in quarter one, because we're lapping bulk of the shortages and bottlenecks, we lap that was predominantly in quarter one. And then some of the mechanical elements like the currency impact was most pronounced in quarter one. That will probably moderate in the rest of the year. I mentioned earlier that we lap - or we anniversary, the TSA reimbursements in quarter four. So, we'd expect continued good performance through the year, but not as pronounced as we saw in quarter one.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thank you. And then a quarter ago, you guided for all operating segments to report organic sales growth, and constant currency operating profit growth in line with their long-term algorithms? Is this still the case? Or is there any shift here, just given the strong start to the year.
Amit Banati: I'd say broadly in line with what we do. So no major changes. I think it's coming slightly better than expected. Currency in Nigeria is obviously devalued more than we thought, and the teams there are pricing to recover that. So some changes, but overall, broadly, I'd say, in line with our - in line with the long-term algo that we had guided to.
Tom Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today is from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is up. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Amit, a lot of discussion on North America profitability, obviously coming in and far better than most of us had modelled, even adjusting for some of the one-off nature of things. But I assume there was actually also some element of negative fixed cost absorption or - in there due to the fact that volume in North America has continued to be on the weaker side. I guess, how much of a headwind to gross margin might that have been in North America, or to overall Kellanova that I would assume, would also start to moderate or taper off, as volume trends start to stabilize and/or even improve in the back part of the year?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think, Andrew, it was a headwind. But like I said, I think the improved supply chain performance more than offset that. So while the volume line was a bit of a headwind. By far, the biggest driver was the lapping of the improved supply chain performance, the improved service levels. And so, I think that's kind of more than offset that. And of course, we'd expect the volume leverage to start improving as the volume trends start improving, in the latter part of the year. The benefit of the lapping of the bottlenecks will moderate, some volume leverage would pick up. So that's kind of the shape of the year.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. And then quickly, Steve, just - we've heard a lot of discussion also in general about just consumers - maybe the lower income consumer is obviously reacting to just sort of absolute price points, right, being sort of where they are as opposed to anything having to do with price gaps vis-a-vis private label or anything else. Sometimes there's an adjustment period here in terms of consumers adjusting their, sort of their reference price points, with what they may have equated with a product on promotion prior to the sort of the last two years of inflation and whatnot. I guess where do you think the consumer is, with respect to adjusting their sort of their reference price points? Do you think they're making some progress on that front? And maybe that's part of what plays into hopefully helping industry volumes in the back part of the year as well. I'm just curious your thoughts on that? Thanks.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Andrew, I think that's exactly right. We talked, I think, in the last quarter and probably the last two quarters about those very reference price points and talking about the consumer will walk by four or five trips, and not just be able to accept that new reference price point. So, I think we're there or thereabout, probably the seventh or eighth inning, if you like. At the same time, companies like us continue to also work RGM initiatives, and it's not shrink-inflation. It's making sure that you can hold your margin and hit a price point, and sometimes that means a smaller size. And so, I think the combination of all of those things working together leads us to believe that the second half of the year, is going to be the inflection [ph] point for the consumer. And for us, as I said, I think we get there even faster than that, because of what we're lapping, because we admittedly came back to merchandising activity perhaps later than we otherwise would have, knowing what we know today. But the fact of the matter is we are there now. We are merchandising more effectively. We've got more quality displays. We like our price points. We do like our price points and where they are with consumers. And so, we see all that leading to a better back half of the year, although still not without pressure. So I don't want to be pollyannish about it. The consumer is still under a good bit of pressure, but I do think that there is brightness on the horizon.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Next question today is from the line of Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. I just want to come back to the big picture outlook for the consumer. And we've touched a little bit already on possibly the food away from home shift to food at home as a possible tailwind. But I guess every company is looking for volume improvement in the second half, even if you think about food away from home shifts adding - growing the pie, private label momentum is still strong. We hear over and over again about the pressured consumer lapping Snap kind of puts an incremental negative in the rearview, but doesn't replace it with any new boost. So, I guess where does all the volume come from? Is it - do you expect private label share to reverse, is it just that other competitors in the branded space will seed share to Kellanova? How do we think about how that's meant to unfold?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So I think if you step back and look at everything, I don't think that there has been volume destruction, right? If there is a caloric reduction in the population, it is quite minimal. And a couple of quarters ago, everybody wanted to talk about the GLP-1 drugs. I think that's faded as well. So if you start with the premise that more or less the caloric state remains the same, then the volume goes somewhere. And I think those with the best full commercial activation, with brands that matter to consumers are going to be the ultimate winners. And that's why we're excited about where we are in terms of our ability to reinvest, and continue to step up our investment against the consumer and against household penetration. And making sure that we're delighting our consumers all along the way, because we think the volume potential is still very real, and hasn't had any full diminishment, if you like.
Michael Lavery: And you've touched in the past on potential consumer adjustments in terms of things like waste reduction, just using more leftovers, is that some of the behavior that might refer to prior norms, or that - is that some of the things you're counting on as part of the change?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I think it's interesting, because you all on this call and we and all of our peers have been in search of where that volume is, right? And there's been a lot of hypotheses. And I think the fact is it's probably a lot of things that are hard to measure. One is managing the household pantry, less leftovers, more creativity. I think all those things have been coming into play, but they're now -- if you think about it, they're in the base, right? You can only work that pantry so long, the pantry is not an infinite supply of stuff in the corners, so that's been worked. But I think this new consumer behavior around less food waste and more - making sure that leftovers are really used is probably consumer behavior as far as we can tell, that will remain. But again, it's in the base. And so, I think there's a normal, if you like. Now as the economy improves, if it does improve, if discretionary income keeps growing faster than inflation, you'll likely see a return to kind of the pre-inflationary times as people become a little bit more comfortable. I think that would be a natural outcome. But right now, I think we see the continuation of that behavior, recognizing that it's in the base.
Michael Lavery: And just a quick follow-up on LATAM. You called out the performance there being what it was despite the SKU rationalizations that you've had, can you just give a sense of maybe the magnitude of what that was? And are there incrementally new ones we should be mindful of modeling ahead? Or is this closer to winding down?
Amit Banati: I think it's largely behind us. And so yes - but overall, we're seeing good momentum in our LATAM business, both in Mexico as well as in Brazil.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question today is from the line of David Palmer of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. Last quarter, I think you guided to 20 for the year, North America snacks organic sales growth, low single-digits. Is that still the thinking? And if so, how do you envision price versus volume this year for North America? Just looking at the last four weeks, and I know you highlighted in the last four weeks, I don't know if that composition is how you're thinking things will play out. But it does look like price per unit is down low single digits with volume offsetting that. And I'm not sure how indicative that will be?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, David, I think if you look at what's happened in the last 18 months, two years, been too much price and not enough volume for obvious reasons. And now we're seeing the - we're starting to see the reversal of that in North America. And as I mentioned several times on the call now, we're seeing a better volume performance. You can see that in the latest published data. We're seeing a gradual recovery in that. And we are very confident in the back half of the year based on what we see in - right now in terms of our volume performance. So, we like the balance that we see returning to our business, and we have a lot of optimism that, that's going to continue.
David Palmer: So do you think this is going to be one, where we maybe see volume even stronger than net sales in that division. Is that the kind of year, because you're leaning in with high-quality merchandising that's going to lead to some net pricing per unit offset to the volume that you're going to get? Is that fair?
Steve Cahillane: I would just - I don't want to go too deep into individual regions and volume price/mix beyond what we said, and that is, it's getting a lot better. The volume performance continues to get a lot better. For us, the return to full merchandising activity, which we mentioned several times, is the real driver of that volume recovery. And we like what we see in terms of that balance. We like what we're seeing with the reinvestments in our brands. We like what we're seeing in terms of our share improvements in the marketplace, all those things combining to give us the confidence that we've been talking about.
David Palmer: And just a follow-up on supply chain was a constraint for the old Kellogg's and Kellanova, perhaps more than most companies last year. I know it kept you from doing some of the things you're doing now, the growth spending and - but also maybe on productivity initiatives. Are there certain metrics you could just talk about just year-over-year where you were, it can be the shift on time and in full. But other metrics, including productivity quarter - year-over-year in the quarter, that can give us a sense of how much the supply chain is a big helper? Thanks.
Steve Cahillane: David, I would just say I wouldn't say that our supply chain was disadvantaged in the past. What we did say is we were perhaps more conservative than others in wanting to keep our supply fill rates at a very high level and therefore, did not return to full merchandising commercial activation as some of our peers did. Our supply chain right now is performing at a very high level, like think about pre-pandemic high watermarks in terms of on-time in full. So that's where we are, and that's why we have the confidence. In terms of productivity, we're back to the type of productivity initiatives that we were pre-pandemic as well. So that's been very, very positive. We announced worldwide a couple of productivity initiatives that we talked about last quarter that are proceeding very, very well. And so, we like where our supply chain is in North America, and we like where our supply chain is globally.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Steve, your line is up and please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Yes, hi. Good morning, guys. Just a quick one. I guess a follow-up on that prior line of questioning on North American pricing kind of in combination with Andrew Lazar's question on volumetric leverage. As you think about the benefits of volume leverage throughout the year, offset by the price investments that we're seeing. How does that play out on net impact on margins? Is that a net positive and that drag just as we think about the sequential progression?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think, Steve, there are a number of things playing through in the margin, right? And like I mentioned earlier, right, we're confident that our gross margins will be more than 35%. Within that, there are a number of moving parts. Obviously, inflation, which we set and continue, the guide continues to be neutral-ish across a number of cost elements. So that's playing through the improved performance of the supply chain, is a tailwind this year. I think from a price standpoint, the price/mix is obviously moderating. So I think it's a combination of those factors. Now we should start seeing some volume leverage as the volume trends improve. But all of that kind of factors into the - to our expectation that we continue to see gross margin expansion, not at the rate we saw in quarter 1, but we'd expect that the gross margins will continue to be - continue to improve and be north of 35% for the year.
Steve Powers: Okay. Very good. And Steve, I was hoping you can talk a little bit more about the Cheez-It's expansion overseas. You gave some snippets - as you went region by region, you gave some snippets about kind of what to watch for. But maybe you could just pull it all together in aggregate and just talk about that initiative and kind of what to watch, for in aggregate as you progress through '24, and we start thinking about further progression into '25? Thanks.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So we are excited about the Cheez-It and their international prospects. We've got Cheez-It now in Canada, Mexico, Brazil. We're applying those learnings to the launch in Europe later this year, particularly in the U.K. And the U.K. team is very excited about it. The initial research on product and on positioning is very strong. And so this is not anything that's going to really affect your models per se, because we're taking it in a very pragmatic way market-by-market, continuing to build the playbook. So each next month is more successful than the one that came for it. And so '24, will be the European launch. And then later in '24, we'll talk about additional markets for '25, and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm afraid we have run out of time for any further questions today. So I'd like to hand back to Mr. John Renwick for any closing remarks.
John Renwick: Well, thank you, everyone, for your time and your interest. And if you do have follow-up calls, please do not hesitate to call us. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Kellanova's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session with publishing analysts. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellanova. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our fourth quarter results and a discussion of our outlook for 2024. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amit Banati, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Slide number 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellanova's future performance, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of www.kellanova.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. Included in our press release, our financial results for the fourth quarter 2023 as well as the first three quarters and full years of 2023 and 2022 recasting W.K. Kellogg Co in those periods as discontinued operations in accordance with applicable accounting guidelines. These recast financials will be the basis of comparison used in the year-on-year growth rates we provide today for all items except free cash flow, which was not recast. Keep in mind that the accounting guidelines for discontinued operations are such that the recast financials for the periods prior to the spinoff include expenses related to providing transition services to WKKC such as warehousing and IT-related expenses, but they do not include the reimbursement for those expenses, which Kellanova is receiving from WKKC under a transition services agreement. For periods after the spin-off, that is from Q4 2023 on, both the expenses and the reimbursements will be included, which will impact year-on-year comparisons. This also creates a difference from the carve-out financials that you would have seen from WKKC as different accounting guidelines apply to carve-out financials. And now I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. It's a real pleasure to be able to present to you results for Kellanova for the first time. Allow me first to point to you to Slide number 5 and remind everyone of Kellanova's more focused, more growth-oriented portfolio and let me also remind you of our updated and sharpened strategy. This strategy appropriately called differentiate drive and deliver as shown on Slide number 6. This strengthened portfolio and sharpened strategy were in full force during our initial quarter as Kellanova. We delivered another quarter of solid results as summarized on Slide number 7. We began the quarter with our transformational spin-off, which we executed successfully from a transactional, financial and operational perspective. We did not let this transformational transaction distract us from the task at hand, delivering results. In the quarter, we delivered results for net sales, operating profit and EPS that all were better than the guidance ranges we provided back in November. Our organic net sales growth remained at a rate that is above our long-term algorithm, even in spite of challenging industry conditions marked by rising elasticities in our categories around the world. Importantly, the strength of our diverse emerging markets was again evident. We continue to restore profit margins that had been pressured by last year's soaring input costs and rampant supply impediments. And this led to operating profit growing at a rate that exceeded our long-term algorithm as well. Meantime, we delivered more free cash flow than we had anticipated further strengthening our balance sheet and financial flexibility, which was used to opportunistically accelerate share repurchases. Importantly, we have shifted our focus back towards demand generation after a few years of having to focus more on supply. And we solidified our plans and assumptions for 2024 accordingly as outlined on Slide number 8. We are affirming the 2024 guidance we gave back in August at our Day@K Investor event, underscoring the dependability we intend to continue to exhibit as Kellanova. While it could take a couple of quarters before these negative industry trends abate, we are confident that our return to a full commercial plan will gradually stabilize and improve our volume as the year progresses. Our innovation is bigger and better than last year's supply-related pullback, our highly differentiated brands are fully supported with A&P investment, and we are back to normal levels of merchandising. We are also confident in our sustained momentum in emerging markets, another point of differentiation for Kellanova. Meantime, we also expect margin expansion in all four regions in 2024. The result is an outlook for an on-algorithm net sales and operating profit growth and free cash flow generation that is strong enough to incrementally invest in future growth and future margin expansion. This investment in future growth includes incremental capital expenditures for adding much needed capacity for Pringles in our emerging markets, as we've discussed previously. But we're also investing in margin expansion, as shown on Slide number 9. Consistent with our long-term plans to optimize our global supply chain network, we have commenced two optimizations of production facilities: one in our North America frozen foods business and one in our European cereal business. These are high-return projects that require very little cash upfront and will start delivering savings by late this year. All of this is contemplated in our guidance. And even after deploying some of the savings into growth-oriented investments, particularly behind snacks and emerging markets, these actions enabled us to get to our medium-term operating profit margin of 15% by 2026, a little earlier than we had previously indicated, while also progressing on our strategy's ambition to deliver best-in-class service through agile, flexible supply chain. Our focus is also on growing the right way, and Slide number 10 shows some of the ways our Better Days Promise program manifested itself during the fourth quarter. We unveiled new more ambitious targets for Kellanova, sustained our legacy of helping our communities and link these activities to our commercial endeavors, and we continue to be recognized for our efforts. So now let me turn it over to Amit, who will walk you through our financials before I come back and discuss each of our businesses in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Slide Number 12 summarizes our results for the fourth quarter and full year for Kellanova. As John indicated, the year-on-year growth rates are based on recast results for the four quarters of 2022 and the first three quarters of 2023. As you can see, our results for the quarter came in above the guidance we had provided, and they complete a full year in which we maintained our focus on delivering consistent, on algorithm results even amidst the incremental work of executing the spinoff. Net sales increased by about 7% on an organic and recast basis in quarter four, featuring decelerating volume declines and price mix growth that is moderating as we lap significant revenue growth management actions in the prior year. For the full year, Kellanova's organic net sales growth was about 8%, well above our long-term growth target. Operating profit in quarter four increased by 30% on an adjusted and currency-neutral basis and comparing against a recast 2022. This was driven by the solid top line growth as well as by a restoration of our underlying gross profit margin and reimbursement for expenses related to transition services we are providing to W.K. Kellogg Company. For the full year, Kellanova's operating profit increased by 18% on the same recast basis. Even taking into account the year-over-year impact of expense reimbursement for transition services, provided to WKKC in quarter four, 2023, which did not exist in the year earlier quarter, our year-on-year growth in operating profit was still in double digits for the quarter and the year, well ahead of our long-term target. Earnings per share on an adjusted and currency-neutral basis increased by about 19% year-on-year in quarter four and by 7% year-to-date as strong operating profit performance more than covered significant headwinds from macroeconomic factors that drove up interest expense and pull down pension income. Finally, free cash flow came in higher than we had expected in quarter four, finishing the year at $968 million. Free cash flow is not recast for discontinued operations. So the decrease from last year's solely related to onetime outlays related to the spin-off and the absence of North America cereals cash flow in the fourth quarter. Now let's take a look at each metric in closer detail starting with our net sales growth on Slide Number 13. As expected, price elasticities continue to rise around the world in quarter four, putting pressure on volume though this volume, again, came in better than projected due to better performance in our emerging markets. Price/mix continued to moderate sequentially from recent quarters as expected as we lap some of our largest revenue growth management actions last year. The result was another quarter of elevated organic net sales growth, though, to be clear, about half of that came from our Africa joint ventures where substantial pricing is needed to cover devaluing currency and shipments were unusually strong. That said, even excluding that business, we sustained organic growth that was in line with our long-term target. Moving across to the nonorganic drivers of net sales, the divestiture of our Russia business, which occurred in July, clipped about a percentage point from our overall net sales growth in quarter four, just as it did in quarter three. Foreign currency translation was a headwind of about negative six percentage points in quarter four and about negative four percentage points for the full year. This reflected primarily the Nigerian Naira, which continued to devalue during the fourth quarter and was only partially offset by strength in the euro, pound sterling and Mexican peso. While we don't provide guidance on foreign exchange rates, if today's rates held for the year, we would likely experience an impact on net sales that is similar to the impact that we saw in quarter four. Now let's discuss our profit margin recovery, starting with gross profit on Slide Number 14. In quarter four, we continue to grow gross profit and restore gross profit margins. As in the previous quarters, this restoration of margins was aided by revenue growth management, productivity and improved supply and service levels. In addition, the other half of the quarter's margin expansion was driven by reimbursement of expenses related to transition services provided to WKKC, which did not exist in the year ago quarter. You’ll notice that at 34% in quarter four, Kellanova's gross margin is structurally higher than Kellogg Company's margin, and it continued to come in higher than we had anticipated. We expect to continue to improve gross margin in 2024. Turning to Slide Number 15, we see that in quarter four and the full year, we also grew operating profit, driven by growth in net sales and the higher gross profit margin. Meantime, operating profit margin improved year-on-year in quarter four and the full year. Remember, the 12.3% margin you see for 2023 is recast for discontinued operations so it does not include reimbursement for transition service expenses during the first three quarters. We expect our operating profit margin to reach 14% in 2024. Moving down the income statement, Slide Number 16 shows how our adjusted basis earnings per share growth in 2023, even on a recast basis fell the year-on-year effects of macro-related headwinds within our non-operating, below-the-line items. These below-the-line pressures were expected and were experienced year-on-year in quarter four and the full year, even comparing to a recast 2022, and for all the reasons we have discussed previously. Foreign currency translation was modestly positive to earnings per share in 2023, including quarter four as strength in European and Mexican currencies more than offset what is a relatively small impact from Nigeria naira at the EPS level. Recall that due to our ownership structure, while the naira had a large impact on net sales its impact on operating profit and EPS is much smaller. Turning to Slide number 17. We are pleased with our cash flow generation and balance sheet. Noting that we have not recast free cash flow for discontinued items, we finished 2023 only modestly below 2022. Despite the absence of the spun-off North America cereal cash flows for a quarter, and despite one-time cash outlays related to the spin-off. In fact, the combination of these spin-off factors amounted to about $300 million of negative impact. If you added that back, you can see that our free cash flow would have come in above 2022 levels. Our balance sheet after the transfer of net debt to WKKC remains solid with debt leverage remaining well below our targeted ratio of net debt to trailing EBITDA of 3x. Now let's discuss our 2024 guidance shown on Slide number 18. The 2023 base is recast for discontinued operations. And because these figures may differ from WKKC carve-out figures and our internal management figures, we've chosen to continue to provide you with absolute dollar guidance for operating profit and earnings per share in 2024. After all, 2024 is what is really important as it is the first full year in our current P&L structure. Let's go through each metric. For net sales, we affirm our guidance for growth within our long-term targeted range, specifically calling for a 3% growth or better in 2024. Across most of our businesses, price mix growth will moderate as we continue to lap prior actions and industry-wide elasticities will fade gradually during the year. The exception is Nigeria where currency influence pricing actions will likely continue, which we assume produce meaningful elasticity impact on volume. Organic growth, of course, excludes currency translation, which based on today's exchange rates, would be a headwind of 5% to 6%. For adjusted basis operating profit, we continue to provide absolute dollar guidance because year-on-year growth rate can be impacted by discontinued operations accounting. We are affirming the range of $1.85 billion to $1.9 billion. This incorporates a negative impact from currency translation, which based on today's exchange rates, would be approximately 2%, versus recast 2023 figures, this implies growth in operating profit in the mid-teens. After taking into account the year-over-year impact of expense reimbursement for transition services provided to WKKC for four quarters in 2024 versus only in the fourth quarter in 2023, this year-on-year growth is still in the mid single-digits, solidly on our long-term target. Our guidance implies continued margin expansion as an improving gross profit margin more than offsets a strong increase in brand investment. We expect to reach a 14% operating margin in 2024. Adjusted basis, earnings per share is still expected to be in the range of $3.55 to $3.65. We make no change to our previously communicated expectation for an increase in our effective tax rate to 23%. Our outlook for interest expense is about $310 million and we expect other income to be around $50 million. And we are affirming our outlook for free cash flow of approximately $1 billion with year-on-year growth driven by operating profit partially offset by capital expenditure temporarily elevated for expanded Pringles capacity in emerging markets and modest cash outlays related to our two network optimization projects. These network optimization projects are addressed on Slide number 19. At our Day@K Investor event in August, we cited network optimization as one of the drivers of our margin expansion, and we are now ready to discuss specific initiatives. The two projects we are announcing today are both high return projects. Only about half of the project's upfront costs are cash even before asset sales and the projects collectively become cash neutral by 2025. In 2024, specifically, upfront costs will amount to about $160 million with less than $40 million of that in cash, and this has been incorporated into our cash flow guidance. Savings for the project start very quickly with a small portion of the overall $75 million coming as soon as the second half of 2024. And this too is incorporated into our guidance. In fact, this is a contributor to our operating profit margin expanding to 14% this year, as implied by our operating profit guidance. Importantly, with this announcement, we can also now be more specific about the timing of our medium-term goal of a 15% operating margin. We expect to reach that margin in 2026. So let's summarize our financial condition on Slide number 20. In what was our debut quarter as Kellanova, our fourth quarter results came in as guided from net sales to earnings per share. The business remains in good shape with margin restoration proceeding ahead of pace and volume performance on a path of gradual improvement. Consequently, we have affirmed our guidance for 2024, even amidst challenging industry and macroeconomic conditions. Our medium-term goal of attaining a 15% operating profit margin has been accelerated to 2026 as ongoing margin expansion drivers are now augmented by network optimization initiatives, which get started this year subject to consultation. And we continue to generate strong free cash flow that, along with our deleveraged balance sheet gives us financial flexibility. This flexibility has been on display in the form of opportunistic share buybacks during quarter four and in our decision to elevate capital investment to expand capacity for our rapidly growing Pringles business. So we enter 2024 in a strong financial condition. Let me now turn it back to Steve for a run-through of our businesses around the world.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. Slide number 22 splits our portfolio into category groups to help remind you of their relative sizes and growth rates. This view shows you how much each category group contributed to our strong organic net sales growth in the quarter and for the full year. Now let’s review each of our regions, which are our reporting segments. We’ll start with Kellanova North America and Slide number 23. North America’s fourth quarter results continued to show the impact of rising elasticities across all of our categories. Recall that we entered 2023 with low service levels due to economy-wide bottlenecks and shortages, and therefore we elected to launch less innovation and to return to merchandising only after we were strongly confident that service levels had returned to normal levels. This, in conjunction with category elasticity, suddenly and rapidly rising, negatively impacted our volumes, particularly in the second half. Despite lapping an unusually strong year earlier period, North America’s operating profit grew strongly year-on-year in the fourth quarter. Even accounting for the reimbursement of expenses related to transition services provided to WKKC in this year’s quarter four, North America’s operating profit grew in the mid-single digits year-on-year, continuing to restore underlying gross profit margin and operating profit margin by more than projected. So in spite of slowing categories and amidst the organization undergoing significant change related to the spin-off, North America again delivered financially. Within its key category groups, we can see the deceleration in top line growth caused by the rising elasticities. Slide number 24 shows our North America snacks business, which experienced slowing category growth rates during the year. Volume growth rates in our categories did not worsen in the fourth quarter, though elasticities continued to edge higher. We continued to feel the impact of less innovation year-on-year, particularly in crackers, and this will be addressed in 2024 when we return to a full innovation launch calendar. And we did see year-on-year increases in display activity and our return to merchandising and improving quality of displays will continue to gain traction as we head into the new year. It was a similar story in frozen foods shown on Slide number 25. Along with the frozen breakfast category, Eggo’s consumption turned to a decline in the fourth quarter on rising elasticities. Morningstar Farms continued to gain share, but in a declining veg, vegan category. We believe these conditions are transitory for both categories and expect better performance in 2024. So let’s talk about what to expect from North America in 2024, indicated on Slide number 26. First with supply impediments well behind us, we are returning to full commercial activity in 2024. This starts with a full slate of innovation launches and it includes a full year of robust merchandising and display activity. We will also continue to support our focus brands with increased brand building investment. The results should be improved in market performance and a gradual return to volume growth. And if you have been watching the Pop Tarts bowl and Cheez-It bowl, as well as the upcoming Pringles activation for Sunday’s big game are good examples of how we plan to show up in 2024. Now let’s turn to Kellanova Europe and Slide number 27. Here we finished the year with another strong quarter, yet again delivering organic net sales growth on top of prior year growth. In a market that is extremely price sensitive, we were again able to realize double-digit price mix growth through effective revenue growth management actions though elasticities did rise, impacting volume. Our organic net sales growth was 10% in the quarter and 9% for the full year. Europe delivered strong operating profit growth in the fourth quarter and full year. Granted, this was lapping a sharp year ago decline, but it did feature strong top line growth and better margin recovery than expected, getting its operating profit margin back to flat for the full year. On Slide number 28, you can see that snacks, which represent over half of our sales in Kellanova Europe, continued to lead our growth in this region. Our double-digit organic growth in net sales both in the quarter and for the full year was across all of our major sub regions. Revenue growth management actions drove the growth while volume declines remained relatively modest. The salty snacks category has slowed but remained in high-single digit growth across key markets and Pringles in the fourth quarter was tracking the gain share led by the UK and Spain. In portable wholesome snacks, we have managed to outpace the category in the UK and Italy. In cereals shown on Slide number 29, you can see that we grew net sales organically in the quarter. This too was led by revenue growth management actions, while elasticities have been running higher in this category than in our snacks categories. We finished 2023 with organic net sales growth of about 1%. Slide number 30 points to some elements to watch for in Europe in 2024. We expect to deliver a 7th consecutive year of organic growth. The growth will be led by snacks with Pringles continuing to be supported with innovation and brand building and portable wholesome snacks in key markets, notably Pop Tarts and Rice Krispies Squares. We’re also excited about launching Cheez-It in key European markets in the second half. In cereal, our focus will be on optimizing our cereal portfolio in conjunction with the manufacturing network optimization that we’re commencing this year. Now let’s look at our emerging markets regions, starting with Latin America on Slide number 31. In the fourth quarter, Latin America’s net sales grew 5% on an organic and recast basis, with volume declines moderating even in spite of sizable impact from our SKU rationalization and price pack architecture initiatives. The region finished the year with strong 8% organic net sales growth. Operating profit declined in the fourth quarter against a substantial year earlier gain, but despite some incremental investments and transitory cost pressures, it finished the full year with 8% growth on an adjusted and currency neutral basis. Slide number 32 shows that our snack sales were flat on an organic basis in the fourth quarter, comparing against a notably strong year earlier period. Pringles continued to perform well. End market data show sustained double-digit category growth for our major salty snacks markets, with Pringles gaining share in Brazil and holding share in Mexico. And we continue to outpace the portable wholesome snacks category in Mexico, though we did see rising elasticities in cookies in Brazil. Our Latin America snacks business finished the full year with 7% organic net sales growth. In Latin America cereals shown on Slide number 33, our organic net sales growth was strong in the quarter and for the full year. Specifically, sales grew 10% in the quarter and finished the full year with 9% growth. Cereal category consumption growth has held up in the mid to high-single digits across much of the region and we gained share in Mexico. As we look to 2024, a few things to watch for in Latin America are shown on Slide number 34. We expect a seven straight year of organic net sales growth. The growth should be led by snacks, particularly behind Pringles innovation and distribution expansion, and we also expect good growth in cereal. Margins should improve, reflecting price pack architecture and other RGM initiatives and operating efficiencies, as well as moderating input cost pressures. Slide number 35 shows the financial performance of our EMEA region. This region sustained its strong momentum in the fourth quarter when organic net sales growth reaccelerated to 22% on a combination of price mix growth and volume growth led by Africa. For the full year, our organic net sales growth was 17%. Now, obviously a large portion of this currency neutral growth came from Nigeria, where currency devaluation necessitated significant pricing actions. Nevertheless, the rest of EMEA posted solid growth in the quarter as well. Margins continued to recover year-on-year and operating profit grew 25% in the quarter on an adjusted and currency neutral basis in spite of substantially higher brand investment and despite lapping strong prior year growth, its operating profit increased by 20% for the full year. Within EMEA, we see on Slide number 36 that snacks grew organically at a double-digit pace in the fourth quarter and for the full year. This growth was led by Pringles in emerging markets across Asia, Africa and the Middle East, as well as in more developed markets like Australia, Korea and Japan. Pringles continued to gain share overall, principally due to outperformance in Thailand, Australia and Japan. In cereal shown on Slide number 37, we sustained organic growth, posting 4% growth in the fourth quarter and 6% growth for the full year. This was led by emerging markets in Africa, the Middle East and Asia. And we finish with noodles and other shown on Slide number 38. Revenue growth management actions continued to be taken in Nigeria as we try to keep up with weakened currencies, but volume also grew in the double digits in the fourth quarter, reflecting the strength of our brands and our execution as well as timing of shipments. Meanwhile, we also continued to expand our Kellogg's noodles business outside of Nigeria and this also contributed to our volume growth in the quarter. We expect EMEA to sustain momentum into 2024, as discussed on Slide number 39. To deliver the region's 17 straight year of organic net sales growth, we expect to see strong growth if moderating from 2023 rates in noodles and other. We expect to see sustained momentum in snacks led by Pringles, and we expect to sustain growth in cereal led by emerging markets. Margin expansion should continue led by our businesses outside of Nigeria. In those markets, input cost pressures are finally moderating and productivity and operating leverage continue to contribute positively. So let me summarize with Slide number 41. Simply put, the Kellanova era is off to a good start. We've executed well the spinoff and the post-spinoff operations, including transition services and we delivered our initial quarter ahead of our expectations. We're now shifting back to a focus on demand generation after a few years of supply focus. We're very excited about our 2024 commercial plans, which feature a return to a full complement of innovation, brand building, merchandising, as well as sustaining momentum and scale building in our emerging markets. We're also pleased with our progress and plans for restoring and expanding profit margins, which has proceeded faster than we had anticipated. Our outlook for 2024, first shared with you as far back as last August remains intact, calling for another year of on algorithm sales and profit growth. And we're not sitting still. We're already creating the future. For instance, we are adding much needed capacity for Pringles in emerging markets. The international expansion of Cheez-It continues with launches coming in Europe, and we are commencing network optimization initiatives that will both expand margins and fuel growth investments. In sum, we are on track and ready to deliver as Kellanova and the future certainly is bright. Of course, none of this would be possible without the grit and skill of our supremely talented Kellanova employees, all of whom are as determined as ever to differentiate, drive and deliver. And now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session with publishing analysts. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question for today comes from Peter Galbo of Bank of America. Peter, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just first a comment. Hopefully, the edible Pop Tarts is going to make his way down to CAGNY. I think a lot of people would enjoy that.
Steve Cahillane: Peter, he didn't survive the bowl game, in case you weren't watching.
Peter Galbo: We'll have to find another one, Steve. Amit, just to clarify your comments on the guidance understanding organic sales, the plus three, and I think you said it, current rates, a headwind of 5% to 6% on top line from FX. The operating profit range, though, the dollar range. Did I hear you correctly that that included a 2 point hit or is that in addition. So we should be taking that into consideration on the dollar range? Thanks very much.
Amit Banati: Yes. Peter, that does include the – operating profit does include the currency headwind, so just confirming that. Like I mentioned, it's approximately around 2% at today's rates. So that 2% is built into the dollar numbers that we've given.
Peter Galbo: Great. And that's the same on EPS as well, the 2%.
Amit Banati: Yes.
Peter Galbo: Perfect. Okay. Thanks very much.
Amit Banati: EPS is probably slightly lesser.
Peter Galbo: Yes. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of TD Cowen. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hey, thank you for the question. As Steve, you called out a return to stronger innovation in North America and normal merchandising activity. Can you give us a sense of the phasing throughout the year like the retail tracking data looks very, very weak in the U.S. Is that due to a comparison to the prior year? Or does it just going to take a while for your innovation and merchandising to get you back to your normal growth rate?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. It’s going to – Rob, thanks for the question. It’s going to be throughout the year. Really, we started with displays coming back to prior years, better than prior year in the fourth quarter. In the first quarter, we’re going to see the quality of those displays improving. That will continue into the second quarter as well. And just to remind you, 2023 was a year of pullback on innovation, culling of SKUs, clearly focused on supply and making sure that we could have that supply in the market. In the U.S., though, for example, we’ve got Pringles Harvest Blends, which we brought in the second half of 2023. We’ve got Cheez-It innovations, Cheez-It Crunchy, which is hitting now. We’ve got Pop-Tarts crunchy poppers. We’ve got innovations around Nutri-Grain. We’ve got a Rice Krispies Treats with peanut butter. We’ve just got many more innovations than we’ve had in prior years, and that will roll throughout the year. We’ve also got distribution growing where it had been declining. So you should see momentum growing really starting now and picking up all through the year. And that gives us really good confidence in the top-line guide that we gave. The other thing I’d add, Rob, is a higher brand building investment as well, which we phased into the first half of this year as well to really drive that quality to display and that quality merchandising.
Robert Moskow: So when do you think we’ll see like the top-line growth really show up in the retail tracking? Is it going to be like third quarter kind of thing? Or could it happen as early as 2Q?
Steve Cahillane: There’s not really an inflection point per se. I think you’re going to see a cumulative improvement with probably the third quarter being the one where it be most notable and then we’ll exit the year with lots of momentum. So it will be cumulative throughout the year and growing from the second into the third quarter.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo. Chris, your line is now open and please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hi good morning and thank you for the question. So, I just wanted to touch on this innovation and merchandising comment again and just trying to contextualize 2023. Can you maybe just help understand 2023 market share performance between say, some of your brand – or some of your extension innovations, say, your base business relative to innovations that you had done through the year that perhaps received less support or, or less merchandising. Really just trying to understand is it the core were – where you’re starting to see some of the share erosion? Or was it some of the newer products that you had launched in 2023 that perhaps didn’t get as much support and going into 2024, those are really the opportunities for you to kind of recapture some of this relative share momentum.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Chris. So it really – it’s not – it’s much less the core than it is some of the innovations that we really didn’t support with quality display merchandising. And so if you look at Cheez-It, the Snap’d and Puff’d, and if you were to look at the cases on display for those dramatically down as we focused on the core supply. And we have owned it. We returned to merchandising later than our competitors. We were more conservative when it came to that merchandising overly focused on making sure that we had high 90s fill rates before we return to merchandising. So that’s what you see in the share. We don’t see any deterioration in our brand health. In fact, we see our brand health really at very high watermarks across Cheez-It, Pringles, Pop-Tarts, Rice Krispies Treats. And so that gives us the confidence to talk about the quality of merchandising returning and our share performance improving as we go throughout 2024, again, coupled with more brand investments in the first half of the year. When you look at our brand investment, we never – we didn’t pull back in 2023. We publish advertising only on a full year basis. You’ll see advertising up in 2023, that’s going to continue into 2024.
Chris Carey: Okay. So really, we should be looking at the strength of additional innovation, adding to market share performance with maybe the base business being a little bit of an uplift as well. Okay, and then…
Steve Cahillane: Yes, that’s right, because I mean, the comparisons are going to be against the year where we really didn’t innovate and now we’re getting back to kind of pre-COVID levels of innovation.
Chris Carey: Right, right. Okay. And then just from a competitive standpoint, can you maybe just give any context for what you’re seeing in the environment from a pricing and promotion standpoint. And then I think one of the categories where promotion – or excuse me, competitive activity is especially what it’s been on the Eggo business. So maybe you can just provide a high level thoughts on competition and maybe just drill down on that specific business? Thanks.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So you’re probably asking about the U.S., the frequency of promotions continues to return to pre-pandemic levels, so 2019 levels. The depth of those promotions is really kind of back to approaching those levels off a higher base. And so I’d say the whole market is pretty benign and stable. You don’t see – I’ve heard some of the noise around because volumes are down, is there going to be high levels of discounting and increased frequency of promotion. We’re not really seeing that. For us, we’re getting – we’re trying to get back to the pre-2019 levels, as I’ve mentioned a couple of times now in terms of frequency to drive quality promotional displays. But not seeing anything other than that really.
Chris Carey: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Palmer of Citi. Tom, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Good morning and thanks for the question. Wanted to maybe just kick off on operating profit. At the Investor Day, you laid out some dollar expectations by segment. Obviously, several months have passed and some segments have maybe done better or tracking better than you’d anticipated and some maybe not quite so maybe just an update there. Are there any real changes as I think – as we think about kind of the operating profit distribution across those segments versus what you had laid out?
Amit Banati: Yes. At the Day at K, we had kind of given you the absolute dollar guidance just to kind of help set up your models. I think we don’t intend to provide regional guidance going forward on an ongoing basis. But that said, I would say that all the regions for 2024, we’d expect them to be within their long-term algorithms growth rates that we had shared at Day at K.
Tom Palmer: Okay, thank you. And then on the reorganization announcement today for the frozen and cereal businesses, what drove the decision to make these changes? I mean, presumably neither is linked directly to the cereal spin off, but was the timing at all related to kind of increased bandwidth now that the spin has been wrapped up?
Steve Cahillane: There’s a little bit of that, but really it’s more. If you think about what we’ve been through as an industry focused on supply, focused on getting through the pandemic, focused on bottlenecks and shortages, the ability to really dedicate resources towards effectiveness programs and efficiency programs like this was challenging. And so we’re through that right now, and we see good opportunities in the frozen business. So we’ll be closing a plant and moving production to our more efficient plants in the UK, subject to consultation. We’ve got our Manchester plant, which is a very large plant, which is underutilized. We can move that production into two facilities. So straightforward programs in terms of the type of efficiencies they’ll drive. We’re confident that they’re terrific programs. But it’s really a matter of having the bandwidth pre or post pandemic, post bottlenecks and shortages that will allow us to ongoing look for programs like this to continue to drive effectiveness and efficiency.
Tom Palmer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Jefferies. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks a lot. It’s just – first question, I heard you mention increased global distribution in certain power brands, let’s call them, some in Europe this year, maybe in some other cities in Asia. Could you just kind of briefly discuss, add some color as to like what could be the opportunity there with a brand like Cheez-It and kind of what the timing is of that non-U.S. distribution?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Rob. We get asked a lot, why is Cheez-It primarily a U.S. brand? Why not expand it 10 years ago? And I think that’s a fair question. The company was very busy expanding Pringles around the world. And you see, obviously now it’s a global brand growing all around the world, recognized everywhere. And that’s the long-term ambition for something like Cheez-It, which is the next out of the gate. But you start with Cheese [ph]. And we launched in Canada, we launched in Brazil and Mexico, and this year, the back half of the year, we’ll be launching in major markets in Europe. And so it’s a long-term play. It’s in our guidance, it’s not really – it’s not going to be a material driver of top line. But five years from now, it’s going to be a much bigger brand internationally than it is today. And that’s really the plan. We learned from the Canada launch. We applied those learnings to Brazil, then to Mexico, and we’ve got a terrific plan for the back half of the year in Europe. And so it’s a long-term play. Then you look at the rest of our portfolio. Rice Krispies Treats is already a multi-country brand, growing nicely in Europe, growing nicely in Australia and New Zealand. You look at Pop-Tarts, there’s potentially room for that to be an international brand down the road. So we look at our portfolio, we like what we see in terms of international expansion, but we’re going to do it in a very prudent and pragmatic and practical way to drive long-term growth.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Super. And then maybe just a very simple, quick follow-up. I heard you say, expect gross margin to improve for the year. Could you just maybe provide us with kind of how you’re viewing the cost side of the equation, COGS inputs is that deflationary? And then kind of given some of the commentary around maybe more positive volumes in the back half, should we be expecting also maybe a little bit better gross margin back half year-over-year relative to the first half year-over-year? Thanks.
Amit Banati: Gross margins have come in better than expected, and so I think the supply chain is performing well. We’re seeing costs come out of the supply chain that had gone in the last couple of years. In quarter four, first quarter of Kellanova, our gross margin came in at 34%, and we’d expect that in 2024, we’d be approaching 35%. So that’s kind of the outlook for the year. So pleased with the progress that we are making, and certainly the progress that we’re making the gross margins is ahead of what we had shared at Day at K. That’s allowed us to continue to be on our guidance on an operating profit basis. I think in terms of the drivers, you’ll obviously have the benefit of wraparound pricing and some continued revenue growth management into this year. The input costs, I would say deflationary on commodities, a couple of commodities continue to be inflationary, net-net slightly deflationary. You look at labor and other parts of our supply chain where there is inflation overall, I'd say costs are broadly neutral. So that combination should drive continued progress on gross margin. And I think it'll be fairly balanced across the quarters. We'd expect our A&P to be more front loaded as we get back to full innovation. But the gross margin progress should be fairly balanced across the quarters.
Rob Dickerson: All right, super. That's great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Max Gumport of BNP Paribas. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Max Gumport: Hey. Thanks for the question. With regard to the comment about all regions being within their long-term algo in 2024. Was that just on operating profit or does that apply to organic net sales, too?
Amit Banati: I think to organic net sales as well.
Max Gumport: Okay. And then as a follow-up, so for North America that would be low-single digits to mid-single digits. Can you just walk through the drivers of what's getting North America to organic sales growth in 2024, particularly given the decline we just saw in 4Q and the weakness that was addressed in the scanner trends that we're seeing? Thanks.
Amit Banati: Yes. North America. I'll just start. North America will probably be towards the low end of that range, so probably more low-single digit. But as Steve elaborated, its return to merchandising, innovation, all of that should result in low-single digit growth in North America.
Max Gumport: Got it. And then last one for me. The shipment timing in EMEA that you called out, should we expect that to reverse at all in 1Q? And can you just go over what happened there exactly in terms of the African util shipment benefit? Thanks.
Amit Banati: Yes. So a couple of things driving the strong volume growth in EMEA, and it was all in Africa JVs. One is we are expanding our noodles business across the continent in South Africa as well as in Egypt. So we're seeing strong volume growth. And that expansion is seeing good traction in terms of share and leading share positions in South Africa as well as in Egypt. So that's a source of volume growth, and that will continue in 2024. I think in Nigeria specifically, we've had to take a lot of pricing given what's happened with the currency and the elasticities have been pretty good and better than expected. There has been some ordering by our customers at older prices. So you're seeing acceleration of the orders to take benefit of the oil pricing. And in an environment where you're taking successive price increases, you kind of see that timing of shipments play through. Hard to kind of predict when that would unwind because as you know, the currency is devalued further in January, and we'd be taking further pricing. But we'd expect that to adjust during the course of 2024.
Max Gumport: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you and good morning.
Amit Banati: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Lavery: Just wanted to start on margins. On Slide 19 you show the progression to the 15%. But the starting point for 2023, you have at 12%. That similar slide at Investor Day was at 13%, I guess just first, was – is that just straining the costs from the recast because I think WK Kellogg's margins would have been lower. So is it straining costs that drive that? Or is there something else that pushed the starting point down? And then conversely with obviously you being just as confident or more in getting to the 15% and maybe sooner is the network optimization, the key piece of that? Or are there other puts and takes we should keep in mind as well?
Amit Banati: Yes. So just on the 12% versus the 13% at Day@K, they are on a different basis. So the 12% that you see right now is on the discontinued operations basis, which is – we've now done that work, and that's what we'll be reporting against. The 13%, which we had given at Day@K was an internal management estimate, and really the difference is the 12% does not include reimbursement for the first nine months, the TSA reimbursements for services that we're providing to WKKC, that's the way the discontinued operations accounting works. So that's really the difference between the 12% and the 13%. And I think, like I said, we expect in 2024 to be at 14% margin, so very pleased with that, obviously. And I think that's structurally higher than where we were as Kellogg's. And I think it's just a proof point of higher growth and higher profit portfolio that we have in Kellanova. And then I think to our confidence in getting to the 15% margin by 2026, yes, the network optimization projects are a contributing factor. And we'll continue to look at further opportunities but all the other drivers, advantage brands, our Top 5 brands have higher margins. They are 50% of our sales. We'd expect them to grow faster, scale in emerging markets, getting back to a full productivity program in our supply chain, some continued revenue growth management. All of those would also be contributing factors to get to that 15%.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. And you mentioned the Finsar services agreement as a key piece of how to think about 2024, EBIT. Can you give us a sense of how much that's got a fixed component versus variable? Or just a little bit of how that might be structured?
Amit Banati: Yes. So it's about $40 million to $50 million a quarter, right? So it will flow through all of 2024. I think as we stop providing those services to WKKC and as WKKC contracts for those services directly, those costs will drop off from Kellanova and the reimbursement will drop off as well. So the vast majority, as this thing kind of concludes, right, as we step down from the TSAs, we'd expect the cost to stop and the reimbursement to stop. I mean, I think a good example of that is warehousing. Right now, the warehousing, we are providing the warehousing. So we are incurring the costs and then WKKC is reimbursing that to us. Once the TSA is done, they'll have their own warehousing and they'll pay for the warehousing cost directly. So the cost will stop, the reimbursement will stop. Is it a 100% 1:1? No. But I think the vast majority of that is variable. There is a small fixed element. And I think we've got plans to address that, and that's included in the 15% by size target?
Michael Lavery: That's really helpful color. I just wanted to make sure I understand it. When you were talking about the $1,850 to $1,900 EBIT guide and the comparisons that would fall in that – it sounds like some of the TSA drove, I think you said on a mid-teens growth rate, where without that, it'd be about mid-single digit. So is that 40 to 50, is there margin on that? Or how does it contribute to EBIT if it's just a reimbursement?
Amit Banati: No, I think it's just timing because the growth rate – so when you look at 2024, right, we are getting reimbursement for all four quarters. In 2023, we got reimbursement only in quarter four because that was when the spin happened. So the reason why it's in the teens growth rate is in 2024, you've got four quarters in 2023, you've got one quarter. So it's purely because of the way the timing of the spin and the difference coming from there.
Michael Lavery: And a portion of the comparison in the recast numbers not have. Okay, that's perfect. Thank you so much.
Amit Banati: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. 
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. I just wanted to make sure 100% because I think I'm still getting some questions about this. And you mentioned, Amit, that the operating profit number, the one -- the $1,850 to $1,900 does include the headwind of 2% from FX. In the press release, it does say though that these impacts and you're talking about mark-to-market adjustments and foreign currency translation are not included in the guidance provided. Am I just misinterpreting one of those? Or they seem to be in content with each other, but I'm sure I'm just missing something?
John Renwick: Yes, Ken, sorry, it's just that our guidance is typically on growth rates, which are currency neutral. So the table just has that always, but we've elected to go with absolute dollars just to help you model, so ignore the labeling. There is a little bit of that currency impact that Amit talked about in those absolute figures.
Ken Goldman: Perfect. Thank you for that clarification. And then not to harp too much on the reimbursements, but – is it – and I know you're not going to talk explicitly about 2025 yet, but it would seem that if you're getting a, I don't know, roughly $140 million benefit in 2024, that some of that kind of goes away because you didn't have – and again, it's not exactly maybe that much, it could depend on the timing of everything. But is it fair to say you'll have some kind of headwind in 2025 as those roll off. Again, with the caveat that it's too early to really discuss specifics.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think there are costs which we are getting reimbursed. So I wouldn't characterize it as a benefit. We're incurring the cost on behalf of WKKC as part of the services we are providing them, and they are reimbursing us for those expenses that we are incurring. We would expect those expenses to drop off. And there's no markup on the service – so we would expect those expenses to drop off and then the reimbursement to drop off now is it a one-to-one? Not completely, but I'd say the vast majority of those – and I think like I mentioned in the warehouse example, that warehouse right now, we are paying for it, and we get reimbursement. Once they drop off, they'll pay for it directly.
Ken Goldman: No, I get that. I think – and I'll ask this off-line. I think I'm more asking about the growth percentage. I'll ask it offline. I know – what type of clarification. Thank you. 
Amit Banati: The growth percentage is related to the timing.
Ken Goldman: Yes. No I get it. I'll ask later. It's not worth holding it up the call for it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I will now pass back to John Renwick for any concluding remarks.
John Renwick: Okay. Well, that is up to 10:30. If you do have follow-up questions, please do not hesitate to call us. And thank you everyone, for your interest.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-08 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Kellanova Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session with publishing analysts. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellanova Company. Please go ahead.
John Renwick : Thank you, operator. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our third quarter results when we were Kellogg Company and a discussion of our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2023, during which we will be post spin-off Kellanova. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amit Banati, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Slide number 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellanova's future performance, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of www.kellanova.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. Please note that we will have discontinued operations impacts to Kellanova's historical financial statements available during our fourth quarter earnings release in February 2024. Until then, any commentary about Kellanova performance is based on estimates and should therefore be viewed as directional. And now I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Cahillane : Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. While our quarter three results predated the spin-off, it is exciting to be talking to you as Kellanova for the first time. It bears reminding that Kellanova is a strengthened portfolio with the business, brands and geographies that make Kellanova a global snacks-led powerhouse. As shown on Slide number 5, over 80% of our annual net sales comes from snacks and emerging markets, both of which have been and will continue to be above-average growth categories and markets. Half of our net sales come from five highly differentiated brands, Pringles, Cheez-It, Pop-Tarts, Rice Krispie Treats and Eggo, that offer above-average growth and accretive economics. And we generate half of our revenue from outside of the United States and Canada, giving us geographic diversification, global reach, access to fast-growing emerging markets and the opportunity to expand big United States brands into international markets. And when you see temporary softness in one market, it can be offset elsewhere, which is precisely what we saw in the third quarter. Kellanova is also a company with a sharpened strategy, one that better suits a global snacking powerhouse, while still emphasizing the capabilities that enable us to win in the marketplace, protect our planet and serve our communities, and deliver attractive and dependable financial returns. This strategy appropriately called differentiate, drive and deliver is shown on Slide number 6. But before we enter the Kellanova era, let's talk about our final quarter as Kellogg Company on Slide number 7. We turned in another good performance in the third quarter. Organic net sales growth was sustained at an on-algorithm pace despite a challenging environment marked by a financially strained consumer and the long-awaited return toward normal levels of elasticities. We're pleased with our continued restoration of gross profit margins. As service levels have returned to normal levels, productivity initiatives are delivering savings and pricing has caught up with input cost inflation. And this enabled us to deliver above-algorithm growth in operating profit even as we increased our brand building at a double-digit rate. Our free cash flow was strong, ahead of last year, even with upfront outlays related to the spin-off. And speaking of the spin-off, we executed it with excellence. So it was another busy and successful quarter, and we are heading into the Kellanova era from a position of strength. Externally, the focus lately has been less about our improved portfolio strategy and long-term growth prospects and much more about current industry dynamics. Fair enough, but I would remind everyone that most of what we are seeing today from decelerating cost inflation to restoration of service levels and margins, to a return to normal levels of elasticities have been in our budget, our guidance and our commentary for quite some time. This is illustrated on slide number 8. The decelerated net sales growth was inevitable because after significant cumulative price increases, including right through the second quarter of 2023, there was going to be a return to typical levels of elasticities in our industry. And across our categories and across our regions, we have seen this rise in elasticities every quarter this year. We don't think this is about price gaps over private label, which largely remain below 2019 levels. And the relatively small shares of private label in our categories remain around their 2019 levels. We did have a couple of additional factors that impacted our volumes in the quarter, but again, these were anticipated. One was lapping trade inventory replenishment from last year, notably in North America cereal and snacks and the other, also in North America, was our decision to delay merchandising activity earlier this year in order to gain full confidence in our return to high service levels, particularly given the lead time required for quality display activity. This caused us some volume in the second and third quarter. But by the latter part of quarter three, we had returned in merchandising, and we expect quality display activity to follow. In short, these conditions and timing differences will pass. Our brand-building investment is increasing. We are returning to merchandising, and we are ramping back up our innovation. We will return to more balanced volume and price/mix within our net sales growth over time, accompanied by sustained improvement in profit margins. Meantime, our brands remain in great shape. And our focus remains on growing our biggest, most differentiated brands around the world. Shown on slide number 9, these brands accounted for half of Kellanova's net sales in 2022 and a little more than that so far in 2023 as their growth continues to outpace the rest of the portfolio. In the quarter and year-to-date periods, we increased brand-building investment behind these advantaged brands at strong double-digit rates year-on-year, faster than the rest of the portfolio. As we prioritize investment behind these brands, we expect them to continue to lead our growth and contribute positively to margin mix. Our focus is also on growing the right way, and slide number 10 shows some of the ways our Better Days Promise program manifested itself during the third quarter. We unveiled new, more ambitious targets for Kellanova, sustained our legacy of helping our communities and found ways to link these activities to our commercial endeavors, and we continue to be recognized for our efforts. So let me now turn it over to Amit, who will walk you through our financials, before I come back and discuss each of our businesses in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Slide number 12 summarizes the results of Kellogg Company because the spin-off occurred after the quarter ended. Net sales increased by about 4% on an organic basis in quarter three, which is right on the second half pace implied by our full year guidance. Year-to-date, this translates into 8% organic growth. Operating profit increased by 10% on an adjusted and currency-neutral basis, sustaining double-digit growth in spite of higher A&P investment and the divestiture of our Russia business. Year-to-date, this translates to 14% growth, which is ahead of the pace implied by our full year guidance. Earnings per share on an adjusted and currency-neutral basis decreased by about 2% year-on-year in quarter three and increased by 2% year-to-date. This is ahead of the pace implied by our full year guidance, delivering year-on-year growth in spite of some 11 to 12 percentage points of headwind from macroeconomic factors driving higher interest expense and lower pension income. And free cash flow came in at $894 million, which is higher than last year, even in spite of onetime outlays related to the spin-off. This put cash flow well on pace towards our full year guidance for Kellogg Company. So as you step back, you see that our growth in net sales and operating profit were on algorithm or better in the quarter and year-to-date period, and EPS would have been as well were it not for the macro-related pressures on our non-operating items. And we were well on pace to achieve the full year guidance we had given for the Kellogg Company. Now, let's take a look at each metric in closer detail, starting with our net sales growth on slide number 13. As expected, price elasticities rose around the world, putting pressure on volume, though this volume did come in modestly better than projected. Price/mix moderated sequentially from recent quarters as we began to lap some of our largest revenue growth management actions last year. The divestiture of our Russia business, which occurred in July, clipped about 1 percentage point from our overall net sales growth in quarter three and will do so again in quarter four. Foreign currency translation once again was a headwind of about negative 3 percentage points. And based on where rates are today, we are probably facing a similar headwind in quarter four. Most of this is related to the devaluation of the Nigerian naira, partially offset by strength in the euro, pound sterling and Mexican peso. We estimate that portions of the business that represent Kellanova generated better organic growth than total Kellogg Company in the third quarter. So even with the long anticipated rise in elasticities and the lapping of last year's pricing actions, our organic net sales growth remains within our long-term target range. Now, let's discuss gross profit, starting with slide number 14. As we've stated many times, our focus during the period of heightened input cost inflation and supply bottlenecks and shortages was on growing gross profit dollars. And as you can see, we have done just that every quarter this year. And as you can see on slide number 15, we have also made good progress in restoring our gross profit margin as well. We're still not back to our 2019 pre-pandemic levels, but this restoration of margins is proceeding faster than expected with year-on-year expansion in each quarter so far this year. This progress also applies to the Kellanova business, which gets an immediate lift from the absence of North America cereal, and should continue to benefit from the same drivers going forward price realization catching up to input cost inflation, improving supply chain conditions, and the ongoing combination of productivity, revenue growth management and mix shift towards our most differentiated brands. Slide number 16 shows how our sustained top line growth and margin expansion resulted in another quarter of double-digit growth in operating profit. Keep in mind that, this growth includes the divestiture of Russia, and it also includes a double-digit increase in brand building on a currency-neutral basis. Slide number 17 indicates that we are not only restoring our margins at the gross profit level, but at the operating profit level as well. We have delivered year-on-year expansion in operating margin in each quarter of this year, putting our year-to-date margin a full 100 basis points ahead of last year and ahead of our own projections as Kellanova will start immediately with a modestly higher operating margin just from the absence of North America cereal. And we expect to continue to improve our margin going forward as we discussed at our Day@K Investor event. This, along with top line growth propelled by our strong brands and growth-oriented categories and markets, give us confidence in sustaining profit growth. Moving down the income statement. Slide number 18 shows that our adjusted basis earnings per share growth in quarter three was once again mostly attributable to operating profit, which has grown enough to more than offset what are severe macro-related headwinds within our below-the-line items. Those below-the-line pressures were expected and will continue through the year. Interest expense increased significantly year-on-year in the quarter and the year-to-date period due to higher interest rates. Other income decreased sharply year-on-year in each of the first three quarters this year, reflecting the accounting of pension and post-retirement plan asset values stemming from last year's decline in the financial markets and the rising interest rates. Our effective tax rate in quarter three was up year-on-year, keeping our year-to-date rate at the 22% we've been expecting for the full year. Average shares outstanding were again up slightly year-on-year in quarter three, and we would expect that to be the case for the full year as well. Foreign currency translation was positive to earnings per share in quarter three as strength in European and Mexican currencies more than offset what is a relatively small impact from Nigerian Naira at the EPS level. Turning to slide number 19. We see that our free cash flow year-to-date is ahead of the prior year, even in spite of one-time cash outlays related to the spin-off and despite lapping a year ago period in which our capital expenditure was delayed because of supply disruptions. We are pleased with our cash flow conversion, which is higher than last year despite deal factors. This year-to-date free cash flow performance put us well on our way to achieving the full year guidance of $1 billion to $1.1 billion that we had communicated for the Kellogg Company. Meanwhile, we continue to reduce our debt leverage year-on-year, further enhancing our financial flexibility. The slide shows how our net debt continued to decrease even as we continue to deliver higher operating profit and therefore EBITDA. This was our net debt at the end of quarter prior to the spin-off. Upon the spin-off, the transfer of net debt to W.K. Kellogg Company was executed and is estimated to be approximately $600 million. Now, let's discuss our outlook at Kellanova now that W.K. Kellogg Company, our North America cereal business, is no longer in our portfolio. Work is underway to prepare Kellanova financials for all four quarters of 2022 and the first three quarters of 2023, treating W.K. KC as a discontinued operation. We will have those completed a few months from now, and we plan to share them with you at our next quarterly earnings release in early February. In the meantime, slide number 20 offers estimates in absolute dollars for the fourth quarter, our initial quarter at Kellanova. Kellanova was projected to deliver net sales of approximately $3.1 billion in the quarter. Excluding W.K. KC from the base and excluding about 1% negative impact of the Russia divestiture and foreign currency translation that at current rates would be similar to the negative impact we saw on net sales in quarter three, we believe organic net sales growth will be within our long-term growth target even as we assume continued elasticity impact and the lapping of the year-on-year price increases. We expect the restoration of gross profit margin to continue, increasing year-on-year and reaching a level in quarter four of just over 33%. We project adjusted basis operating profit of approximately $380 million to $390 million, which we estimate will translate into year-on-year growth that is within our long-term growth target. Excluding W.K. KC from the base and excluding the small impacts of this year's Russia divestiture and currency translation. We project adjusted basis earnings per share of approximately $0.73 to $0.76 after accounting for interest expense of around $85 million and other income of around $25 million, both of which will continue to reflect the year-on-year headwinds we've experienced all year. In short, we expect Kellanova's quarter four 2023 to remain within our long-term algorithm for net sales and operating profit growth. Looking to 2024. As indicated at our Day at K investor event a few months ago, we expect to sustain on-algorithm growth on sales and profit. We are still in our budgeting process, and we will provide those details at our normal time in February. Allow me to summarize on slide number 21. We feel very good about our financial performance and conditions heading into quarter four as the new Kellanova. Our top line growth remains ahead of our long-term target. Our profit margins continue to recover more quickly than we had anticipated. Our balance sheet is solid as is our free cash flow even as we executed a transformational spin-off. Let me now turn it back to Steve for a run-through of our businesses around the world.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. Slide number 23 splits our portfolio into category groups to help remind you of their relative sizes and how Kellanova’s portfolio is clearly oriented toward growth. Beginning in the fourth quarter, Kellanova will no longer have the North America cereal portion nor the very small Caribbean cereal portion of international cereal. As you can see on the slide, the businesses that will remain with Kellanova continue to drive most of our growth in quarter three. As we walk through our regions, which is how we are structured, we will once again organize our discussion around the businesses that comprise Kellanova first, followed by the North America cereal business that is now part of W.K. Kellogg Co. We'll start with the region's most exposed to emerging markets. Slide number 24 shows the financial performance of our AMEA region. Once again, this region generated double-digit organic net sales growth on top of extremely strong comparisons. It again expanded its operating profit margin year-on-year in the third quarter and it again posted exceptional profit growth, up 14% on an adjusted and currency-neutral basis. And this profit was delivered in spite of high cost inflation and substantial reinvestment into the business. Within AMEA, we see on slide number 25 that snacks turned in another quarter of double-digit organic growth in net sales. This organic growth was again broad-based across Australia, Asia and Africa and the Middle East. In market, Pringles continues to gain share in the region with notably strong outperformance relative to the category this quarter in Australia and Japan. As shown on Slide 26, AMEA cereal also sustained growth in the third quarter in spite of lapping elevated year ago growth. Growth was broad-based with notable growth in Australia, Africa and Southeast Asia. And in market, our overall share gain in the region was led by notably strong performance in Korea and New Zealand. And then we come to noodles and others shown on Slide number 27. This business continues to post exceptional growth even as it begins to lap substantial price increases taken last year to offset cost inflation and weakened currencies. Our business in Nigeria continues to grow strongly, owing to the strength of Dufil's brands and the huge competitive advantage of our distributor arm Multipro. We also continue to expand our Kellogg's noodle business outside of Nigeria. AMEA enters the Kellanova era with solid momentum. For the full year, we continue to expect to sustain strong growth across all three category groups, delivering yet another year of organic net sales growth. And we plan to do that while restoring our profit margins and investing for the future. Now let's look at our other emerging markets region, Latin America, starting on Slide number 29. Kellogg Latin America in quarter three delivered another quarter of strong organic net sales growth on top of exceptionally strong growth last year. This organic growth was once again led by our two largest markets, Mexico and Brazil, though our Pacific subregion also putted strong growth. It's important to note that roughly half of our volume decline, both in the third quarter and year-to-date, was attributable to price pack architecture changes and SKU rationalization that we have undertaken to improve profitability. We again expanded our operating margin in quarter three, leading to a fourth straight quarter of operating profit growth of 20% or better. On Slide number 30, we see that our snacks business in Latin America generated strong organic net sales growth in the third quarter, led by sustained momentum in Mexico and Brazil. Both of those markets saw double-digit category growth in salty snacks, and Pringles gained share in both of these key markets. And in portable wholesome snacks, we continue to outpace the category in Mexico. On Slide number 31, you can see that Kellogg Latin America grew net sales organically again in cereal in spite of lapping exceptional growth in the year ago quarter. This growth was led by Mexico and our Pacific subregion. Keep in mind that a sliver of this business, our Caribbean cereal business, has since been spun off with W.K. Kellogg Co., but this business represented only about 5% of our Latin America cereal business last year, so it is quite small. So Latin America is performing well as it heads into the Kellanova era. For the full year, we continue to expect this region to sustain strong top line momentum with growth in both snacks and cereal and continued recovery in its profit margins. Once again, we can see that both of our emerging markets regions are showing current momentum to go with their outstanding long-term prospects. Now let's turn to our developed markets regions, starting with Kellogg Europe and Slide number 33. This region sustained yet another quarter of strong organic net sales growth on top of strong year-earlier growth. Operating profit increased sharply year-on-year, owing to good top line growth, moderating cost pressures and solid margin expansion, all of which more than offset the impact of divesting Russia earlier in the quarter. If we look deeper into the business, on Slide number 34, you can see that snacks, which represents over half of our sales in Kellogg Europe, continue to lead our growth in this region. In fact, quarter three marked the quarter in the last 11 in which we have posted double-digit organic net sales growth in our European snacks business. The growth in quarter three also continued to be broad based with double-digit gains in all three of our sub-regions. In markets, salty snacks category remains in double-digit growth overall with Pringles outpacing the category in markets like the UK, France, Spain, Italy and Poland. And in portable wholesome snacks, category growth rates have accelerated into the double-digits. And we continued to gain substantial share in the UK, led by double-digit growth in Rice Krispies Squares. Our cereal business in Europe, shown on Slide number 35, posted a small organic decline in net sales in the third quarter. As we've discussed previously, this business has slowed owing to the rising category elasticities. But we are confident in our quarter four plans, which includes incremental brand building shifted from previous quarters. So it was another strong quarter for Kellogg Europe. For the full year, we continue to expect the region to post yet another year of solid top line growth led by snacks. We also remain on track to deliver improved margins during the second half in spite of sustained cost pressures. Our divestiture of our business in Russia was a necessary move in an unfortunate situation. But overall, this region is showing good momentum as it heads into the Kellanova era. We'll now turn to Kellogg North America in Slide number 37. As anticipated, net sales growth has decelerated in recent quarters as elasticity continued to move higher and as we begin to lap last year's sizable replenishment of trade inventories. However, we continue to recover gross profit margin, reflecting productivity, revenue growth management and diminishing bottlenecks and shortages. This enabled us to substantially increase investment in our brands and still deliver high single-digit operating profit growth year-on-year in the third quarter. The rise in elasticities, as well as the lapping of last year's strong growth in inventory replenishment can be seen in all three category groups in the third quarter. Slide number 38 shows snacks, which represents over half of our North America net sales. In the third quarter, its net sales were up very slightly against a very big quarter last year. In market, all three of our snacks categories experienced rising elasticities, particularly in higher cash outlay items like multipacks. In addition, we took a more measured approach than many in restoring merchandising activity. It was a similar story in frozen foods, shown on Slide number 39. Our frozen foods net sales were flat in the third quarter. Like snacks, our Eggo business faced a rise in category elasticities. In addition, our Morningstar Farms brand continued to feel the impact of a shakeout in the plant-based category even as it continued to gain share. Now let's turn to our North America cereal business, which forms most of what is now W.K. Kellogg Co. You will get more detail from W.K. Kellogg Co. in its own earnings release. But as shown on Slide number 40, this business faced the same dynamics as the Kellanova businesses in the third quarter: flattish sales, reflecting a continued rise in category elasticities and the lapping of strong year-ago growth. Turning to Slide number 41. Our North America region is having a good year in terms of balanced financial delivery. We now are bad full commercial activity and feel confident in our ability to execute. Snacks should finish the year solidly in growth, while Frozen is expected to continue to finish with improved performance. We are off to an earlier-than-expected start to margin recovery in this region even as we reinvest more in our brands. And with the spin-off, we become that much more focused and streamlined behind snacks and frozen foods. Simply put, North America too is ready to start our new era as Kellanova.  So let me summarize with Slide number 43. The third quarter closes the books on the 117-year-old Kellogg Company and does so in a solid way. In spite of rising elasticities across the industry, we continue to deliver good top line growth while getting our service levels back to where they should be and continuing to restore profit margins faster than we had anticipated. And we delivered all that while executing the spin-off of W.K. Kellogg Co. During the quarter, we made all the final preparations to ensure business continuity and the sustained success of both companies. Our company and the company-parallel operations were successful, and our transition services agreements are in place and in operation. And we now enter the Kellanova era from a position of strength. We're back to full commercial activity. Our free cash flow and balance sheet are strong, giving us good financial flexibility. We are proactively mitigating stranded margins. And we have a plan that should continue to deliver the kind of financial algorithm that you would expect from a portfolio that is weighted towards snacking, emerging markets and highly differentiated brands. In sum, we are on track and ready to deliver as Kellanova. So in closing, I want to first express a heartfelt congratulations and thank you to our entire family of Kellogg employees for the tireless efforts and endless passion that went into executing the spin-off and creating such a promising future for both companies. We wish our former colleagues all the best as they embark on their next chapter as W.K. Kellogg Co. And to our Kellanova employees, I share in your excitement for our future. We entered this new era with a more growth-oriented portfolio, a sharpened strategy and more ambitious financial expectations, and we have just the team to deliver on it. And now, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Thanks for spotting me in. A couple of questions in regards
Amit Banati: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Hey guys. A couple of questions in regards to your reiteration of long-term algo for next year. First, you gave a base -- estimated base earnings number at your Analyst Day of around 3 35 for this year. Is that still the right base to use?
Amit Banati: I think, Jason, we will update the details when we get to our normal cycle in February once we've had this year's actual latest foreign exchange rates. So I think we'll update the absolutes as we kind of get to February. We're right in the middle of our budgeting process right now. But as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we fully expect to be on our algorithm growth rates we had shared in August.
Jason English: Okay. But that 3 35 number for this year, even though we're 10 months through, may not be a good number to anchor to. Is that -- did I -- am I hearing that right?
Amit Banati: No, we are on track, I mean, from a 2023 standpoint, right? We are ahead of pace in the first nine months. And like I mentioned, we are on track from a 2023 standpoint. So we'll share the specific details when we get to February.
John Renwick: But that we gave for 2023, as we indicated at that time, that was for a full year estimate of what Kellanova might look like. It's not quite the real what you'll see us report because we'll have three quarters of Kellogg Company and one quarter of Kellanova. So, that was just a way for you to calculate.
Jason English: Yes, which is why I'm still trying to anchor to it just because as is evident in today's press release, it's really muddy, right? There's a lot of noise here. So, I'm just trying to keep it simple. Okay. And sticking with the long-term--
Amit Banati: From an underlying business performance, right, we are right on track with -- on 2023.
Jason English: Yes, that's good to hear. And I think it came through our results, but there is a lot of noise. And sticking with the long-term algo, I think Steve mentioned this upfront. Your diversified business with a diversified global footprint and you've got long-term algo by each segment, but there time where some are going to lag and some are going to do better. And it now feels like it's one of those points in time where the developed world, particularly North America, is lagging. I don't think it's structural, but at a moment in time, your emerging market businesses are doing quite well. Investors are concerned that you're not going to able to hit LTL algo across all segments next year. Is it reasonable to say that? That shouldn't be a concern. You don't need to LTL algo across all segments next year. It could look very much like what we're seeing right now, where perhaps North America does lag, but the strength you have elsewhere could offset that. Or do you actually -- do you really expect and are you entering to a return to a long-term algo in North America?
Steve Cahillane: I think a couple of things, Jason. You're exactly right. We don't need to be on long-term algo in all regions in order to make it corporately because power of the portfolio. Having said that, I think what you're seeing in North America, just to put it in context, we did return to merchandising activity later than most. That was purposeful. In hindsight, perhaps we could have come sooner. But we're back now. We were also going through obviously the spin, which was a massive amount of work. And so as we approach 2024, we look to North America with much more optimism in terms of turning back to quality merchandising activity. The strength of our brands, we know, is there, very, very strong. We were lagging in innovation for the same reasons, so holding back to get our supply chain back to where we wanted it to be. So, we've got a much more ambitious innovation plan in 2024. So, as we look at North America in 2023, a series of events, obviously led by the spin, but also, again, measured return to innovation and merchandising activity, will all be very different in 2024. So, we have more confidence in our long-term algo in North America, which bolsters our confidence in our long-term algo overall as a company.
Jason English: Appreciate it. Thank you guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi from RBC. Your line is now open, please go ahead.
Nik Modi: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Steve, I was hoping you could comment on volume growth. Obviously, revenue has been very strong driven by pricing, but volumes continue to lag. Some of your global snacking peers have actually posted volume growth. So, I just wanted to get some context from you on how you're thinking about that. And then just a second question, and this is more of a kind of an abstract question that I was just thinking about. One of the big growth drivers in the future for Kellanova will be white space and global expansion with some of your existing brands. And I wondered if, do you have global P&Ls for your key brands? Or is that something that still needs to be developed as you spin out the company? Thanks.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Nik. So, I would say on the volume question, clearly, when you take the type of pricing that we've taken, mid-teens pricing on top of mid-teens pricing a year ago, you're going to have elasticities. The difference from -- for us relative to some competition, as I mentioned earlier, we did return to merchandising activity later than most. We did return -- we're returning to innovation activity later than most. That's a fact. And obviously, we had the spin as well as those other items, which leads us to be much more optimistic about 2024. There's nothing structural in our volumes or our performance or our brand health that points to anything other than optimism in 2024 and beyond. In terms of white space, the global P&L, yes, we track in detail the financial performance of all of our brands at a SKU level and at a geographic level, so a very good understanding of that.
Nik Modi: Excellent. I’ll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Palmer of Evercore ISI. David, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thank you. Good morning. Question on the fourth quarter. You mentioned organic revenue growth would be within algo. I assume that'd be 2% to 4% up, including the Russia drag. And I'm also wondering, how you're thinking about a 4Q sales breakdown between North America and other segments. And the reason I'm asking about that is really the scanner data quarter-to-date. It shows down roughly 4.5% in what we see in terms of US measured channels. So, it would look like you would have to be pretty heavy lifting for international for that to stay that way and for that to reflect what sort of organic revenue growth you'd have in North America in 4Q or put a lot of burden on international. So any thoughts about what we're seeing there or thoughts about improvement in North America, what we're seeing is not real or perhaps any particularly strong growth internationally would be helpful.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think similar trends to what we are seeing right now from a quarter four standpoint, if you exclude WKKC from the base, the Russia divestiture would be about a 1% negative impact and then currency translation around 3%. So, I think if you kind of exclude those 3%, you get to the -- you get to our algo growth of somewhere between 3% to 5% for the overall business. We would expect international to grow faster than the US in the next quarter. We continue to expect price elasticities. That's always been in our guidance, so we expect that to continue. We'd expect volume to be down, but for the decline to moderate in quarter 4 as we get back to full merchandising, particularly in the US. So that's kind of the shape of what we're expecting in quarter 4.
David Palmer: My follow-up to that is, if it's down -- if North America were down 4%, then the international would have to be something like up 10%. So that's why I'm asking. It just seems like you must be expecting North America to improve from now. I know back at the Analyst Day in August, you were talking about merchandising activity for Cheez-It and some marketing coming through. So I'm wondering, are you expecting a meaningful improvement? Or do you expect that sort of heavy lifting from international?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I was going to say it's a lot like quarter 3. And you can see in the scanner data that we did return to merchandising activity. We haven't yet gotten the quality display activity that we're now seeing. So you're going to see a gradual improvement going into Q1 of 2024 as well.
David Palmer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. With the caveat that you're not quite ready to talk about certain details in 2024 yet, The Street is -- and it's great to hear that you're expecting an on-algo year. But The Street is looking for volume growth as soon as the second quarter of next year, and I wasn't quite sure if that was reasonable. And I don't know, if I'm asking a question that you can even answer at this point in time. But I'm -- my hope is that Street numbers can maybe be a little more reasonable at some point. If that's the case, just given some of that -- you'll still have some pricing flowing through and there's still certain challenges around the world, I just wouldn't want people to come out and have numbers that are too high and disappointed. So I didn't know if you could talk about that at this point, if there's any kind of commentary you could provide on volume growth into next year at this time, given the lack of visibility, I understand.
Amit Banati: Yeah. Like I said, we're working through our budgeting process right now. I think we'd expect a gradual return to volume growth in 2024. Obviously, as you start lapping some of the price increases and some of the volume in quarter three, the laps get easier. But that's probably the shape of how we're looking at 2024 right now.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Hey, good morning. You touched on some of the margin drivers, the pricing now offsetting inflation better, the productivity, the normalization of where the supply chain disruptions had been. Can you maybe give a sense of order of magnitude or -- really trying to understand what are the most sustainable and how to think about looking ahead. And then part of that, is there any way to quantify -- you mentioned some of the additional costs from the parallel operations but still had -- against our expectations, still a nice margin performance. Can you quantify some of that? Was that significant and obviously lapping that? Or are you putting that in the rearview? How much of a lift should that be looking ahead as well?
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think in terms of gross margin, I think you hit on the two biggest items, right? So it is pricing, catching our presentation, and it is a much better performing supply chain. So those two are the biggest drivers of the gross margin improvement and it's been coming in better than what we had expected and faster than what we had expected. So more of a timing in terms of the catch-up happening faster than what we have planned for. So -- and I think in terms of -- the parallel costs, we did incur some parallel costs in quarter three for -- as we kind of ran value operations. I think that's now behind us post-spin. I wouldn't say, it's a significant lap item for next year. So we did incur costs, but they weren't really significant from a lap standpoint.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And just a follow-up on your color on the consumer, just in the release and prepared remarks talking about how they're stretched or elasticities are getting sharper. Can you just maybe give us a sense of how much visibility you have on the broader dynamic in terms of trading down from food away from home? That would, in theory, give a lift to packaged food, but then obviously, the pressure you are seeing with either trade-down, just some of the consumer dynamics and where that all nets out for you? And we've seen in this quarter, obviously, what that looked like, but maybe some of what you expect in the fourth quarter or looking ahead. Is it better? Is it worse? Is it more of the same? You touched a little bit on the volume thoughts for 2024. But just curious for the consumer perspective behind that, that you see as the real driver.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah. Michael, I'd say the consumer is clearly strained. There's evidence of that. There's some degree of channel shifting. There's some degree of trading down to smaller sizes. There is definitely a traffic pattern when they're shopping, more trips, all those types of things. Having said all that, though, I think the overarching line is still the resilience of the consumer. And particularly for our categories, we're talking about affordable luxuries. We've talked about that in the past. And we're not really seeing any meaningful shift to private label or anything that points to a structural change in consumer dynamics. And we've said this in the past, when you take the type of pricing, you're talking about 30-plus percent pricing over the last 18 months, the type of volume decline that we've seen in aggregate is still much smaller than you would otherwise expect. We've seen it more recently, obviously, in a real catch-up. But I think we're probably at the high watermark in terms of elasticities. As we go into next year, we're lapping a lot of this pricing. Consumers are becoming much more used to different price points. We talked about our return to quality merchandising, a lot of things to believe are going to point to a good industry environment, despite all the macro pressures that are well understood and that are putting pressure on the consumer.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Max Gumport of BNP Paribas. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Max Gumport: Hey. Thanks for the question. Just on the volume in North America. You've given some color already. I know you've touched on the slower return to merchandising and innovation and also the lapping of trade inventory build last year. So I was just hoping you could maybe quantify some of those buckets in terms of just order of magnitude. How much of the decline was due to the lap? How much was due to the lower return? And then maybe how much is due to just slower category growth or share performance? I realize this is all very tough to do, just hoping for a bit more color there. Thanks very much.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah. Max, I think just directionally, the big buckets are the merchandising activity and the pricing and the innovation. Those are really the three big buckets, all entirely controllable as we look to the future. The pricing, we're lapping; the innovation, we've got a better plan; the merchandising activity, we're returning. So that's why I say, when we look at the health of our brands, we're very encouraged because you're talking about Pringles, Rice Krispies Treats, Cheez-It, these are big power brands that are loved by the consumer, showing no signs of diminution with consumer loyalty. And so those are the three items that really make up the biggest buckets that's pressured volume up to this point.
Max Gumport: Got it. And then one more on the US, there was a large grocery retailer this morning that reported results, and they called out that they now have evidence that the emergency allotments of Snap rolling off, maybe have been a bigger impact than expected. I think their numbers were -- initially would have expected the minus 200 basis point impact on sales, and now it's looking more like a minus 400 basis point impact on sales growth. Just curious if you're seeing a similar type of impact among your lower-income consumers.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I haven't seen those results yet. But SNAP is obviously one part of the elasticity story. We've taken, as an industry, significant pricing while the consumer has been under pressure. And so I think it's probably -- you're seeing that in the overall elasticities. What SNAP is -- it's hard to quantify for us, but we'll certainly study what you've just mentioned.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks operator. Good morning, everyone. I just had one -- just wanted to ask one clarification and I have a question. In the appendix of the Day at K presentation, there are hard currency-neutral dollar targets for sales and EBIT by segment. So just the -- I'm just trying to understand, is -- are those not valid anymore? Just because you reiterated coming on algorithm for 2024 but didn't really address the hard targets. So I just want to make sure we should be still -- should we still be using those as a guide as we're modeling for 2024?
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think, Bryan, we'll give you the details when we close out 2023, right? I think from a growth rate standpoint, like I said, we fully expect to be on long-term growth algorithm for 2024. I think as you'd appreciate, right, currencies will be different when we close out 2023 versus the assumptions that we had made in August. Like I had mentioned on 2023, we are -- at the end of nine months, we are ahead of pace versus the guidance that we had given. And so where we close out from a 2023 standpoint. So I think those kind of pace and currency adjustments would cause the absolute to differ, but we were right in the middle of that work as part of our budget. And I fully expect our long-term growth rates to be on algorithm.
Bryan Spillane: I guess -- but those ranges are currency-neutral that you provided. So I don't know maybe the accounting is changing. It's just -- so I guess, we'll wait till February to get it but...
Amit Banati: Yes. So it's currency-neutral, right? The overall rates that we had given for the company included a view of currency, right? So that's for the total Kellogg Company, the ones that we had given in our preliminary 2024 guidance. Where there are currency-neutral numbers, those won't be impacted by those view of the long-term rates. But the rates number base change, right, depending on where we end up on 2023.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then just you talked about margins kind of recovery happening a little bit faster than normal. So again, there was an implied margin that is just under 14%, I guess, the middle of that range, currency-neutral next year. So should we -- is it possible that since you're running ahead, we could even be a little bit further ahead in terms of margin recovery for next year?
Amit Banati: Yes. We talked that as we kind of complete the budgeting process, Bryan. I think it's a bit premature for me to comment on that. But yes, margin recovery is recovering faster. You'll see that in our results. And we'll give you the specifics on 2024 when we get to it.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Amit Banati: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. So a couple of questions here. You mentioned a couple of times that you were late coming back with merchandising and promotional activity and that, therefore, it was quite a bit lower in the first half of 2023 than your normal run rate would be. Does that mean that the lap that lower promotional period in 2024 that in the developed markets, we could actually see pricing modestly down? I don't know about the timing of the price increases, but I'm just wondering how we should think about that cadence.
Steve Cahillane: No, I wouldn't say you'd see pricing down. I think you just see a return to quality merchandising off of what are inescapably higher list prices. And so that's really the dynamic that you'll see.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. That's clear. And then on the leverage, it looks as though your leverage is fairly comfortable at the moment, probably around 2.4, 2.5x if -- at $600 million on with W.K. Kellogg. How does that mean you make or where does that put you in terms of M&A aspirations, particularly on the acquisition side? And if you were thinking about further deals, which geographies and what type of criteria would you be thinking about on that front?
Amit Banati: Yes. So firstly, I think, we like the organic opportunity that's in front of us. And I think despite the short-term volume discussion, right, I think the growth potential of our portfolio is strong. We've got plenty of organic growth opportunities. I think from a capital allocation standpoint, prioritizing investments into the organic opportunity, particularly in capacity expansion in Pringles in emerging markets, is kind of the immediate priority. We'd always evaluate M&A opportunities, I think largely in the areas of snacking and emerging markets. So if something -- we run a very disciplined process, and so we continue to evaluate opportunities come.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Dickerson of Jefferies. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. 
Robert Dickerson: Hi. Great. Thanks so much. Steve, I just wanted to ask about the -- some of the volume impacts around -- I think you said some changes to price pack architecture and also SKU rationalization. So maybe if you could just kind of dive into that, just a little bit more in detail. I'm not sure if that's kind of across the overall global portfolio or if it's more North America-based and kind of what's driving that rationalization in the near-term. And then, I guess, as we think about next year, is it -- yes, we have this better base with rationalization fully coming through in 2023, and we should be able to end that by the end of this year, which, therefore, allows us some higher probability volume growth next year? Thanks.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So a couple of things, Rob. First, the biggest impact was in Latin America, where we made very purposeful SKU reductions, price package architecture to improve profitability. And we're very pleased with the program and how that worked out. In North America, there's also elements. We've gotten out of some lower-margin cracker business, for example. We did rationalize SKUs when we had severe shortages and bottlenecks and -- last year to get better performance in the plants. And so we'll be lapping that. But biggest headline is definitely Latin America followed North America.
Robert Dickerson: Okay. All right. Fair enough. And then just secondly, kind of quickly, on the pricing side. Pricing clearly is still part of the top-line. I think Alexia said, I'm not sure exactly how many rounds have gone in and kind of what time on a per segment basis. But as we think through into 2024 – excuse me, and may be this pertains a little bit more to some of the emerging markets, do you foresee kind of incremental pricing needs? Doesn't sound like that's something many of us are discussing at this point. But like, when I look at AMEA, kind of pricing relative to currency, maybe there are some opportunities. Maybe there can be some incremental pricing potential in certain geographies. Thanks.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I'd say a couple of things. First, in the developed markets, we're looking at a more benign inflationary environment going forward. And we certainly feel like the consumer has taken enough pricing and are working hard to mitigate any potential needs to take more pricing going forward. And again, returning to quality merchandising means promotional activity and benefits to the consumer. In the emerging markets, generally, every year, we're going to be taking pricing. Whether that’d be currency, whether that’d be inflation, just cost of doing business, that's fairly routine. And we see the same thing happening in our emerging markets for next year, although not to the same levels that we've seen over the course of the last two years. And we'll exercise all the RGM levers that we have in those emerging markets to maintain affordability, to maintain -- in the shopping baskets of our consumers in the emerging markets. But it's more of a -- I would say, a more normalized environment in emerging markets relative to the past two years. But that doesn't mean deflationary and it doesn't mean flat. It means just more measured price increases going forward.
Robert Dickerson: All right. Great. Make sense. Thank you.
John Renwick: And we may have time for one last question, if it’s there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Okay. Great. Maybe just a pick up on that last question from Rob, specific to AMEA. For a while, pricing was running well above the currency headwinds. So, you were seeing double-digit US dollar growth. Now pricing is running below. So you're seeing the double-digit organic growth, but you're seeing kind of double-digit declines in US dollars. So could you frame for us what's going on there? Maybe give us a little bit more of a tutorial around sort of timing of when pricing has been or can be taken in that market relative to currency fluctuations? And then just how you -- net of all that, how you're thinking about kind of real growth in that market in dollar terms over time? Thank you.
Amit Banati : Yes. So I think the easiest way to think about it is there's a lag between the devaluation that happens on an operating transaction basis and when the official rate moved. But we've been seeing the devaluation of the naira on the ground from an operating basis all the way through 2022, first half of 2023 and have been taking pricing to cover that. And I think the business has done a remarkable job taking multiple rounds of price. And the great news, and it's a testament just to the strength of our brand and our route to market, that despite the pricing that we've taken, volumes have held up and our shares have held up. So that's been happening. And like you said, we've been seeing that come through with elevated growth rates through 2022 into the first half of 2023. Then you have the devaluation that happened in the last quarter. And so the transaction and the translation have gotten more in sync as a result of that. And so that's why now you're seeing a bit of a lag. I mean the business continues to be growing at double-digit rates and we continue to take pricing, but there is a lag that's kind of flowing in, in the way it's go through in the P&L. But I think from an overall standpoint, a strong route to market, taking the pricing to cover our margins through this whole cycle, we protected our margins. And that's been the focus of the team, and we've done that volumes of hand.
Steve Powers : Okay, okay. That's great. And just real quick, you talked about similar currency headwinds in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter. So we take that to mean around about like a $0.04 drag on EPS from FX?
Amit Banati : Well, EPS has been -- it's been a help to EPS. That's the reference there was from a top line standpoint, about a 3% drag the top line growth. EPS was actually positive in the -- in quarter three, right? And so -- yes. But I think from a top line standpoint, about a 3% hit to the top line. And from an EPS, I'd say, using the exchange that we have, probably flattish. So much more impact on the top line than the EPS.
Steve Powers : Understood. Thank you very much.
John Renwick: Okay. Operator, we are at time. So thank you, everyone, for your interest. And please do not hesitate to call if you do have follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company’s Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session with publishing analysts. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our second quarter results and an update on our outlook for 2023. I am joined this morning by: Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Amit Banati, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Slide number 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company’s future performance, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. A recording of today’s webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of KelloggCompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. And now, I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report another better than expected quarter featuring two key elements depicted on slide number 5. Not only did we sustain top line growth that remained better than our long-term targets, but we did so across our portfolio and geographies with growth in all major category groups in each of our four regions. And we did so even as we lapped the prior year's retail inventory replenishment and particularly strong in-market performance. We also continued to experience a sooner-than sooner than expected recovery in our gross profit margin. Much of this is related to bottlenecks and shortages diminishing. This recovery is ahead of schedule and it was a principal driver behind our better than expected profit and earnings this quarter. Also encouraging is the momentum, we've continued to see in our biggest, most differentiated brands shown on slide number 6. These advantage brands made up half of our net sales in 2022 and they continue to outpace our overall growth creating both top-line momentum and a favorable margin mix. So when we put it all together the earlier than expected margin recovery and the sustained top-line growth across our portfolio, you can see why we feel comfortable raising our full year sales profit and earnings guidance again. We also remain very active on our social and environmental program Kellogg's Better Days Promise. Slide number 7 shows just a few examples of actions we took during the quarter, including donations and volunteering in the area of hunger and tie-ins to important commercial programs with customers. The slide also shows another wave of recognitions that we have received, simply confirming what we already know, that doing what is right is in our DNA. In the center of the slide, you can see that we have published an update regarding our progress toward our Better Days targets. On social goals like addressing hunger or environmental goals like reducing our admissions or in diversity goals like gender representation and management, we remain ahead of pace on our Better Days goals. And of course, we remain very busy in getting ready for our pending separation. Indeed on slide number eight most of what you see under the Q1, Q2 and the Q2, Q3 phases are now complete. The team has done an exceptional job of digging into every detail, every brand, every process, every role to make sure we have left no stone unturned in our quest to create two successful value-creating companies. And as you look to the Q3 phase, you can see a few milestones that are very much upon us. On July 24th WK Kellogg Co.'s Form-10 was filed publicly providing you with important information about management, strategy, capital structure, and carve out financials. On July 30th, just this past Sunday, we began to run WK Kellogg Co. and Kelanova in parallel. By running the water through the pipes, so to speak, we can identify and address any process gaps and other opportunities well before the separation takes place. Employees in new roles can transition properly. Services under the transition services agreement can be ironed out more completely. And while this requires incremental expenses, they are already incorporated into our guidance. And then less than a week from today on August 9th, we will host our Day at K investor event at which leaders of both WK Kellogg Co. and Kellenova will present to the strategies, the capital structures, and the financial outlooks for both companies. And we still expect the separation transaction to take place during the fourth quarter. Because we can't know the exact timing of the various customary approvals, we can't be more specific than that quite yet. But we have every confidence that it is on track. In sum, the second quarter was another very good quarter in terms of financial results, sustainability actions, and progress toward our spinoff. And now let me turn it over to Amit to take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide number 10 provides a summary of our second quarter and first half results. Net sales growth in quarter two was 7% on an organic basis. Importantly, this growth remained broad-based across category groups and regions, and paces us a little ahead of our previous full-year outlook. Operating profit grew 14% on an adjusted basis. This growth came on top of last year's 10% currency neutral growth, and it featured the sooner than expected recovery in gross profit margin that Steve discussed. This operating profit performance puts us a little ahead of our previous full year outlook. Earnings per share grew 5% on an adjusted basis, sustaining mid-single-digit growth in spite of macro-related headwinds versus last year on below-the-line items such as interest expense and pension income. Cash flow through the first half is down year-on-year because of outlays related to the pending spin-off but on track for the full year. Let's now discuss each of these in more detail. Slide number 11 splits our year-on-year net sales growth into its components. Price mix growth was sustained in the mid-teens with growth in both developed markets and emerging markets. As expected, price elasticities continued to move higher around the world, and this weighed down our volume. Also contributing to our volume decline was lapping last year's replenishment of trade inventories, particularly as we recovered from the serial strike. Foreign currency translation continued to negatively impact net sales growth by nearly 3% year-on-year in the quarter. If today's exchange rates versus the US dollar were to hold, we would expect to see a similar impact in the second half, as the favorable impact of lapping last year's dollar strengthening is offset by the recent devaluation of the Nigerian naira. So our top line growth in quarter two supports our long-standing planning assumptions for elasticities to rise and for revenue growth management actions to begin to anniversary. Next, let's discuss gross profit shown on slide number 12. As we've discussed numerous times, our objective in this high inflation environment has been to protect gross profit dollars via productivity savings and revenue growth management. In quarter two, our adjusted gross profit increased by 9% year-on-year. On top of a year ago quarter that itself was up more than 6% on a currency-neutral basis. From a margin perspective, recall that our expectation was for a gradual improvement as the year progresses. But as Steve mentioned, we are ahead of pace in this recovery with year-on-year expansion coming sooner than expected. Much of this is driven by bottlenecks and shortages receding, which eliminates many of the inefficiencies and incremental costs experienced over the past year or more. In addition, productivity and revenue growth management continue to catch up to a high market-driven input cost inflation. So while we have a ways to go before we get back to pre-pandemic levels, this performance gives us increased confidence in our ability to recover margins. For 2023, there is no change to our outlook for expansion in the second half, but Q2's better-than-expected performance moves up our full year outlook for gross margin to be somewhere around 50 basis points of expansion year-on-year. Operating profit, as shown on slide number 13, grew 14% year-on-year in quarter two, even as it laps a robust 10% gain in the year earlier quarter, and even with advertising and promotion investment increasing year-on-year. Through the first half, our operating profit was up 16% year-on-year. Our second half comparisons get a little tougher, and we have begun to run W.K. Kellogg Company in parallel requiring incremental expenses year-on-year that are already baked into our guidance. That, we are ahead of pace, and this gives us the confidence to raise our full year operating profit guidance. Moving down the income statement. Slide number 14 shows that our earnings per share growth has been attributable to operating profit, which has grown enough to more than offset what are severe macro-related headwinds in within our below-the-line items. These below-the-line pressures were expected and will continue through the year. Interest expense increased significantly year-on-year due to higher interest rates. In the second half, we expect to see modestly lower interest expense than we recorded in the first half, owing to the timing of cash flow. Other income decreased sharply year-on-year in each of the first two quarters this year. reflecting the accounting of pension and postretirement plan asset values and interest rates stemming from last year's declines in financial markets. Owing to favorability in some other items in the slide, Q2 came in higher than both Q1 and the run rate we would expect for the remaining quarters. Our effective tax rate in quarter two was back to the kind of 22% rate we would expect for the full year after being a bit above that in quarter one. Average shares outstanding were up slightly year-on-year in both quarter one and quarter two. And we would expect that to be the case for the full year as well. Foreign currency translation turned slightly positive to EPS in quarter two, finishing the half with about a negative 1% impact. We leave foreign currency translation out of our guidance because it is out of our control and difficult to predict. But if we took today's exchange rates, including a substantially devalued Nigerian Naira partially offset by the lapping of other currencies a year ago weakening, we would estimate a similar impact for the full year as that of the first half. A key message here is that these below the line items are collectively weighing down EPS as expected, but it is important to remember that the operational side of our P&L through operating profit remains very strong. Turning to slide number 15, we see that cash flow is below last year's high level. This is due to three factors. First, one-time cash outlays related to the spin-off amounting to roughly $130 million. Secondly, lapping unusually strong inflows in the year-ago period, including some related to derivatives. And thirdly, timing of capital expenditure, which last year was much more weighted to the second half due to supply disruptions earlier that year. So while it is down from a high level last year, we believe cash flow is right on track to achieve our full year guidance. Meanwhile, we continue to reduce our debt leverage year-on-year, further enhancing our financial flexibility. All in, our second quarter performance puts us slightly ahead of pace for the full year. Accordingly, we are once again moving up our full year guidance as shown on slide number 16. We are raising our guidance for organic net sales growth to approximately 7%, which is the high end of our previous guidance range. Our quarter two performance was consistent with our assumption of decelerating growth as the year progresses, which reflects a likely return of elasticity towards historical levels as well as lapping of particularly substantial revenue growth management actions in the second half of last year. This 7% organic growth is well above our long-term target. We are raising our guidance for adjusted operating profit growth to 9%-10% on a currency-neutral basis, which is the upper half of our previous guidance range. This raise reflects a stronger-than-expected Q2 performance, particularly our earlier recovery in gross profit margin, and yet still accounts for some investment shifts into the second half as well as incremental costs in the second half for operating WK Kellogg Company in parallel as a company within a company. We expect to improve margins this year which combined with our above target net sales growth will deliver operating profit growth that is also above our long-term target. Based on the improved operating profit outlook, we are raising our adjusted earnings per share guidance as well, now looking for a year-on-year decline of 1% to 2%, the upper portion of our previous guidance range. Remember that all and more of this decline is explained by the year-on-year reduction in pension and post-retirement income, a non-operating, non-cash item that is expected to have a negative impact of nearly 7% on EPS this year. The negative impact of higher interest expense due to higher interest rates in the economy is another negative impact of more than 4%. If it weren't for these two macro-related impacts, our guidance for EPS growth would also be well above a long-term growth rate. Our guidance for cash flow remains at $1 to $1.1 billion. Recall that, within this guidance, we are expecting a year-on-year increase in our underlying cash flow offset by one-time cash costs and capital related to the spin-off. A couple of elements to keep in mind regarding this guidance. First, while we expect the spin-off to be transacted during quarter four our guidance assumes it takes place at year-end purely for simplicity reasons. And secondly, the impact of our recently completed divestiture of our Russian business does not have a material impact on our guidance. So to summarize our financial position on slide number 17, quarter two was yet another quarter of over-delivery and we have plans in place to sustain our earnings momentum. Accordingly, we are again raising our full year guidance for 2023. Our profit margins have expanded sooner than anticipated and this should continue, particularly as our service levels return to normal. Our net sales growth remains strong and while we are keeping our assumption of rising elasticity in the second half, along with lapping sizable revenue growth management actions, we are confident enough in our top-line growth to raise our full-year outlook. Our financial flexibility is strong, marked by a solid balance sheet and cash flow that remains in good shape, even with some adverse timing in the first half. We continue to make good progress on setting up both Kellanova and WK Kellogg for operational and financial success, and we are looking forward to sharing with you the two companies' exciting strategies, capital structures, and financial outlooks next week. And with that, I'll turn it back to Steve to walk you through our individual businesses.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. With the spin-off approaching, we'll once again organize our discussion around the businesses that will comprise Kellenova and WK Kellogg. Slide number 19 reminds you of the composition of the two businesses, and on the slide you can see how both remain in good form with good top-line growth. Let's start by discussing the Kelinova businesses leading off with our emerging markets regions. Slide number 20 shows the financial performance of our EMEA region. This region sustained its outstanding underlying momentum in the second quarter, posting mid-teens organic net sales growth on top of extremely strong comparisons. It again expanded its operating profit margin year-on-year in the second quarter, and it again posted exceptional 19% operating profit growth. And this performance came in spite of exceedingly high cost inflation and reinvestment into the business. Drilling down into its key category groups, we see on slide number 21 that EMEA's snacks sustained double-digit organic net sales growth in quarter two, with this growth coming on top of exceptional growth in the year-ago quarter. In market, snacks category growth rates remained elevated and have even accelerated slightly from the previous quarter. Pringles this year has outpaced the salty snacks category that is growing in the high-teens or better across key markets and during the second quarter we continued to gain share in markets like Australia, Japan, Korea and Thailand. EMEA cereal is also sustaining strong growth momentum as shown on slide number 22. This business delivered growth on top of last year's strong growth with particular strength in Australia, Africa, and the Middle East, North Africa, Turkey sub-region. And in market, we've outpaced a category this year that has grown in the mid single digits collectively across key markets which brings us to noodles and other and slide number 23. Led by Multipro in Nigeria, this business continued to deliver organic net sales growth in excess of 20% in the second quarter. Multipro continues to execute extremely well, widening its competitive moat and staying on an impressive growth trajectory in an always exciting market. Meanwhile, we continue to expand our Kellogg's noodles business outside of Nigeria. In the second quarter, net sales of Kellogg's noodles grew significantly year-on-year in both South Africa and Egypt. As you know the Nigerian Naira has been officially devalued recently but our team has been proactively managing through de facto currency devaluation for some time in order to protect our margins. Much of this proactive pricing which has contributed to the 20% plus growth you see on the slide is behind us now. This reflects the experience and savvy of our local team and the strength of this business. And we expect continued, if moderated top line growth going forward. Clearly, EMEA is a growth engine for Kellogg Company and soon, Kellanova. And it is performing extremely well so far in 2023. For the full year, we continue to expect sustained momentum across all three category groups, delivering yet another year of organic net sales growth, and while improving our profit margins. Let's turn to our other emerging markets region, Latin America, starting on slide number 25. Kellogg Latin America, in the second quarter delivered another quarter of strong organic net sales growth on top of equally strong growth last year. This growth was led by our two largest markets, Mexico and Brazil. We again expanded our operating margin in the second quarter leading to another quarter of operating profit growth of 20% year-on-year. As shown on slide number 26, our snacks business in Latin America was up against an unusually high comparison in the second quarter, but its organic net sales growth was a solid 6% year-on-year through the first half. In market, we saw sustained double-digit growth for the salty snacks category in Mexico and Brazil, and Pringles has gained share in both of these key markets. We also outpaced a very strong portable wholesome snacks category in Mexico and stabilized our share in cookies in Brazil. On slide number 27 you can see that Kellogg Latin America again recorded double-digit organic net sales growth in cereal. This growth was broad-based with good growth across each of our sub regions. In market cereal category growth rates remain robust in the region and in the second quarter we kept pace in Mexico and we gained share in Brazil and Puerto Rico. So Latin America continues to perform well and remains right on track. For the full year, we continue to expect this region to sustain strong top-line momentum with growth in both snacks and cereal and continued recovery in its profit margins, all while working on separating its Caribbean cereal business as part of the spinoff. Once again, we can see that both of our emerging markets regions are showing current momentum to go with their outstanding long-term prospects. Now let's turn to our developed markets, starting with Kellogg Europe and slide number 29. The region posted sustained top-line growth, accelerating to 11% organic growth in the second quarter. Operating profit declined once again due to Russia, which we divested just after the end of the quarter. Excluding Russia, Kellogg Europe's operating profit increased in the mid-single digits in spite of extremely high cost pressures. So our underlying European business is performing very well. On slide number 30, you can see that snacks which represent just over half of our sales in Kellogg Europe continue to lead our growth in this region. In fact quarter two marked the eighth quarter in the last ten in which we have posted double-digit growth in our European snacks business. This was growth on top of strong year-ago growth and it was driven by both volume and price mix. The growth was also broad-based with double-digit gains in all sub-regions except for suspended shipments into Russia. In market the salty snacks category remains in strong double-digit growth across key markets with Pringles gaining share in key markets like Italy and France and sustaining strong consumption growth in spite of lapping notably robust year ago performance in markets like the UK, Germany and Spain. And in portable wholesome snacks, we are experiencing double-digit consumption growth overall in the region paced by a two-point share gain in the UK led by Rice Krispies Squares. Our cereal business in Europe, shown on Slide number 31, also sustained growth in the second quarter. Growth has slowed as we've discussed previously, owing to category elasticities rising, but we continue to execute well in a challenging market. So it was another good quarter for Kellogg Europe, keeping us right on track for another good year. For the full year, we continue to expect the region to post yet another year of solid top line growth, led by Snacks. We'll continue to navigate through cost pressures, which were particularly heavy in the first half, and we have a plan to gradually improve margins during the second half. And as we mentioned, we have closed on our divestiture of our Russia business. We'll now turn to Kellogg North America and Slide number 33. As anticipated, net sales growth decelerated in the second quarter as elasticity continued to move higher and as we lapped last year's sizable replenishment of trade inventories. However, mid-teens price mix growth was sustained and we delivered solid organic growth in net sales. Importantly, we continue to recover gross profit margin, reflecting productivity, revenue growth management and diminishing bottlenecks and shortages. This enabled us to increase investments in our brands and still deliver 14% operating profit growth year-on-year. This region again generated organic net sales growth in all three category groups in the second quarter. Slide number 34 shows snacks, which represents over half of our North American net sales. In the second quarter, it grew net sales by 5% on top of a notably strong year earlier quarter, which had included retailer inventory replenishment. We also grew in frozen foods, shown on Slide number 35. In market, Eggo's consumption growth improved in the second quarter, continuing to moderate its share losses as our supply has improved. And Morningstar Farms gained share in the quarter as its supply is improving as well. All of the regions and categories we have discussed up to now will be part of Kellanova, and all of them are showing continued net sales growth to go with progress towards recovering margins. Now let's turn to our North America cereal business which forms the vast majority of what will soon be W.K. Kellogg Co. As shown on Slide number 36, this business continues to recover, growing its net sales in the second quarter despite lapping substantial retailer inventory replenishment last year. In the US the category remained in high single-digit growth in spite of gradually rising elasticities. Led by brands like Corn Flakes, Frosted Flakes, Rice Krispies and Raisin brand, we continue to gain share year-on-year and we continue to activate more commercial support, increase our distribution and increase our velocities. A similar recovery is happening in Canada, where we also continued to gain share in the second quarter. So this business is back on solid footing with more to come. Turning to Slide number 37. Our North America region had a very strong first half, giving us confidence in our full year expectations. Snacks should remain solidly in growth while Frozen is expected to continue to show improved performance, and our North America cereal business continues its recovery. We are off to an earlier-than-expected start to margin recovery in this region even as we reinvest more in our brands. So North America is in good shape as we set up for the spin-off of W.K. Kellogg Co. later this year. So let me summarize on Slide number 39. We continue to put up better-than-expected results. Our first half featured top line growth across our regions and across our categories with notable momentum in snacks around the world and our businesses in emerging markets. It also featured an earlier-than-expected recovery in profit margins, which enables us to reinvest in the business and sustain strong earnings and cash flow growth. Thanks to the passion and skill of our organization, we have not allowed the spin-off work to prevent us from delivering and even overdelivering on our plans. In fact, we're halfway through the year, and we've already raised our full year outlook twice. And the work we are doing for the spin-off will pay off. We are separating this great company into two, even better companies, one with enhanced focus and the fit-for-purpose strategy and resourcing it deserves and the other with a portfolio-oriented solidly towards growth. And we'll share with you our plans for both companies at our Day 8-K investor event next week. And with that, we'll open up the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session with publishing analysts. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much. Good morning, everybody. Steve, some food companies, as you've noticed this quarter -- some food companies this quarter have started to discuss maybe some recent shifts at least in what they're seeing in consumer behavior, in promotional activity and sort of elasticity in the US, some of which is to be expected as supply constraints are eased, of course. I was hoping you could talk a bit about any more recent shifts that you are seeing in your business, if any? And if they are outside of sort of what your expectations might have been even a quarter ago? Thank you.
A – Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Andrew. I'd say a couple of things. The consumer behavior is pretty much in line with our expectations. And I know probably underlying your question is also some volume questions around what's happening in North America, which was also in line with our expectations. You have to remember, obviously, we've taken such significant pricing over the last several years and elasticities have been almost nonexistent. So we've been forecasting their return for quite some time. And so in line with our expectations, we're also lapping inventory replenishment from last year. So it's pretty much where we expected it to be. In terms of consumer behavior, I'd say the shift that we're starting to see is consumers are really maximizing their pantries. They're closely managing their household inventories, their pantry inventories, zealously guarding against waste, as you would expect in this environment. And so we haven't seen shifts out of our category really. We haven't seen meaningful moves in private label or anything like that. I would just say a consumer that's ever more conscious of the strains on their household budgets, and we would expect that to continue moving forward. And as we look at our promotional activities for the balance of the year, we're also taking that into account. And we're pleased our service levels are going back up and allowing us to be a little bit more front-footed as we think about display execution, quality, merchandising and things of that nature.
Q – Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thanks so much and see you next week. 
A – Steve Cahillane: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cody Ross of UBS. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Cody Ross: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking our questions.
A – Steve Cahillane: Good morning, Cody.
Cody Ross: I just want to talk a little bit about the volume growth. Hey, good morning. I just want to talk about your volume performance in the quarter as that's what investors are really primarily focusing on these days. Your volume in developed markets, particularly the US came in below what we expected. How are you thinking about volume growth moving forward into the back half and into next year? And how much visibility do you have to return to volume growth? And what would those levers be to drive it? And then I have a follow-up.
Steven Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks, Cody. As I mentioned, volumes were in line with our expectations. It doesn't mean we're pleased about it, but take the level of pricing that we've taken, you have to see elasticity’s moving higher, which is exactly what we've seen. Our quarter two was amplified by lapping the year ago trade inventory replenishment in North America. There's no question about that. In Latin America, more than a third of our volume decline in the second quarter came from price pack architecture and calling of lower-margin SKUs, which was very much planned. So we've been planning on these elasticities returning and they have returned. I would say, on a go-forward basis, we're more optimistic and more constructive about our volumes. So I don't see – I don’t see this volume continuing this level. I see sequential improvement, and we do see, as we'll talk about next week in great detail exactly what that looks like as we return to a more balanced equation of volume versus price, but there's no question, this has been an unprecedented time in this industry with the type of pricing that's been necessary to take because of the input cost inflation. But we've got lots of dry powder as we think about the second half of the year to drive real quality merchandising. I'm talking about display execution, brand building with significant advertising spend, really creating those connections with our consumers. So, in line with expectations, admittedly a high volume decline, but nothing that surprised us going forward. And maybe Amit can build on that.
Amit Banati: Yeah. So just a couple of further builds, right? I think the one thing I'd point out is in quarter two, the inventory lap was the most pronounced. So I think that was most pronounced in this quarter. And so I think going forward, that will be lesser of an impact. I think from a rest of the year, we continue to focus decelerating sales growth. That's what's been implied. That's what's implied in our guidance. And it's a couple of things that's driving that. One is, we obviously start lapping last year's substantial revenue growth management actions, which were that much higher in the second half. And we continue to prudently assume higher elasticities for the rest of the year.
Cody Ross: Great. Thank you and I just want to follow up on that question, and you may have alluded to it already in your answer to my last question. But you ship below consumption or at least Nielsen consumption in North America this quarter. What drove that? Was that all lapping the serial over shipment last year of replenishment, I should say? And are you seeing any de-stocking from retailers as they try to manage their working capital. And then I'll pass it on.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, I'd say a good bit due to the replenishment and we're potentially seeing some retailer de-stocking. It's really hard to pin down when you're talking about a quarter. And we see that as a good thing, Cody. Obviously, service levels for the last year plus have been below normal levels, which required safety stock across the supply chain. As we get to service levels back above 95%, you'd see a renewed confidence, a growing confidence at retail and therefore, not needing to carry the same days of supply. And again, we don't see that as a negative. And we see, as we said, from a go-forward perspective, lots of confidence in our plans, which has led to us raising our guidance for the top line slightly.
Cody Ross: Thank you. Looking forward to next week.
Steve Cahillane: See you next week.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the David Palmer of Evercore. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. I think you said gross margins should be up 50 basis points year-over-year for the full year. I think I heard that right. If that's right, that implies something like a 30-plus basis point gross margin decline in the second half. What are some of the puts and takes we should be thinking about for gross margin and maybe a change in trend? And I have a quick follow-up.
Amit Banati: Yeah. So I wouldn't say there's a change in trend. I think we had always said gross margin would be up during the year. I think based on -- it's coming in faster than we expected, predominantly driven by bottlenecks and shortages receding faster than what we had thought. So I think the supply chain is performing really well. Are we seeing that in cost, we're seeing that in service levels. We'd expect that trend to continue. And I think when you kind of put it all together, our forecast right now is that we should be up about 50 basis points for the year.
David Palmer: And then I know from your filing, North America cereal adjusted gross margin was about 26% in the first quarter. I don't know, if it's too early for you to have that for the second quarter. But I'm just wondering, I know obviously, we'll be talking more next week, but how are you thinking about gross margin potential for that business? I would have thought a large-scale cereal business like yours, would be just naturally living at a much higher gross margin level. Just any thoughts? And of course, we'll see you next week. Thank you.
Amit Banati: Yeah. So I think we continue to recover both share and margin as that business recovers from the fire in strike through the cycle of replenishing inventory and full commercial execution. So that recovery is well underway, both from our top line share as well as a margin standpoint. And I think the go forward, we'll obviously discuss fully next week.
Steve Cahillane: Stay tuned for an exciting event next week, David.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pamela Kaufman of Morgan Stanley. The line is now open. Please go ahead.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi. Good morning. I was on mute. Can you discuss how much investments shifted into the second half of the year? I think you mentioned that in the prepared remarks. And just broadly how you're thinking about marketing and brand investment relative to your original plan given what you're seeing from a demand standpoint and increasing elasticities?
Steve Cahillane: Yeah, Pam, maybe I'll start and then flip it to Amit. I'd say we have clearly increased our investment in A&P in the first half of the year as we said we would. We were maybe a little bit more judicious as we continue to work through bottlenecks and shortages and get our confidence in our supply chain back to where it needs to be to really drive the type of quality merchandising that we want to drive. And so we see more ambitious plans in the second half. So we'll see an increase above the run rate that we had in the first half as we drive really good program against Pringles and Cheez-It, our cereal business and so forth. So, continued investment in the brands in a constructive way to drive good quality displays, and promotions on the floor into the second half. And so that's what you see happening. A little bit of dynamism going forward, but a confidence in our supply chain is a lot more solid than I'd say it's been really since the pandemic. I don't know, Amit, if you want to?
Amit Banati: No. I think there's been some shift. We always talk this year that we'd be lapping last year's pull down, right, as we went -- as we were building inventories in the first half of 2022. So, for the half, we were up mid-single digits on for the half in A&P. And so -- the quarter and so I think we'd expect some shifting of that into the second half.
Pamela Kaufman: Great. Thank you. And just wanted to ask what you're seeing -- what you're observing from the consumer outside of the US your results, especially in Europe were very strong. So, maybe if you could touch on what you're seeing in terms of consumer behavior across your geographies?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I'd say -- and we've talked about this in the past, Europe is probably under more strain in terms of household budgets than North America. But we performed very well in the second quarter, obviously, you saw our snacks grow nearly 20% on an organic basis. You saw positive growth in cereal. And so from that perspective, our brands are performing well. Our relationships with our customers are very, very constructive. We find the overlap of what they need for their consumers, which we share as we think about putting together promotions and programs that address a strained household budget environment in Europe. But I'd say the brands have performed very well. Our customer teams have performed in an excellent manner as we've executed unprecedented revenue growth management activities in Europe, and really continue to operate in a situation where household budgets remain under pressure. And for the foreseeable future, I think we'll continue to remain under pressure. But underlying that is a resilient consumer who continues to spend against discretionary items like Pringles and like our cereal brands.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open, please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Yes. Hey. Thanks. Good morning. I guess I just want to go back to -- I think it was David Palmer's question on the second half gross margin I didn't -- maybe it is me, I just didn't quite follow the answer. I do think the math suggests essentially no gross margin expansion in the back half, but you sound confident about the momentum you've got going into the back half. So, I just wanted to revisit that, if I could. And then a different topic entirely, but just on Nigeria, it sounded like from the way you described it that you didn't anticipate taking any incremental pricing from here post-devaluation that you've kind of been proactive on. I just wanted to play that back and talk through what the dynamics are and just kind of validate whether -- what the pricing outlook is in the context of devaluation going forward?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, I'll start with the Africa topline and then turn it to Amit to build on that and then address your gross margin question. I'd say the African team has really shown their skill, their savvy, their experience because we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've seen the devaluation of the de facto basis and have been transacting pretty much at the rate that it was the value to or close to it. And so that's why you see the level of pricing that we've been able to take, which really protects our margins going forward, and its underlying the performance in Africa. We'll continue to watch the currency. It's been, I think, the government, I give great credit for doing the things that are necessary, but very, very tough for the long-term of that economy in that country. And we'll continue to watch what's really happening with the currency as we always have and think about if it continues to work towards a continued evaluation, we'll price accordingly. And we price constantly to make sure that we're keeping track of the underlying currency as we see it. And so with that, I'll turn it back over to Amit then.
Amit Banati: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. So I think the devaluation that we are seeing right now is more of a catch-up in the official rate at which we translate, I think operationally, like Steve mentioned, we've been operating against the de facto devaluation that's happened. And you can see that in our pricing. And you can see that in our NSV growth, which has been north of 20% for the last few quarters. I think from a translation standpoint, Nigeria is about 10% of our sales. So with the devaluation, it's about a 4% impact on our overall NSV, which will be split between the two years, 2% this year and 2% next year. This has been incorporated into our ForEx guidance. So the guidance that I gave based on today's rates, of course, of around a 3% impact on NSV that incorporates the Naira devaluation. I'd also say that the impact on OP and EPS is less than 1%, and that's also been incorporated into the 1% negative impact of currency on the EPS. So that's Nigeria. I think from a gross margin standpoint, no, we're not -- we continue to expect gross margins to expand in the second half. So there's no change in trend. I think there's a little bit of variation based on seasonality between the quarters. But I think from an underlying standpoint, we continue to expect gross margin to be up in the second half.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thanks. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. Just a quick one for me. But thinking about the Investor Day next week. Can you clarify whether we'll get a guidance range on either earnings per share, or adjusted operating profit for each of the two businesses for 2024?
Amit Banati: Yeah, that's our intent. So I think our intent is to talk both give you a preliminary guidance given it's early on 2024, talk about long-term growth rates across key measures.
Alexia Howard: And guidance for next year as well, at least preliminary guidance with the range?
Amit Banati: Yes.
Alexia Howard: Perfect. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks operator. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to follow-up, I guess, on Pam's question. She asked a bit about investment shift to the back half. And I guess maybe just stepping back, like just looking at it more broadly, if we look at SG&A as a percentage of sales, it's running and it's been, I guess, the last six or eight quarters, it's been running about 200 basis points as a percentage of sales below where it was before last year. And so, I guess, as we kind of look thinking about that going forward, right? Is that kind of the new run rate? Is there still some rebasing of marketing spends that has to happen? So just really trying to understand, where SG&A as a percentage of sales have been running in roughly 20% range for a long time, and now we're or 20% to 21% and now we're kind of high 18%, 19%. Just is this really a good run rate going forward, or is there more spend that still has to be put back? Thank you.
A – Amit Banati: Yeah. I think, so firstly, there's been some phasing, right, when you compare it versus 2020 versus 2022. And we talked that, we started the year saying it will be much more first half weighted. I think that has shifted a little bit between first half and second half. I think to your question around levels of advertising, we're pleased with the levels of advertising. So I don't think we expect any rebasing needed going forward. On SG&A, we are catching up as meetings, travel, business returns to pre-pandemic levels. So I think that you'll see that catch-up I'd say that overall, you'd expect overheads to be up mid-single digits is to be up slightly higher than what we increased in 2022. So in 2022, we were up we'd probably be up this year as well at a slightly higher rate.
Q – Bryan Spillane: Okay. So it sounds as, if we're thinking about SG&A as a percentage of sales, if we go back past 2022, right, if you look at 2020, 2021, just the years before, it sounds like it's going to be net and lower as a percentage of sales, but the run rate was leading up before the pandemic?
A – Amit Banati: Yeah. I mean, there's been a lot of pricing that has come through. So I think we've been in this period of exceptional pricing. So, some of the ratios probably are displaced a little bit as that pricing has worked its way through the P&L.
Q – Bryan Spillane: That's great. Thanks Amit. That's very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Dickerson of Jefferies. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
A – Amit Banati: Rob? Are you on mute?
Q – Robert Dickerson: Hello? Can you hear me?
A – Amit Banati: Yes. Now we can.
Q – Robert Dickerson: I am sorry. Yeah. Yes, I just want to ask a broader question around [indiscernible] strike. If you think for like two quarters it seems kind of habitability as to why do you think that actually fully recovered, [indiscernible]?
A – Amit Banati: Rob, I think you were not entirely -- you're a little breaking up, but I think the question was around R-Tech and R-Tech recovery and where we see it. So I'll answer that question. I think that's what you're asking. We continue to recover the share. We talked about in the prepared remarks. In the first half of 2023, we gained 1.5 points year-on-year. We're also up year-on-year on a 13-week basis and a four-week basis. We're still recovering items. We're still recovering distribution points, and we see that continuing to recover. We have a long tail of SKUs we had. We took the opportunity to chop some of that tail to make efficiency gains in our plants, but there's still some recovery happening with the long-tail SKUs that we did not chop. And so we still see recovery on the horizon. I wouldn't really call it a recovery, but I just see it as ongoing momentum as we get back to where we were pre strike from a share perspective. And I think you'll see some ambitious plans next week. There should be no ceiling for our share ambitions when we think about what the potential of this business is. But we're pleased with the momentum. We're pleased with the plant performance. We mentioned also in the prepared remarks, we're running company and company right now, which is really exciting. We did the cutover over the weekend. And one of the things that means is there's now a separate sales organization for North American Cereal, which is, I think, one of the really exciting developments as we talk about two companies, two quality companies going forward. And so you'll have a sales organization that's 100% focused on North American cereal and they'll have goals that are ambitious and I think very achievable as we continue to look forward for North American cereal and what its true potential is.
Q – Robert Dickerson: Okay. Super. And then I guess just one quick follow-up is kind of pertaining, I guess, to Mr. Palmer's question earlier, just on the North America cereal profitability, that you provided us in Form 10. Is there anything kind of inherent within those profitability margins that could have been, let's say, kind of weighing on profitability potential again, more broadly speaking, relative to maybe what could come?
A – AmitBanati: Yes. We'll talk it in context next week. And I think we'll talk about the history as well as the go-forward plans, suffice to say that we've been through fire and in strike and that had an impact on the margin. So, I think maybe we'll have a fuller conversation on that next week.
Q – Robert Dickerson: Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Q – MichaelLavery: Thank you. Good morning. Just wanted to understand a couple of things on volumes. You've walked through the sales growth split by category and ways that would add up to W.K. Kellogg and Kellanova. But can you give how the volume split would have looked for each of those on a company NewCo basis for the second quarter?
A – JohnRenwick: We haven't .Yes, we haven't split it out.
A – SteveCahillane: We haven't split that, Michael. Next week, we will -- I mean, you're going to get a lot of detail next week about what it looks like and what our forecasts are going forward. But in terms of category splits on volume, it's not a level of detail that we've provided.
Q – Michael Lavery: Okay. And just on emerging markets, obviously, you had the serial comp, the restocking and a lot of things in the US and some different dynamics in developed markets. But EMEA volumes were also down that they had -- they were down a bit last year. What would be necessary to see better volume growth there? That's usually kind of historically where you would expect it is emerging markets. And so, can you just give us a sense of maybe what some of the pressure is there? Is it just macro? I know you mentioned the launch -- the expansion into places like South Africa, but how does that look going ahead? Should -- is that pressure likely to remain? When does it pick up? How do we think about that?
A – AmitBanati: Yes. I think we've seen elasticities rising in the quarter, right? We had expected that. We had focused that, and this quarter, in quarter two, we saw that. And I think we saw it in talking on EMEA or Latin America. In Latin America, we saw it in our cereal business, our cookies and crackers business in Brazil. We also did some rationalization of low-margin SKUs as part of our revenue growth management. So you're seeing that come through in the quarter. And I think it's really elasticities given the pricing that we've taken, and we talked a little bit about currency in Nigeria, where we've had to price not just for commodities, but also currency. So you're seeing the elasticities come through. I think going forward, from a lever standpoint, I think Steve talked about we've got -- we're excited about the commercial plan that we have in the second half. And I think as you start lapping the pricing, there'll be more balance between volume and price mix.
Q – Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Smith of Stifel. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Q – Matt Smith: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I want to follow-up on the commentary about the consumer environment and the category dynamics we're seeing where some categories we're seeing clearly a softer elasticity response lately. When you think about your promotional spending going forward, are there categories where you expect that to pick up in relation to where it was on a pre-pandemic basis, I'm thinking here, if you're approaching the cereal category differently than you are the snacking category, given the volume slowdown we've seen that seems to be more evident in cereal relative to the snacking categories where elasticities have been more stable overall?
A – Steve Cahillane: Yes. I think a couple of things. First, it's a bit of a tough comparison when you think about in North America cereal versus our snacks business because our cereal is obviously coming out of a very depressed environment because of the fire and the strike, really no promotional activity, no merchandising activity, and so we've got a ways to go to get back to where it was on a pre-pandemic basis, but we have every confidence that we're moving in that direction -- as our supply chain is working. I mean, it's working really at a pre-pandemic level in cereal, which is terrific. I already mentioned the replenishment of SKUs, the growth of distribution points and ACV. So we see that really moving in the right direction. From a snacking perspective, it's always been a very highly impulsive category. And so coming out of bottlenecks and shortages and low service levels, you don't get the type of quality display that really drives the type that we're used to seeing if your service levels aren't above the 95 percentage rate. And so as we think about the back half of the year and some of the things I've mentioned around quality merchandising and our confidence in our supply chain, we see that as a big opportunity for us going forward for brands like Pringles, Cheez-It, Rice Krispies treats, which are highly impulsive. Front end is important. Display disruption opportunities throughout the store is really important. And so we see -- we're really pleased with the type of plans that we have in place for the back half of the year that we think will drive continued good performance, which is why we're more constructive about volume going forward. And look at this past quarter's volume performance is in North America, as whether you call it a high watermark or a low watermark, but moving better -- moving clearly in a better direction based on everything that we see.
Q – Matt Smith: Thank you for that, Steve. Looking forward to seeing everybody in next week and I’ll leave it there and pass it on.
A – Steve Cahillane: Okay. Thank you.
John Renwick: All right, operator, I don't think we have time. We are at the half hour here. Thanks, everyone, for your interest, and please contact us if you have any follow-up questions to ask.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, welcome to the Kellogg Company's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session with publishing analysts. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and thank you, for joining us today for a review of our first quarter results and an update on our outlook for 2023. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Amit Banati, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Slide number 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of kelloggcompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. And now, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to be able to report a very strong start to the year. In fact, it was stronger than we had anticipated and puts us in the enviable position of being able to raise our outlook for the full-year. Our topline growth momentum continues as shown on Slide number 5. This was our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit organic net sales growth. And beneath the magnitude of our Q1 growth are promising trends. We continue to deliver above our long-term growth target. We continue to deliver broad-based growth across each of our four regions and across each of our four major category groups. Our soon-to-be Kellanova businesses continue to grow strongly, led by snacks in emerging markets, all paced by our highly differentiated world-class brands. Our soon-to-be WK Kellogg Co. businesses continue to show recovery in net sales, consumption and share. We have continued to execute revenue growth management actions across our businesses right through the first quarter in order to keep up with high input cost inflation and we have supported our growth with sustained innovation and with the supply improving, increased brand-building investment. So we feel very good about our topline growth momentum and outlook. We also feel good about restoring our profit margins. We said that this would be a year in which we stabilize and even improve our margins after being pressured the last couple of years by soaring input cost inflation, and inefficiencies in costs related to bottlenecks and shortages. The chart on Slide number 6 shows that margins are indeed stabilizing. In fact, better than expected margins are what drove most of the first quarter over-delivery versus our expectations. Aside from what we are lapping, what’s behind us improving underlying margin performance is what gives us increased confidence in the full-year. Firstly, we continue to execute well on productivity initiatives and revenue growth management actions, both of which are starting to more fully catch up with our input cost inflation. Second, we continue to improve our service levels and the bottlenecks and shortages that had created so much disruption are finally receding. So while costs remain high, we are pleased with the quick and pace of our profit margin recovery. And it's not just the financials that are off to a good start in 2023, Kellogg’s Better Days Promise, our social and environmental program continues to be a strategic priority for us. And as shown on Slide number 7, we were as active as ever in these areas during the first quarter. From actions visible in the marketplace, shown on the left-hand side of the page, the philanthropic and sustainability activities in the middle column, we continue to take an action-oriented approach. And the far right column shows that these actions continue to be recognized. We believe ESG is one of Kellogg Company's differentiating strengths and it will continue to be when we are Kellanova and WK Kellogg. And speaking of Kellanova and WK Kellogg, we are very pleased with how our spin-off work is progressing. Slide number 8 offers a high-level timeline of the work we are doing in order to be able to set up both companies for success, provide you with the strategic and financial information you need and execute the transaction. Everything is progressing well. The announcement of new company names has been well received by stakeholders. The organizational design work is finishing up with leadership team members already announced, and the remainder of talent placements coming later in the second quarter. The design and setup of systems and processes for WK Kellogg is underway and various post-spin transition services continue to be ironed out. Prior year carve out financials are being prepared and we expect to have them audited in the next couple of months. During the third quarter, we plan to test run WK Kellogg on its own from procurement to manufacturing, to invoicing to financials. And best of all, employee sentiment and engagement remain very high. We expect to be able to provide you with information via a Form 10 sometime in late summer, followed by an investor event, likely in late third quarter, during which we will be able to share with you the strategies, capital structures, and financial outlooks for both companies. That will all lead to the transaction, which takes place in the fourth quarter. Again, some of this is dependent on timing of regulatory and other customary approvals, but it should give you assurance that the information and transaction are not far away. And most importantly, all of this preparation work has only strengthened our convection that this spin-off creates value for share owners. We are setting up both companies for success. WK Kellogg Co. will benefit from focus and resource prioritization and Kellanova will be a higher growth company with 80% of sales coming from snacks in emerging markets. Now let me turn it over to Amit, who will provide you the financial details of our first quarter and full-year outlook.
Amit Banati: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide number 10, provides a summary of our first quarter financial results. Obviously, it was a very strong start to the year. Our 14% organic net sales growth was driven by sustained growth in price and mix. Net sales were better than expected principally because of volume. As Steve mentioned, we also performed better on profit margins than we had expected, leading to a very strong 18% increase in adjusted operating profit on a currency-neutral basis. This higher operating profit drove adjusted earnings per share to be 3% higher than last year on a currency-neutral basis. Remember, this growth is in spite of significant macro-related headwinds on our below the line items. In fact, higher interest expense and lower pension accounting income pulled EPS down by about 5 and 8 percentage points respectively, year-on-year in the quarter. Cash flow in the first three months decreased year-on-year as expected. This is related to the payout of 2022s incentive compensation in quarter one, cash outlets related to their spin-off and the timing of certain working capital items and capital expenditure. Now let's look at each metric in a little more detail. Slide number 11 lays out the components of our strong net sales growth in quarter one. Price mix growth was sustained in the mid-teens, reflecting revenue growth management initiatives around the world, which we implemented during 2022 and right through quarter one 2023 as we continue to work to offset high input cost inflation. Volume declined reflecting price elasticity, though not as much as we had expected for quarter one. Foreign currency translation reduced net sales by about 3 points, reflecting the stronger U.S. dollar against key currencies versus the prior year. As we will discuss in a moment, we are raising our organic net sales guidance for the year. Our outlook continues to prudently assume that price elasticities will sustain their upward move towards historical levels, and depending on the direction of input cost inflation that price mix will begin to lap last year's sizable revenue growth management actions. Nonetheless, there is no question that posting better than expected growth yet again in quarter one indicates strong underlying momentum in our business, giving us good confidence in our outlook. Next, let's review our gross profit performance on Slide number 12. As we've discussed numerous times, our objective in this high inflation environment has been to protect gross profit dollars via productivity savings and revenue growth management. As you can see on the chart, we have done a good job at this even considering the large and transitory impact in quarter four, 2021 and quarter one, 2022 of a fire and strike. And we've done this in spite of economy-wide bottlenecks and shortages, which have created significant inefficiencies and incremental costs. In the first quarter, we made our most progress yet. Productivity and revenue growth management continued to catch up to a high market-driven input cost inflation. Bottlenecks and shortages did diminish in the quarter a little sooner than we had projected. We did lap a negative residual impact from the fire and strike, but even excluding that estimated impact from last year, our gross profit dollars increased year-on-year. We also improved gross profit on a percentage margin basis as we lap the fire and strike and narrowed our underlying margin decline by more than we expected. Our plan was always to have a better second half than first half due to gradually improving supply conditions and the lapping of accelerated input cost inflation. This quarter one performance gives us that much more confidence that we can finish the year better than the flattish margin we had discussed previously. Slide number 13 depicts our SG&A expense, whose quarterly year-on-year changes this year are greatly affected by year-ago comparisons. As expected, our SG&A in this year's quarter one increased at a double-digit rate year-on-year as we lap in unusual decline in the year earlier period. That was when brand building had been pulled back because of supply disruptions, most notably during North America cereals inventory rebuild and as we lapped overhead, that was low because of low travel and meetings during the pandemic. As you can see on the slide, we start to lap a resumption of brand building and travel and meetings in quarter two, but it was really the second half last year when we move toward full restoration of both and also raised our incentive compensation accruals. But in absolute numbers, we feel good about our levels of investment in brands and capabilities and we remain on track for the full-year. Moving to Slide number 14, we can see that our growth in net sales and gross profit were more than enough to cover this year-on-year rise in SG&A expense, resulting in our 18% currency-neutral growth in adjusted basis operating profit. This is a fourth straight quarter of solid year-on-year growth. Importantly, we have sustained a multi-year upward trajectory on operating profit. Even excluding from the year earlier quarter, an estimated impact of the fire and strike, we continued to grow our dollars year-on-year in quarter one. In fact, our quarter one operating profit was higher than previous years quarter one operating profit as well, even dating back to prior to the Keebler divestiture. So obviously a strong start to the year and this gives us the confidence to raise our full-year guidance. Moving down the income statements, Slide number 15 shows that our operating profit growth was more than enough to offset what were severe headwinds within our below the line items. These below the line pressures were expected and will continue through the year. Interest expense increased significantly year-on-year due to higher interest rates. In dollars, we should see something close to this in each of the remaining three quarters of the year. Other income decreased sharply year-on-year, reflecting accounting of pension and post-retirement plan asset values and interest rates stemming from last year's decline in financial markets. Because of some favorability in some other items in this line, this quarter one figure is probably a little higher than what we will see in the remaining quarters. Our effective tax rate came in a little higher than expected, largely due to country mix and some other differences, and it was a little above a tax rate of about 22%. Average shares outstanding were up slightly year-on-year and we would expect that to be the case for the full-year as well. In addition, foreign currency translation was a headwind of a little more than 2%, believe foreign currency translation out of our guidance because it is out of our control and difficult to predict, but today's exchange rates would suggest a sequentially smaller impact in each remaining quarter, finishing the year with a negative impact of 1% to 2%. So while these below the line items are weighing down EPS as expected, it is important to remember that the operational side of our P&L through operating profit is very strong. Now let's turn to our cash flow and balance sheet and Slide number 16. As I mentioned earlier, our cash flow in quarter one was lower than last year's as we had expected. In addition to lapping a particularly strong year-ago period, this quarter, we experienced the payout of 2022s incentive compensation as well as incremental cash outlays related to the spin-off. Cash flow was also impacted year-on-year by timing of working capital and capital expenditure. We remain on track for our full-year guidance. Meanwhile, our net debt has been trending lower, contributing to our strong financial flexibility. So let's now summarize our guidance on Slide number 17. Keep in mind that while we expect the spin-off to be transacted during quarter four, our guidance assumes it takes place at year-end purely for simplicity reasons. Similarly, while the divestiture of our Russian business awaits government approval, our guidance assumes it remains in our portfolio for the full-year and the divestiture impact will be immaterial to adjusted basis EPS. We are raising our guidance for organic net sales growth to 6% to 7%, reflecting our better than expected performance in quarter one, which continue to demonstrate price realization and solid momentum across our portfolio. We maintained our assumption for decelerating growth as the year progresses, which reflects a likely return of elasticity towards historical levels as well as lapping a particularly substantial revenue growth management actions in the second half of last year. This 6% to 7% organic growth is well above our long-term target. We are raising our guidance for adjusted operating profit growth to 8% to 10% on a currency-neutral basis. This percentage point increase to the range reflects our stronger than expected quarter one. We feel increasingly confident in our ability to improve margins this year, which combined with our above target net sales growth will deliver operating profit growth that is also above our long-term target. Based on that improved operating profit outlook, we are raising our adjusted earnings per share guidance as well, now looking for a year-on-year decline of 1% to 3%. Remember that this decline is more than explained by the year-on-year reduction in pension and post-retirement income, a non-operating non-cash item that is expected to have a negative impact of nearly 7 percentage points on EPS this year. The negative impact of higher interest expense due to higher interest rates in the economy is another 4% plus. If it weren't for those two macro-related impacts, our guidance for EPS would be well above our long-term growth target. Our guidance for cash flow remains at $1 billion to $1.1 billion. Recall that within this guidance, we are expecting a year-on-year increase in our underlying cash flow, offset by one-time cash costs and capital related to the spin-off. So to summarize our financial position, sustained price realization continue to generate strong topline growth around the world and across our category groups. We like how our businesses are performing and we have confidence in our full-year sales outlook. Productivity and revenue growth management actions, along with diminishing bottlenecks and shortages and improving service levels have gotten us off to a good start towards improving our profit margins. Our financial flexibility is strong, marked by a solid balance sheet and cash flow that remains in good shape, even with some adverse timing in the first three months. Our guidance for 2023 has moved higher, continuing to expect net sales growth and operating profit growth that are above our long-term targets. The fast start of quarter one gives us that much more confidence in this full-year outlook, even giving us some flexibility relative to readying ourselves for the spin-off. We continue to make good progress on setting up both Kellanova and WK Kellogg for financial success. In addition to carving out of their financials, we are managing upfront expenditures, minimizing standalone costs for WK Kellogg and stranded margin for Kellanova, and we are ensuring solid capital structures and financial flexibility for both. And with that, I'll turn it back to Steve to walk you through our individual businesses.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. We'll organize our discussion around the businesses that will comprise Kellanova and WK Kellogg. Slide number 20 reminds you of the composition of the two businesses. And on the slide, you can see how our topline momentum in quarter one continue to span across our portfolio with both Kellanova and WK Kellogg posting double-digit organic net sales growth. Clearly, we are heading into the spin-off with good momentum. Let's start by discussing the Kellanova businesses leading off with our emerging markets regions. Slide number 21 shows the financial performance of our EMEA region. As you can see, this region sustained its exceptional momentum in the first quarter, posting a third consecutive quarter of organic net sales growth of at least 20%. And equally impressive, it expanded its operating profit margin and accelerated its operating profit growth to 21% year-on-year, and all this in spite of exceedingly high cost inflation and reinvestment into the business. Let's break the region down into key category groups, starting with snacks on Slide number 22. EMEA snacks posted yet another quarter of explosive topline growth in the first quarter, growing net sales at an organic rate of 26% year-on-year. This growth was broad-based across all of our major sub-regions, and it was led by its biggest brand Pringles. In market, Pringles continues to significantly outpace the high-teens growth of the salty snacks category in the region with notable growth and share gains in markets like Australia, Korea, Japan and Thailand. EMEA cereal also sustained strong momentum. As shown on Slide number 23, this business delivered double-digit organic net sales growth again in the first quarter. And this growth was broad-based with growth across each of our major sub regions, Asia, Australia, Africa and the Middle East, North Africa, Turkey region. In market, we have outpaced the cereal categories mid single-digit consumption growth in the region, which brings us to noodles and other in Slide number 24. Led by Multipro in Nigeria, this business continued to deliver organic net sales growth in excess of 20% in the first quarter. Even amidst high inflation and a currency demonetization initiative, Multipro continued to thrive, clear evidence of its competitive advantage and experienced management team. Meanwhile, we continue to expand our Kellogg Noodles business outside of Nigeria. So clearly, Kellogg EMEA is firing on all cylinders. For the full-year, we continue to expect sustained momentum across all three category groups, delivering yet another year of organic net sales growth, all while improving our profit margins. Now let's discuss Latin America, starting on Slide number 26. Kellogg Latin America in the first quarter delivered another quarter of double-digit organic net sales growth. This growth was led by Mexico, but we also saw strong growth in Brazil and our Central America and Caribbean sub-region. We expanded our operating margin in the first quarter, helping to grow our operating profit by 20% year-on-year, albeit lapping notably high cost in the year earlier quarter. Our snacks business in Latin America continued to deliver double-digit organic net sales growth as shown on Slide number 27. This growth was led by Pringles with notably strong growth in Mexico and Brazil. In market, the salty snacks category sustained double-digit growth in those two markets, and Pringles gained share in both. We also have kept pace with a very strong portable wholesome snacks category in Mexico and stabilized our share in cookies in Brazil. Kellogg Latin America also recorded double-digit organic net sales growth in cereal as shown on Slide number 28. This growth was broad-based with good growth across each of our sub-regions. In market, category growth rates remain robust in the region, and our consumption has kept pace in Mexico and gained share in Brazil and Puerto Rico. So Latin America continues to perform well. And for the year, we continue to expect this region to sustain strong topline momentum. It will be led by snacks, but also by growth in cereal with both supported by strong innovation and relevant brand news. We also expect Latin America to improve its profit margins this year, and it plans to do all this while working on separating its Caribbean cereal business as part of the spin-off. So both of our emerging markets regions are showing current momentum to go with their outstanding long-term prospects. Now let's turn to our developed markets, starting with Kellogg Europe in Slide number 30. Here we continued to post strong 8% organic net sales growth in quarter one with organic growth across our categories, salty snacks, wholesome snacks and cereal. The Kellogg Europe net sales growth would have been in the double digits were it not for Russia, which we were in the process of divesting. Operating profit declined slightly year-on-year, but it was comparing against an unusually strong year earlier quarter. In addition, if we were to exclude the Russia business, Kellogg Europe's operating profit would have been up year-on-year in the high-single digits. So our underlying European business is performing very well. In snacks, which represents just over half of our sales in Kellogg Europe, we posted another strong quarter as shown on Slide number 31. In fact, the first quarter marked a seventh quarter in the last nine in which we have posted double-digit growth in our European snacks business. Specifically, our organic net sales growth accelerated sequentially in the first quarter to 14% year-on-year, and this growth would have been almost twice that if it were not for Russia. In market, Pringles has sustained its double-digit growth momentum, gaining share in the region led by the United Kingdom and France. And in portable wholesome snacks, we are experiencing double-digit consumption growth overall, and we have gained 2 full share points in the UK led by Rice Krispies Squares. Our cereal business in Europe also sustained growth in the first quarter, as shown on Slide number 32. The growth was slower than recent quarters, as we have seen rising price elasticity as well as intentional reduction of certain less profitable merchandising activities. Nevertheless, we continue to execute well in a challenging market. So when we look at the full-year for Kellogg Europe, we continue to expect the region to post another year of solid topline growth led by snacks. In fact, this should be a 6th consecutive year of organic net sales growth in our European snacks business. As mentioned previously, we are navigating through cost and supply pressures, which are particularly heavy in the first half, and we are in the process of divesting our Russia business, a transaction that is contingent on Russian government approval. And now we'll turn to Kellogg North America, beginning with Slide number 34. As you can see, it was a very strong quarter for Kellogg North America. We recorded organic net sales growth of 14% with price mix accelerating for a fourth consecutive quarter as we continued to implement revenue growth management actions in order to catch up with input cost inflation. This revenue growth management, along with productivity and diminishing bottlenecks and shortages, enabled an expansion in profit margins that drove operating profit up 21% year-on-year. Importantly, we again generated organic net sales growth in all three category groups during the first quarter. Slide number 35 shows how our largest category group snacks sustained its net sales momentum by growing 15% in the quarter. In market, Pringles well outpaced the U.S. salty snacks categories double-digit growth led by our multi-packs and our core four flavors. In Crackers, Cheez-It lapped an exceptionally strong year earlier quarter, but we did see double-digit consumption growth by our Club and Townhouse brands. And in portable wholesome snacks, our decision to discontinue various Kashi bars and the prioritization of capacity constrained Pop-Tarts SKUs, masked continued momentum in Rice Krispies Treats, and a resurgent Special K bars business. Our Frozen Foods business also grew net sales in the first quarter, as shown on Slide number 36. Here the growth has been more modest in part because of supply disruptions both in our Eggo frozen breakfast business and especially in our Morningstar Farms plant-based foods business. Meantime, both Eggo and Morningstar Farms are leading brands with strong commercial programs planned. So we are confident in our ability to improve our frozen performance as the year progresses. All of the regions and categories we've discussed up to now will be part of Kellanova and all of them are showing strong and continued net sales growth to go with progress toward recovering margins. Now we're going to turn to our North America cereal business, which forms the vast majority of what will be WK Kellogg Co. As shown on Slide number 37, this business continues to recover rapidly and posted another quarter of double-digit organic net sales growth. In the U.S., the cereal category grew at a double-digit rate in the quarter, and we gained nearly 3 points of share year-on-year as our resumed commercial activity is producing share gains across our portfolio led by Rice Krispies, Special K, Raisin Bran and Frosted Flakes. This recovery is evident in our U.S. away-from-home business as well. We gained several points of share across each of our major channels, convenience stores, food service and schools. And in Canada, where the restoration of inventory has come a bit more recently, our consumption growth was even more pronounced, and we gained roughly 6 points of share year-on-year. So the recovery continues in our North America cereal business. Turning to Slide number 38, our North America region is off to a strong start in 2023, giving us confidence in the full-year. Snacks is expected to sustain its momentum, while we have plans in place to improve our performance in frozen and our North America's cereal business continues its recovery. We are off to a good start on a margin recovery in North America, even as we reinvest in our brands. So the business is in good shape as we setup for the spin-off of WK Kellogg. So let me summarize on Slide number 40. We are off to a very strong start to this year. Around the world and across our key categories and brands, we have clearly sustained growth momentum and our profit margins impacted over the last 18 months by accelerated input cost inflation, economy-wide bottlenecks and shortages and even a fire and strike are starting to recover. These underlying trends with a strong first quarter already in the books are what give us increased confidence in a raised full-year outlook that had already called for sales and profit growth above our long-term targets. But while we are executing our plan and delivering on our current year results, we are also busy creating the future. This includes most notably our plan spin-off of our North America cereal business. We are full steam ahead on this work as we work through every detail of this important undertaking, we have become only more confident that this will create real value for our share owners. We will have a more focused WK Kellogg able to leverage its scale in North America cereal with a fit-for-purpose strategy, expertise and resource allocation, and we will have a greater visibility into a global snacking-oriented Kellanova that has been and will continue to be delivering above average financial performance. I couldn't be more proud of and grateful for our team members around the world who are executing with agility and passion emits in an external environment that remains incredibly dynamic. And with that, we'll open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We now begin the question-and-answer session with publishing analysts. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of David Palmer from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
David Palmer: Thanks. Question on gross spending. I would imagine this is the year that you're getting past a lot of supply chains, both supply chain issues both upstream and within the company. And I'm wondering, if you could just talk to where the biggest growth spending energy is being applied, whether that's advertising and promotion and innovation in areas of the world and parts of the business? Thanks.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, David. I want to make sure I understand the question. But in terms of reinvesting in the business, we are certainly investing in brand building. There's no question about that. We're investing in innovation and we're investing in capacity. And so we are obviously coming out of the pandemic and the supply disruptions, the bottlenecks and shortages as so many other companies are, and we're investing for growth. And you see that, you see that in our upgraded guidance for the topline, you see that in the better service levels that we're delivering to our customers, you see that in Pringles expansion around the world, which requires CapEx. And so it's really in those main areas. And again, if I understood the question, that's essentially where we're looking to deploy those resources.
David Palmer: Yes. I mean, I guess, I'm just looking for examples and metrics with regard to the number of new products, the ability for you to get those things on the shelf and whether you're going to be layering in promotion spending as you go through this year, I think there's some concern that volumes in this space don't improve or don't hold up through the year as pricing rolls off. So these types of things can help people feel better about those volume metrics as you get later in the year.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. I see, David. So I have heard some of the commentary around promotions and so forth, but brand building is up, innovation is up. And this notion that merchandising is returning to pre-pandemic levels. We're not quite there yet, but it's improving. And remember, merchandising, which some see is one element of the outcome of price promotion, get your product out on the floor, gets your consumers interrupted in their shopping patterns and we see it as a good thing. In terms of just going forward in innovation, the bar of innovation, I've said this in the past, has clearly gone up as SKU counts went down during the pandemic. So that's been raised. And we are very pleased with our topline performance. We're pleased with our ability to raise that guidance. And we're pleased with our margins where they are in the recovery in margins. So all that being said, I think the environment is a good environment. It's an environment that we're being successful in, we're being competitive in. And I think it's a positive environment as we look into the future.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Steve, I guess I've got a bit of a higher-level sort of – hi there – a little bit of a higher level industry question for you. It looks as though we may finally be heading in earnest towards a more normal operating environment following three-plus years of all of the anomalous dynamics. And I guess I'm curious how you think this transition for the group to normalcy will look not just for Kellogg, but where the industry as a whole. I guess, in other words, do you think this transition to normalcy can be made in a somewhat orderly way? Or should investors have their expectations in check, maybe potentially for more uneven results for some time as pricing has lapped and perhaps it takes more time for volumes to pivot more positively. Basically, I'm just trying to assess whether we see more of like a hard or a soft landing, if you will, for food manufacturers as we kind of move into the more normal operating phase, if you will. Thanks so much.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Andrew. I love some of the words you used in their normal and predictable and soft landing. Clearly, we've come through the last three-plus years in facing all these unprecedented challenges. We said as Kellogg that we would exit the pandemic a stronger company. And many of our competitors said the same thing, and we certainly have. And I think that puts us and the industry in a good position to actually come into this next kind of era, if you like, in a much stronger fashion without some of the disruptions and challenges that you alluded to. I mentioned to David in the earlier comment, the BARDA innovation has been raised. That is unquestionable. There is no question that innovations have to be better. They have to be performing right out of the gate. Shelf space is more valuable than it's ever been today in my years in the business, supply chains have had to become more agile. There's no question about that. Our supply chains have all been challenged to the degree they never have before. They've become more agile, but they've also used and utilized new technologies. We're deploying technologies like artificial intelligence, machine learning. We're getting better and better at predictive really end-to-end. The relationships with our customers, I think, again, during the pandemic, it was about how do we serve our consumers, our joint consumers in ways that we never had to face before. We had all sorts of challenges with respect to that. But now supply chains have come through stronger as well and the relationships with consumers, I think, are more end-to-end than they've ever been before. And so looking to eliminate friction is something that we talk to our customers all the time about joint business plans start with how do you eliminate waste end to end, how do you grow the size of the prize, while we serve the common consumer. And I guess the final thing I'd say is the whole world of marketing has changed like it never has before. The true promise of one-to-one marketing that we've been talking about for so many years is upon us with data and analytics, more sophisticated than they've ever been, first-party data, more robust and more available than it's ever been to really target consumers in a way that marketers have dreamed up for years. And so you put all these things together, and it's not 1987 anymore. I think it is a really – it's not to be too rosy about it, but it's a new morning and it's, I think, a very, very promising outlook as we look towards how our industry and how Kellogg will perform in the future, we're very optimistic about the future for all of those reasons.
Andrew Lazar: Really appreciate the thoughts. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Bryan Spillane: All right. Terrific. Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Amit, I wanted to just ask a little bit about inflation. I'm not sure, I might have missed it, but did you give us an update on where cost of goods inflation was in the quarter and what you're expecting, I guess, for the balance of the year? And maybe if you can just give us a little bit of color on kind of what's moving in each direction. I think we're beginning to see some relief on like resins, some packaging costs. So just if you can just sort of unpack for us a little bit just kind of the COGS basket, where it stands and kind of what we should be looking at as we go forward.
Amit Banati: Sure. So I think if you look at cost came in largely in line with expectations from a commodity standpoint. I think our outlook for the year continues to be mid-teens inflation. So no significant change than what we had talked in our last call. Certainly, there are some movement in some commodities. But like we've talked previously, we obviously have a hedging program. So some of that would flow through as hedges roll across. Very pleased with the performance in the first quarter. I mean if you look at our gross profit dollars, they were up 16% on a currency-neutral basis, so strong double-digit growth in our gross profit dollars. No question aided by the fire and strike in quarter one. But even if you look at it from a full-year standpoint, I think based on our quarter one performance, we are now saying that our gross profit dollars would be slightly ahead of our net sales growth. So we had talked previously of flattish gross margins for the year. I think based on what we're seeing right now, we expect our gross margins to be up slightly for the year.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Thanks for that. And just as we're thinking about the flow of that, does the inflation moderate as the year goes on? Or is it pretty steady through the year?
Amit Banati: I think the lap – I'd say, overall, it's in the mid-teens inflation. I think the lap would moderate in the second half because that's when we saw commodities kept going up last year. So you'll start lapping that in the second half. So the year-on-year moderation will certainly be more back half weighted.
Bryan Spillane: All right. Terrific. Thanks, Amit.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Thanks very much. I wanted to ask a quick question on LatAm. The volumes were down year-on-year. I think by the largest negative number in a few years. Obviously, a lot of that was to be expected given the pricing. But just sequentially, pricing wasn't up quite as much as 4Q, and the volume comp wasn't, I guess, that burdensome. So I'm just curious how you think about that particular region. Some of the tonnage numbers we're seeing there and how that relates to the previous questions about leaning into promotions a little bit more.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Ken. I'd start with overall very positively disposed to our results in Latin America. When you look at the disruption and you look at from a macroeconomic standpoint and all the things that are challenging in emerging markets in general, Latin America has been a pretty kind of steady place to be for the last several years up until about two years ago where we started to see a return to some of the macroeconomic challenges, the geopolitical challenges and so forth. So with that, we're very pleased with our performance. But we are seeing a rise in elasticity in Latin America. And that's no surprise. You see very high price increases to overcome the input cost inflation, and it's worsened by transactional ForEx over the past several quarters as well. It's been most pronounced in cereal, but we continue to perform well in cereal, in Mexico, especially big cereal business. And then when you look at our Pringles business in key markets, doing very well. Obviously, we added some capacity a couple of years ago in Brazil, put some lines of Pringles in. Pringles continues to perform very well in Latin America. So our outlook for Latin America remains strong, we're pleased with the performance there, but it's obviously an emerging market. So it comes with some volatility.
Kenneth Goldman: Great. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning folks. Thanks for spot me in. The comment you made early, Steve about Cereal Co. or WK Kellogg Co. I think is what we're calling it, maybe not the Co at the end. But if that business effectively being stood up and running independently in the third quarter, it was interesting. How much functional overlap will there still be? And I guess what I'm kind of angling at here is it sounds like you may actually be. We're all breaking out about like how big the stranded cost and separation is going to be. What's the incremental cost nuggets could be? It sounds like you may actually be absorbing a lot of that in this year's guidance. Is that right? Thanks.
Jason English: That is right, Jason. That is in our guidance, the incremental cost of standing that up. We're doing something called company and company, which is essentially running water through the pipes so that we make sure that when we do spin-off the business, it's ready to go. And what I'd say in terms of stranded costs, trended margin, obviously, that's coming, but any kind of – the way you portray that, I would say, we're very confident, very confident in our ability to stand up these two companies with strong capital structures and very strong outlooks. And so I think many investors will be quite pleased when they see us come in the summer time during our Investor Day. We can't say much right now. But I'm very confident that those two businesses will be stood up, stood up strong with very strong outlooks. And I think you'll see the value creation and the value unlock will be an aha, aha moment for those who don't quite get it yet.
Jason English: Great. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Steven Cahillane: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi. I think you mentioned at the beginning of the prepared remarks that volume came through a little better than expected. I know it's still down, but it sounded though that was stronger. Can you give us a bit of color about where it was stronger? And do you expect that volume trajectory to improve as price growth flows through the course of the year? Or how much do you expect it to improve?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Alexia. I'll start, and Amit may want to add. And so volume was clearly better. And if you look at it compared to historical elasticities, it's better everywhere. There's no question about that. And that's not unexpected in a world where inflation is across the board, right? So it's all relative, and you have to think about the relativity of our categories versus more discretionary categories. Having said that, very good performance in North America relative to historical elasticities, very strong performance in EMEA relative to elasticities. I talked about Latin America, where we had elasticities rising a bit more, Europe, you see a lot of noise in there based on Russia and so forth, but a little bit more elasticity there. And so across the board, very good performance, standout performance in North America and EMEA relative to overperforming versus elasticities. When we think about the back half of the year, the remainder of the year, we are prudently assuming that elasticities start to increase and approach not quite historical levels, but on a march towards historical levels. And we think that's just a smart planning assumption. We'll see how it unfolds.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Stephen Powers: Great. Hey. Thanks, and good morning. I was actually going to ask a very similar question to the one that the Jason answer or asked. I think you answered that one pretty clearly. I guess the only thing I'd tack on to it maybe is you mentioned you cited that both Kellanova and WK Kellogg pro forma grew low-double digits in the quarter, and I realize you're constrained by giving us too much detail. But just given that disclosure, and I'm thinking about – as I think about the 6% to 7% full-year organic growth guide, is there any way you can frame us a little bit about how you expect those two businesses to be contributing to that 6% to 7% on the year so we can get a little sense of expected momentum as we go into the new regime. Thank you.
Amit Banati: Yes. I'd say, Steve, we've got great momentum in both businesses. I think you've seen the results of Kellanova, good broad-based growth across all our categories, both in the U.S., internationally and across our categories as well. I think North America cereal, we're very pleased with the recovery that we are seeing there from a share standpoint, and that would continue to be the focus for the rest of the year. So there's good momentum across both the businesses.
Steven Cahillane: Did we understand your question correctly, Steve?
Stephen Powers: Sorry, I was on mute. Yes. Thanks. I guess, if there's any way to provide a little bit of quantification around sort of the contribution of each of those businesses to that 6% to 7% on the year, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Amit Banati: Yes. We don't have that, Steve. So I think what we'll do is probably in the Investor Day, we'll probably give you a lot more details of each of the two businesses. I mean, obviously, Kellanova is about 85%. So the 6% to 7% that we're talking for the overall companies being driven by Kellanova. And I think like on North America cereal, what you saw in the first quarter, we were clearly lapping the fire and strike. So the double-digit growth was lapping that. You'd expect that to normalize as we go through the course of the year.
Stephen Powers: Yes. Okay. Thank you.
Steven Cahillane: Steve, maybe if it's helpful. As you look at syndicated data, you can look at the North American cereal business, and you see a lot there. And then as Amit said, 85% of the business is Kellanova. You look at the EMEA results, you look at the Europe and look at North America snacks, you can probably get a pretty good sense of what that looks like.
Stephen Powers: Yes. No, I think that's all fair. I was just looking to see if you had, if you, I get it. Thank you very much.
Steven Cahillane: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question today comes from the line of Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Pamela Kaufman: Good morning.
Steven Cahillane: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: Question on your EPS guidance for the year. Just given the magnitude of the Q1 beat, why not raise your full-year guidance by more than 1% were Q1 results more in line with your internal expectations versus where the street was? Or are there factors weighing on the EPS growth outlook over the rest of the year that temper the flow-through of Q1 upside?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think like we talked earlier in the call and in the prepared remarks, obviously, very pleased with the Q1 over delivery. I think it's still early in the year. We talked a little bit about being prudent on our elasticity assumptions and price elasticity assumptions for the rest of the year. We're being prudent from a separation and spin standpoint, Steve talked a little bit about building into the guidance some of the costs associated with the spin in quarter three. So I think it's a balance of being prudent on our volume assumptions and our elasticity assumptions for the year. And it's early in the year, but obviously, very pleased with the underlying momentum in the business and the strong start.
Pamela Kaufman: Got it. Thank you. And then just on Europe, pricing came in very strong there, but volumes did soften – what are you seeing in terms of consumer behavior in Europe? And have you finalized your price negotiations there?
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Pam. So what we're seeing in Europe is, as I mentioned earlier, a little bit more elasticity a little bit more channel shifting than we're seeing in some of the others. Obviously, a big impact on Russia, which obviously, we stopped shipping in Russia and we're divesting the business in Russia. But getting back to Continental Europe, shoppers are doing some channel shifting, as I just mentioned, hard discounters, clearly growing their businesses. That has a disproportionate benefit to private label. Within our portfolios, we're seeing a little bit more. And these are modest coming from small bases, but a little bit more private label growth in Europe, in Europe, cereal than we would be in the rest of the world. So no surprises. Europe is a challenging environment. But again, our results in that challenging environment are something that we're very proud of, very proud of the way the team has delivered. And as we said in our prepared remarks, when you strip out the effect of Russia, you see even better performance there. So one to watch, but one that we're – we've got very, very good plans in place for the back half of the year and even indeed into next year.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Max Gumport from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Max Gumport: Hey. Thanks for the question. In the release and in the prepared remarks today, you discussed supply bottlenecks and shortages that are beginning to moderate. This has been a key pressure point for the industry, both in terms of supply chain disruptions we've seen and also inflation given conversion costs associated with upstream suppliers in particular. So I was hoping you could double-click on the drivers of the improvement that you're seeing there? And also how much recovery is still left to go? Thanks.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So Max, I'll start, and again, Amit can add. I'd say the easy answer – the short answer to that question is supply constraints, bottleneck shortages are improving almost everywhere. And so everything from the driver shortages that we talked about, the ocean freight shortages, containers being in the wrong place at the wrong time. All these things that only a year ago, the entire industry was struggling with had become much more normalized. We still have the odd shortages, inventory not being in the right place from some of our suppliers. But I mean literally, every day, it's getting better. We talked – I know a couple of times on these calls, about a control tower approach that we took and things that were elevated to the top of the control tower, if you like, that took manual interventions to get done, those are down dramatically. So the type of automation and the type of supply chain that we had before the pandemic is much closer to being real today than it was. We're not back to just-in-time inventories. We're not back to where we were. I don't think anybody is. But we're much closer and the outlook going forward continues to be one – definitely much more of optimism than what we saw up to this point. In the second half of the year, we see continued improvement.
Amit Banati: The only thing I'd add is we're seeing that flow through into the P&L. And I think that was one of the drivers of the improved margin performance in quarter one. And certainly, the reason why we have confidence in raising our guidance for gross margin.
Max Gumport: It's all great to hear. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Rob Dickerson from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Robert Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. Maybe just a quick question for you, Amit. Just around your – I guess, around Steve's comments, about kind of the potentially very attractive momentum in the two separate businesses. Remember, CAGNY, you kind of went through some incremental detail, I believe, in the TSA agreement. So excuse my ignorance here if everybody already knows this, but I was just kind of looking for kind of maybe a kind of a clarification how the TSA agreement actually works because my sense is kind of what I feel is the there's actually a payment to the Snacks Co. that provides you time to offset dis-synergies, if that makes sense. And maybe if you could just kind of clarify how that works? That's all I have. Thanks.
Amit Banati: Yes. So we're making good progress on the TSAs of the transitionary service agreements across a number of areas, and we're putting those into place. I mean these TSAs cover areas like IT services, global shared services, transportation, logistics. So those will be the bulk of the transitionary service agreements. They are varying in nature and from a timing standpoint, but could extend up to two years. And obviously, that provides a stability, business continuity as well as helps offset the dis-synergies and gives both organizations time to address and put in place the right long-term structures appropriate for their businesses. So that's kind of where we are.
Robert Dickerson: All right. Super. That's all. Thank you.
John Renwick: Operator, we have time for one quick last question.
Operator: Perfect. Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. Just was wondering if you could elaborate…
Steven Cahillane: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: Yes. Good morning. I was wondering if you could elaborate a little more on the restoration of marketing spending. And specifically, maybe if you're thinking of that in dollar terms or as a percent of sales, obviously, with pricing driven sales growth on a unit basis, the spend goes a little further if you do it as a percent of sales. Just curious where you land there and how to think about how that all evolves.
Amit Banati: Yes. So we're pleased with the overall level of spending. And we'd expect it to be up, overall SG&A to be up similar to what it was up last year, low single-digit rates. I think within the year, obviously, there's a lot of phasing. If you recall, last year, we had pulled back in the first quarter. And then even in the second quarter, as we were restoring supply on the U.S. cereal business. This year, obviously, we've got a full commercial plan. And so I think in the quarter, we were up double-digit against a low base, I think you'll see that reverse out in the rest of the year. But overall, when you kind of look at it and if you put aside the noise of the lap of the fire and the strike, we're very pleased with the levels of investment. As Steve mentioned, we're investing across the world, both in our brands as well as in innovation, and we're pleased with the levels of spend that we have.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you.
John Renwick: Operator, we are at 10:30. So if you don't mind, we'd have to close it out right now. But if anyone has any follow-up calls, please do not hesitate to call us.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-09 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Kellogg Company's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks there will be a question-and-answer session with publishing analysts. At this time I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call. 
John Renwick: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results as well as our outlook for 2023. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Amit Banati, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Slide Number 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. This is a particular note amidst the current operating environment, which includes unusually high input cost inflation, global supply disruptions, and other uncertain global macroeconomic conditions, all of whose direction, length, and severity are so difficult to predict. A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of kelloggcompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. And now, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John and good morning, everyone. The fourth quarter completed what was an excellent year, competitively, financially, and in terms of the grit and skill, our organization demonstrated in executing through what were truly extraordinary circumstances. The strength of our snacks portfolio was clearly evident with double-digit net sales growth across all regions underpinned by strong end market performance. We sustained exceptional growth in emerging markets led by our noodles and other portfolio in Africa, but also posting strong growth in snacks and cereal across EMEA and Latin America.  We mitigated the profit impact of unusually high input costs that accelerated during the year, leaning into productivity and carefully executed revenue growth management actions. We navigated through economy wide supply bottlenecks and shortages and worked to restore capacity in much of our business, most notably in North America Cereal and North America Frozen Foods. The result of all of this was strong financial delivery that exceeded expectations throughout the year prompting us to raise guidance more than once this year for net sales, operating profit and EPS and still over deliver that guidance thanks to a strong fourth quarter. We also announced, planned, and made significant progress towards a separation of our company that will not only improve performance of North America Cereal Co., but provide clearer visibility into the strength of the snacks oriented parent company.  With all of this going on and amidst global supply disruptions and high costs, we kept our focus on sustaining momentum in all of our businesses. We stay true to our deploy for growth strategy, leveraging our growth shaped portfolio, orienting our brand building and innovation towards winning occasions and sustaining momentum in our biggest world class brands, all while working to restore service levels and leveraging all levers of revenue growth management in an attempt to keep up with soaring cost inflation. The results of this focus on sustaining momentum are shown clearly in our organic net sales growth which is shown on Slide Number 6. Not only did our sales come in ahead of expectations every quarter, but our growth accelerated sequentially every quarter and this growth was impressively broad based in all four of our regions and in all four of our major category groups, snacks, cereal, frozen and noodles and other. We also remain committed to our better day’s strategy towards environmental, social, and governance practices. Slide Number 7 show some examples of tangible actions taken and recognitions received during the fourth quarter alone, illustrating this continued commitment. And you can expect us to maintain this focus on execution and reliable financial delivery in 2023.  Slide Number 8 shows that you can expect many of the same drivers of this financial delivery as we saw in 2022. Our snacks business, which is roughly half of today's Kellogg Company should see sustained momentum led by truly world class brands. In our strong emerging markets businesses, we expect to continue to drive growth and manage through what are always interesting macroeconomic conditions. Input cost inflation remains high, which means we will again be focused on realizing productivity and cost savings supplemented by utilizing all levers of our database revenue growth management disciplines around the world. And we continue to progress on our supply recovery in specific businesses. As a result, we are forecasting growth in net sales and operating profit that are above our long-term targets even as we continue to invest in the enhancement of capabilities, service levels, and the strength of our brands.  Meanwhile, we continue to March towards the separation into more focused companies, starting with the spinoff of North American Cereal Company still scheduled for late this year. Work has progressed on the carving out of financials, the designing of new organizations, and the separation of key systems and processes. Separately, you'll recall that we were exploring strategic options for the plant based food business which represents about 2% of our company's net sales. Given current market conditions as well as our confidence in this business as a long-term growth vehicle, we have decided to retain it as part of global snacking company. We remain as confident as ever in the value to be created by making global snacking company and North American Cereal Company more focused with better visibility into and valuation of their performance and outlook. In short, we are poised for another good year of results.  Before discussing our businesses in detail, let me now turn it over to Amit for a review of our financials.
Amit Banati: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide Number 10 provides a summary of our 2022 financial results. A better than expected performance in quarter four drove us to hit or exceed our guidance for the full year. Our net sales led the way accelerating to 16% organic growth in the fourth quarter and resulting in 12% organic growth for the year, which was higher than expected. This top line growth more than offset a sizable year-on-year increase in investment resulting in our adjusted basis operating profit growing 20% on a currency neutral basis in quarter four. This brought our full year growth to 7%, also exceeding expectations.  Our adjusted basis earnings per share increased 17% on a currency neutral basis in quarter four despite being weighed down by the as anticipated increase in interest expense and reduction in pension income related to the decline in financial markets. This quarter four performance resulted in full year EPS growth of 5% on a currency neutral adjusted basis, ahead of our expectations. Cash flow came in at about $1.2 billion and increased from the prior year and in line with our expectations. Excluded from our currency neutral results of course is foreign currency translation, which reduced our net sales, operating profit, and earnings per share by about four percentage points in quarter four and about the same for the full year EPS.  Now let's look at each metric in a little more detail. Slide Number 11 plays out the components of our strong net sales growth. Our double-digit organic growth and net sales in 2022 was driven by price mix which accelerated in the second half as we continued to execute revenue growth management actions around the world to cover accelerated input cost inflation. Volume grew slightly in the quarter due to continued recovery in North America Cereal and declined only modestly for the full year, reflecting both price elasticity that has not moved up as much or as soon as we had expected, as well as our replenishment of trade inventories during the year as our supply improved. Foreign currency translation was a headwind all year, with particularly adverse impacts in quarter three and quarter four.  Let’s discuss gross profit on Slide Number 12. Supply disruptions created incremental costs and inefficiencies throughout the year and input cost inflation accelerated across the year. Yet because of productivity efforts and effective revenue growth management actions around the world, we were able to largely offset the dollar impact of those higher input costs and we grew our overall gross profit dollars this year. In fact, our gross profit dollars came in higher than expected both in quarter four and the full year. From a percentage margin perspective, though, there is a mechanical impact of matching input cost inflation which price realization. And because we could not cover the unpredictable inefficiencies from economy wide bottlenecks and shortages. We did see year-on-year increase in gross profit margin in quarter four as we lapped the first of two quarters impacted by the fire and strike and we finished the full year in line with expectations we had communicated. In 2023 we expect to continue to grow gross profit dollars while our margin stabilizes and improves slightly during the year. Some of this is related to the fire and strike impact being one time in nature largely isolated to quarter four 2021 and quarter one 2022. And some of it will come from bottlenecks and shortages gradually diminishing. But this improved margin performance will also be driven by price realization catching up to input cost inflation that is expected to moderate in the back half of the year. Moving down the income statement on Slide Number 13, we see how our SG&A accelerated its year-on-year increase across the year just as we said it would. After having been curved during severe supply disruptions including the fire and strike in North America our advertising and promotion investment was ramped back in the second half and finished the year roughly flat with 2021. Overhead meanwhile increased year-on-year in all four quarters as we gradually returned to travel and meetings and as we accrued higher incentive compensation related to our above budget financial performance. In 2023 the quarterly phasing of SG&A expense will be affected by lapping last year’s North America’s Cereal pull back on brand building in the first half and rapid ramp up in the second half.  Slide Number 14 shows our continued upward trajectory on operating profit. Operating profit in the fourth quarter was up 16% year-on-year including a negative currency translation impact of almost 4 percentage points. While it was lapping a year earlier decline due to last year’s fire and strike, this year’s quarter four profits was above that of two years ago. Importantly it featured exceptional topline growth and a significant year-on-year increase in investment. For the full year our operating profit increased by 4% after a negative 3% impact for currency translation. As you can see on the slide, this operating profit was not only higher than 2021, it was also higher than two and three years ago.  Slide Number 15 shows are below the line items which were again collectively negative to EPS growth in the quarter and therefore the full year. Driven by non-operating factors, they will be an even larger headwind in 2023. Interest expense was up sharply year-on-year in quarter four as rising interest rates affected the roughly one fifth of our debt that is floating. The quarterly run rate for 2023 interest expense will likely be a bit higher than this quarter four level. Other income decreased in quarter four and the full year. Most of this was related to the media remeasurement of certain U.S. benefit plans, though in quarter four it was partially offset by better than expected FOREX gains and interest income that we do not expect to repeat. As we have discussed previously, the decline in benefit plan income is related to 2022's fall in financial markets, which reduced the value of planned assets and raised interest rates. We remeasured about half of our planned exposure in the second-half of 2022 and 2023 will feel the impact of remeasuring all of our plans. Hence, we could see a year-on-year decline in other income in 2023 that is almost twice the decrease we recorded in 2022. Our effective tax rate came in a little higher than expected in quarter four and therefore the full year, mostly reflecting geography mix. For 2023, we expect the tax rate to be approximately 22%. Our JV earnings and minority interests were collectively flattish year-on-year in quarter four, finishing the year higher than last year, led by good performance by our joint ventures. Collectively, these are expected to be relatively flat in 2023. And average shares outstanding were flattish in 2022 as increased options exercises by employees over the course of the year offset the benefit of share buyback executed early in the year.  Our cash flow and balance sheet also remained in very good shape as shown on Slide Number 16. Our cash flow increased year-on-year despite year-on-year swings in sales and receivables in December as we lapped last year’s fire and strike. This increase in cash flow over the past few years has helped us to reduce our debt right through 2022, leading to lower leverage ratios. This has given us enhanced financial flexibility even as we have continued to increase cash return to shareowners in the form of an increased dividend and buybacks this year. Let's now pivot to 2023, starting with Slide Number 17 and some key assumptions behind our guidance. First and most importantly, we expect to sustain a strong business momentum. Between price realization, the momentum of our categories, and the strength of our brand plans we are confident we can achieve another year of above algorithm net sales growth. And while input costs inflation remains high, it should decelerate year-on-year in the second half, and the same can be said for bottlenecks and shortages. Therefore, we expect to generate above algorithm growth for operating profit as well in 2023. Next, our guidance reflects the impact of headwinds on our non-operating below the line items. Interest expense will increase substantially because of the rise in interest rates worldwide. And non-cash pension income will drop sharply owing to lower asset values entering the year and to a higher interest charge reflecting the rise in interest rates. The pending spinoff of North America Cereal Co, is still targeted to be executed towards the end of the year. For simplicity reasons only our guidance assumes it remains in our results for the full year. Slide Number 18 shows our guidance by key metric. Organic growth in net sales is forecast to be in the 5% to 7% range, another strong year. Given the cost environment this growth will be weighted towards price mix, reflecting revenue growth actions from both 2022 and this year. Importantly, this net sales growth is expected to be broad based across our portfolio and led by momentum in snacks and in emerging markets. On an adjusted basis and excluding currency, we expect operating profit to grow in the 7% to 9% range. This above target growth will be driven by the strong net sales, which drives the growth in gross profit dollars that fuel increased brand building. At the earnings per share level, the strong operating profit growth will be more than offset by the pension and interest headwinds we discussed earlier. The impact of the accounting re-measurement of pension and post retirement alone is negative 7 percentage points to EPS growth. Again, it should be emphasized that this is a noncash, non-operating item, and it was driven by what was a rare steep decline in the financial markets in 2022. Without that item, our EPS would be up 3% to 5%, even despite the higher interest expense and tax rate. Cash flow is expected to come in somewhere between $1 billion and $1.1 billion. Our underlying base business cash flow will continue to grow year-on-year, reaching $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion, but there will be roughly $300 million plus of cash outlays related to the pending spin-off. This is a combination of cash costs and capital expenditure, all onetime in nature and all related to executing the transaction and setting up the stand-alone business. So to summarize on Slide Number 19, we continue to feel very good about how we are performing and about our financial condition. Across our regions and category groups, we sustained solid momentum in 2022, and we expect that momentum to continue in 2023. Amidst high cost inflation across inputs and energy, we were able to protect profit dollars through productivity and revenue growth management in 2022, and we will do so again in 2023. In an environment of disruptions up and down the supply chain, we have executed well and steadily improved service levels in 2022 and will continue to do so in 2023. In 2022, we delivered above-target growth in currency-neutral, net sales and operating profit, and we plan on doing that again in 2023. We have increased our cash flow and further deleveraged our balance sheet, giving us excellent financial flexibility going into 2023. And we remain as confident as ever in the value that can be created by spinning off North America Cereal Co. Not only will that business thrive amidst increased focus, but the strength of the remaining global snacking co. will be significantly more visible. So we are looking forward to another good year in 2023. And with that, I'll turn it back to Steve to discuss our individual businesses.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. Let's start with Kellogg North America on Slide Number 21. As you can see, our largest region performed very well in 2022, straight through the fourth quarter. We started the year with a lingering inventory impact and costs arising from the second half 2021 fire and strike as well as other supply disruptions. And quarter-by-quarter, we executed well, both from a supply chain perspective and a commercial perspective, finishing the year with very strong net sales and operating profit growth.  Within North America, our largest segment is snacks, representing over half of our sales in the region. And this segment led the way in 2022, as shown on Slide Number 22. There was some timing of shipments, particularly year-over-year within the quarters, but North America Snacks finished the year in double-digit growth. In fact, North America Snacks has accelerated its organic net sales growth in each of the past four years. Leading the way were world-class brands like Pringles and Cheez-It, both of which generated double-digit consumption growth in 2022, and Pop-Tarts and Rice Krispies Treats, both of which sustained their multiyear momentum as well. Our North America Cereal business, as depicted on Slide Number 23. This business overcame enormous obstacles on its way to delivering very strong net sales growth. We entered the year depleted on finished goods inventories. As we rebuild those inventories, SKU by SKU, we were able to replenish retailer shelves more quickly than we anticipated. And during the second half, we were able to ramp up our commercial programs, and we've entered the new year with real momentum. Slide Number 24 shows the end market progress we have made since restoring inventories and commercial activity. As you can see, our performance has continued to improve sequentially, accelerating both our consumption growth and our share recovery. This business is back on track and is poised to sustain growth in 2023 when we will have a full year of commercial activity. In addition, with supply back in place, this business has begun to restore its profit margins. North America Frozen Foods is shown on Slide Number 25. This was another business that ran into capacity and supply challenges in 2022. For Eggo, it was simply a matter of strong demand over the last couple of years, putting us up against capacity. We put in capacity in midyear and since that time, Eggo's consumption growth has accelerated. And for Morningstar Farms, we experienced significant production issues at a co-manufacturer. During the fourth quarter, supply came back online and almost immediately, we saw signs of improvement in market. So moving to Slide Number 26, Kellogg North America has all the pieces in place for another good year in 2023. Our snacks brands are demonstrating undeniable momentum, and they represent more than half of our North America regions net sales. Our cereal business continues to outpace what has been very strong category sales growth as we continue to ramp up commercial activity. And our frozen businesses are getting past some severe supply constraints. Meanwhile, our productivity and revenue growth management actions are catching up to what has been steadily rising input cost inflation just as we are starting to see signs of bottlenecks and shortages receding. The result should be margin improvement for North America this year. And of course, North America will be moving full speed ahead with the carving out and spinning off of North America Cereal Company. We're making good progress with detailed implementation plans, all while remaining focused on delivering good financial results and executing in the marketplace. Now let's turn to Europe and Slide Number 27. Cost inflation accelerated faster in this region than others, particularly when energy prices and other costs soared after the outbreak of war in Ukraine. Our revenue growth management actions have yet to catch up to the accelerated cost pressures, pulling down profit in the last couple of quarters and will likely remain a pressure on profits into the first half of 2023. The fourth quarter also featured a meaningful year-on-year increase in brand investment. Nevertheless, Kellogg Europe had another good year, posting its fifth straight year of growth in both organic net sales and operating profit. Leading the way were snacks, which now represent more than half of our Europe region's net sales, as shown on Slide Number 28. And aside from the Russia impact and year-ago comparisons in quarter three, this segment drove strong double-digit net sales growth all year. This momentum is not new. This was our fifth straight year of organic net sales growth for Europe snacks. End market, Pringles generated strong consumption growth across key markets in the quarter and the full year. And in the UK, we also delivered rapid growth for Pop-Tarts and Rice Krispies Squares. Turning to our European cereal business and Slide Number 29, you can see that this business continues to deliver steady growth. On the strength of commercial activities and revenue growth management needed to cover rising costs, this business showed sequential acceleration in its organic net sales growth in each quarter. End market, category growth rates in markets across the region picked up in the fourth quarter, and we have been particularly pleased with accelerated growth and share gains for brands like Rice Krispies in the UK, Tresor in France, and Special K in several markets. So you can see that Kellogg Europe remains in very good condition as we head into 2023. As indicated on Slide Number 30, we expect to sustain momentum in snacks led by Pringles, but also increasingly accompanied by portable wholesome snacks like Pop-Tarts and Rice Krispies Squares. In cereal, we have strong brand plans, including renovation and innovation and a campaign celebrating our 25th year of our Better Days social program in the UK. We will continue to manage through cost and supply pressures, which are particularly heavy in the first half. And we have an agreement to divest our Russia business, though the deal's timing, approvals and final details are still pending. This business represents a little more than 5% of Kellogg Europe's total sales. So the impact of this divestiture should not be meaningful to adjusted basis results. Now let's turn to Latin America on Slide Number 31. As the chart shows, Kellogg Latin America grew net sales and operating profit strongly, both in the fourth quarter and full year. In fact, this region posted strong and accelerating organic net sales growth all year attributed to its brands, its commercial execution, and its expansion of route-to-market capabilities as well as its revenue growth management actions and its agility in managing through supply challenges.  Our snacks business in Latin America is shown on Slide Number 32. This business has grown consistently over the years. In 2022, it led the organic net sales growth for the region with year-on-year growth of more than 20% in both the fourth quarter and the full year. The growth was broad-based, finishing the year with the fourth quarter that featured strong double-digit net sales gains across all of our sub regions, Mexico, Brazil, Pacific and the Caribbean and Central America region. The strong growth in the quarter and year was driven by price/mix needed to cover soaring cost inflation and adverse transactional currency impact. And while volume did decline, the elasticity was below historical levels. End market data shows sustained double-digit category growth in the quarter and the full year for our major salty snacks markets, with Pringles gaining share in both of its biggest Latin America markets, which are Mexico and Brazil. Our cereal business in Latin America also grew net sales organically in the fourth quarter and full year, as indicated on Slide Number 33. Early in the year, this business felt the impact of supply disruption coming out of North America's fire and strike, particularly in our Caribbean business. But as you can see, once that was behind us, our cereal net sales reaccelerated strongly. In market, our consumption growth was robust across the region in the quarter and the full year, led by key brands like Frosted Flakes in Mexico and Brazil, Corn Flakes in Brazil and Puerto Rico, and Froot Loops in Colombia. So moving on to Slide Number 34, Latin America, too, is poised for another good year in 2023. We expect to sustain momentum in snacks, led by Pringles, and we expect to continue to grow in cereal. We expect to improve profit margins this year, and work is well under towards carving out our Caribbean cereal business into the North American Cereal Company spin-off. We'll finish up our regional review with EMEA, shown on Slide Number 35. This region continues to deliver exceptional top line and bottom line growth. Net sales grew organically in the high teens or better all year long. In the fourth quarter, as for the full year, this growth was broad-based with growth across all of our sub regions, Africa, Asia, Australia, New Zealand and the Middle East and North Africa. The growth was also strong across all of our category groups: cereal, snacks and noodles and other. Despite enormous cost pressures, the region also delivered double-digit profit growth on a currency-neutral adjusted basis both in the fourth quarter and the full year. Snacks in EMEA posted outstanding organic net sales growth all year, as shown on Slide Number 36. This growth was led by emerging markets ranging from Asia, Africa to the Middle East. And it was led by Pringles, which sustained strong consumption and share growth across key markets, both in the quarter and for the full year. In Australia, we also realized good consumption growth in Pop-Tarts and Rice Krispies Treats both for the quarter and the full year. This bodes well for further international expansion of those brands. Cereal also posted strong organic net sales growth all year, as shown on Slide Number 37. As with snacks, the growth was led by price mix, with elasticity impact on volume being lower than usual. And we saw growth across all sub regions, both in the fourth quarter and the full year. Growth was most pronounced in Africa and the Middle East, but it also remained solid in Asia and Australia. Overall, for the measured markets of this region, we grew consumption and share in the fourth quarter and the full year. Our most developed market, Australia, posted strong consumption growth in the quarter and year, led by many of our biggest brands, including double-digit gains for corn pops, corn flakes and Sultana Bran.  We also sustained good consumption growth in emerging markets with particular strength in India. And then we come to the largest segment of EMEA, noodles and other, which is shown on Slide Number 38. In every quarter this year, our EMEA noodles and other business recorded organic net sales growth of well over 20%. In fact, it has delivered double-digit organic growth every year since we consolidated the distributor portion of our West African business in 2018. Turning to Slide Number 39, we expect another year of strong top and bottom line growth for EMEA in 2023. Macro conditions can be challenging in Africa, and we have an experienced management team and joint venture partner to execute through them, which should enable us to sustain momentum in noodles and other. We should continue to see growth in cereal, led by our markets in Asia and we believe there is plenty of runway for Pringles to continue its strong growth. Meanwhile, EMEA will be looking to improve its profit margins as well. So with that, allow me to briefly summarize with Slide Number 41. From our results and our outlook, it should be very clear that our Deploy for Growth strategy has us focused on the right priorities and building the right capabilities and that our portfolio has been shaped decidedly towards growth. And following our planned separation later this year, visibility into the strength and performance of this portfolio will be even clearer. In fact, the vast majority of our portfolio is enjoying very strong momentum right now, as shown on Slide Number 41, and this is expected to drive above-target growth in net sales and operating profit in 2023. I want to thank our talented and dedicated Kellogg employees for making sure that nothing, not unusual economic conditions, not declining financial markets and pension accounting, not the preparation of a historical spin-off will distract us from continuing to deliver for our stakeholders. And with that, we'll open up the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question for today comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Jason, your line is now open. Please go ahead. 
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Thanks for sliding me in. Lots of questions still on the table. Amit, maybe we can start real quick with you, housekeeping. We all have restaurants out here but based on current spot rates, where do you see FX coming in, in terms of impact to top and bottom line?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think, Jason, just looking at the current rates, we'd say probably 1% to 2% impact on EPS and OP, maybe on sales around 3%. So that's kind of the outlook if you look at where the rates are today.
Jason English: Okay. That's helpful. And then Steve, you mentioned that Europe is finishing strong and carrying good momentum in the year, but it sure doesn't look like that from a bottom line perspective. I mean the margins are kind of falling off, and falling off fast, as we exit the year. And I think you mentioned where the pressure is going to carry into next year. I missed part of it, though. I heard you say like higher marketing. Can you unpack that a little bit more for us, what's driving the substantial step down in profitability, and also touch on -- I mean we know you were probably through price negotiation periods right now, can you give us an update on where status sits on negotiating price in that market? Thank you. 
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Sure, Jason. In Europe, it's essentially, we're catching up, right? The inflation came fast and furious, and our ability to catch up to it was impacted in the third and fourth quarter. We also had, obviously, the Russia impact primarily, in the third quarter. Higher A&P continued to bolster our top line, which we're committed to doing. And so we're catching up. It's still going to be a bit of a pressure in the first half, as we mentioned, but our underlying business is very, very solid. And our ability to get price -- earned price has also been solid. It's never easy anywhere, but the European dynamics can be challenging, but we've been making our way through it. And so we have good confidence in the underlying momentum of the business. It's really just -- took a little time to catch up.
Jason English: Okay. And the status on the price negotiations?
Steven Cahillane: Yes, we're in reasonable shape right now, Jason. We don't like to talk too much about individual negotiations with our customers. They're doing everything that they always do, which is protect the consumer. We want to protect the consumer as well, be as affordable as possible, but we need to maintain our margins. And we're having those adult conversations, and they're proceeding constructively.
Jason English: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question for today comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Hey, can you hear me. Good morning everyone. 
Steven Cahillane: Good morning. 
Alexia Howard: Great, can I ask about the volume situation in the U.S., particularly as we rolled into 2023. I'm looking at the Nielsen data that came out yesterday, and it looked as though, frankly, that a lot of companies that was a bit of a step back. So two questions; one, is there anything you're seeing from the consumer that's shifting or is it just tough compares from Omicron last year? And then secondly, as I look at the U.S. cereal business on a two-year basis, looks like the volumes are still down mid-teens. So are we -- I know that right now, it's looking good year-on-year, but what does that imply for the ongoing price elasticity in that business as we lap the fire and strike from last year? Thanks, and I will pass it on. 
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Alexia. So for us in North America in the fourth quarter, volume was up. And obviously, overall revenue was up nicely. We did have a fairly easy comparison, particularly in North American cereal because of the fire and strike. On a two-year basis, though, we -- well, first of all, the trajectory of our North American cereal business is very, very solid, and we're very, very pleased with it. On a two-year basis, NSV is also up. I'm not sure what you're looking at, but it is up. Volume is down slightly as the category is. But our NSV on a two-year basis and a one-year basis is up in cereal. And we're very confident about the plans in 2023 that we have in place. We're confident about the distribution that we've been able to gain. We're confident about our shelf sets. Our consumer promotions are, as I said, really back on track. You can see Jalen Hurts and Tony the Tiger on television right now as a matter of fact, which is lucky for us that Jalen is in the Super Bowl. So feeling very good about our North American cereal recovery on a one year and two-year basis.
Amit Banati: And then I think just to build on that from a guidance standpoint, we have incorporated rising elasticity. So that's built into our guidance for 2023.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I will pass it on. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Michael, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you, good morning. Just wanted to follow up on the volume piece at a little bit higher level. Contrasting the declines you've had globally throughout the year with the relatively stronger performance in North America, excluding the 1Q hit from cereal obviously, but can you just unpack a little bit of what you're seeing differently and is it stimulus and sort of savings drawdown that supported volumes in the U.S. that now maybe is rolling over, just maybe inform how you think about the differences in the U.S. consumer versus what you're seeing around the world?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So it's different everywhere around the world. The U.S. has been strong. It's been relatively inelastic, particularly in our categories. So we've definitely benefited from that. There's no question that the U.S. balance sheet, consumer balance sheet still remains stronger than it was pre-pandemic, although continues to erode over time. The employment situation, as you know, in the U.S. is still very strong. So overall, the consumer in the U.S. is in a good place. And when you look at the categories that we play in, it remains very strong, right. So they are cutting out discretionary items, which, we all know, high-ticket items are under a lot of pressure. Our categories are doing very well.  And if you look at the emerging markets, the same could be said, the consumer is very strong, surprisingly resilient in virtually all of our emerging markets, which has been very positive for our results from a category standpoint. And then we're doing well inside those categories. Europe is where you see -- if you go back a couple of quarters ago, we did indicate that we were seeing the beginning of elasticities returning, particularly in the cereal business, and we're seeing a little bit more of that. So the European consumer, I would say, is probably under more pressure than just about anywhere else in the world. And you see that, obviously, in the discretionary categories, and you're starting to see a little bit more of a normal return to elasticities in the European consumer. Still not back to pre-pandemic levels or what we describe as normal levels, but higher than it is in the rest of the world.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful color. And can I just squeeze in a housekeeping follow-up on the pensions, that's a big below the line item for you this year, obviously, but is there any meaningful split between cereal and the legacy, the rest of the company and just trying to understand when that happens. Does one side of the business or the other have a disproportionate impact from that?
Amit Banati: No. I think it's not disproportionate. It's broadly in line with the size of the business.
Michael Lavery: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Jefferies. Rob, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Robert Dickerson: Great, thanks so much. I guess just kind of first question housekeeping is, when should we expect to get a little bit more information on the spend? And then the second question simplistically is just around cash and CAPEX side. I don't know if I heard it. But in terms of the $300 million from the upfront charges and CAPEX of the spin, just provide a little clarity as to kind of where -- what's driving that?
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think we are on track to execute the spend towards the end of the year. So leading up to that, we'll be providing all the information as well as having the Investor Day as you'd expect. So towards the end of the year is what we're working towards. I think the $300 million, it's a combination of onetime costs related to executing the transaction. So consultants, I think we're working very closely with some blue-chip advisers on program management, ensuring that we have a comprehensive program to manage the change and develop a comprehensive plan of action. I think it includes your typical banker loyal fees as well, as well as some capital expenditure to realign the supply chain to get IT systems up and running for the new cereal company.
Robert Dickerson: Okay, I will follow-up. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi, I just wanted to ask about your guidance for a -- I think the word was stabilizing gross margin this year. Just curious, does stabilizing mean down versus 2022 but at a maybe decelerating rate of decline? And I'm just curious, rather, what it implies for SG&A either as a percentage of sales or on a dollar basis. It would seem to imply that both would have to come down a little bit but just curious what your thoughts were on there?
Amit Banati: I think on a full year basis, it will be flat to slightly up on gross margins, and I think it'll improve progressively as we go through the year. So I think that's kind of the range where we are on gross margin. And then I think from -- and I think just the puts and goals in gross margin, obviously, from a positive, we've been lapping the fire and the strike. We do expect bottlenecks and shortages to moderate as we go through the year. We are starting to see that in -- as well. So that, I think, would be a positive tailwind from a gross margin standpoint.  I think from an input cost standpoint, we expect mid-teens inflation, and that's what our guidance incorporates. So it's still elevated. It's moderated from what we saw in 2022, but still elevated. And I think we continue to see input cost inflation in oils, in corn, in wheat, rice, potatoes. So that's been built in. And I think from a phasing standpoint, we'd expect gradual improvement in the year-on-year change of gross profit margin as the year progresses.  And then I think to your question on SG&A -- now I think on your question on SG&A, I think we'd expect an increase in overheads broadly in line with inflation, I think as normal activity continues to restore. And then from a brand building standpoint, we'd expect an increase as we -- as supply is restored full year of brand building through the year.
Kenneth Goldman: Great, thank you so much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Andrew, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks so much. Steve, there's a concern, I think, among investors for the group as a whole, right, that supply constraints ease and the benefit from pricing wanes, food companies will somehow choose to sort of ramp promotional spending to maybe more irrational levels to drive volume. And I guess this concern seems particularly acute, I think, in really cereal space, partly because Kellogg is obviously heading towards a split of the business. And I'm just curious how you'd kind of respond to that concern and get a sense for what your plans are in terms of in-market sort of activity as you go through the year? Thanks so much. 
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Andrew, we really don't have that concern. We haven't seen anything that would point to an irrational environment on the horizon. And as our supply has improved, we've been gradually restoring merchandising activity, which is an effective complement to our brand building, always has been. And so it's not a bad thing. It's not a bad thing to obviously drive displays, as you well know, drive merchandising activity. And from a supply standpoint, it's not as if there's a lot of excess capacity in our categories for us, certainly, and I think even for some of our competitors. So when you look at that, when you look at the supply availability, when you look at the demand creation, which is out there, and available, I see a very rational environment on the horizon.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question for today comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Robert, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. Amit, I was hoping for a little more color on the phasing for your operating profit growth by quarter. Like first quarter, for example, I think you have an easy comparison on gross profit dollars, but then you're going to increase SG&A investment. So do you think first quarter profit growth is higher than your annual average or is it not really much different?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think certainly, from a gross margin standpoint, as I mentioned, right, we'd be lapping the fire and strike in quarter one. But I think on the brand building in particular, right, if you recall, last year in quarter one and quarter two, we had pulled back as we were emerging from the strike. So you're going to have that negative lap in quarter one and into quarter two as well. So it's kind of -- those are the puts and goals from an operating profit phasing standpoint.
Robert Moskow: Okay. A quick follow-up, can you give a little more color on what your process was for pursuing the spin-off of Morningstar, did you also seek a buyer in this process, and what do you think the results will be like in 2023, can it improve off of 2022 or expect a weak year?
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Rob, I would say definitely will improve in 2023. That is our plan. And the process was very thorough. We said from the beginning, we were going to pursue a spin but would look at other strategic alternatives. We did that. And if you recall, when we began this process, valuation for peer companies were stratospheric compared to where they are today. They've come down quite substantially. So the thesis when we started the process was to truly unlock shareholder value if we could attract the same types of multiples in the public market, we should pursue that. The environment has clearly changed. And when we look at what's on the horizon for this category, we see an imminent shakeout coming. It's happening already. And there'll be a couple of players left standing, and Morningstar Farms still has some of the highest household penetration, highest name recognition, fantastic foods, strong in the freezer space where this consumer is migrating back to, and profitable, unlike many of the peers. So as we step back and look at it, we are the best parent for Morningstar Farms. And when we shared with our people this morning that we were keeping the business, there was elation. And so there's a lot of momentum underlying in our people, in their plans, and we're optimistic for 2023. And more importantly, we're optimistic beyond that because when the shakeout continues, there'll be a few left standing. And the underlying consumer drivers around health and wellness, around environmental concerns, around moving away from animal proteins, all still remain. And Morningstar Farms has one of the cleanest labels out there. And so there's a lot going from Morningstar Farms, and we're excited to keep it.
Robert Moskow: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Bryan, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks operator. Good morning everyone. Steve, maybe just to take a step back on the snacking business. And obviously, there's a lot of focus on getting these businesses separated. But as we look forward, like how do you -- how opportunistic or how aggressive can you be in M&A, there's a lot of opportunities for acquisitions in snacking, it's definitely proven to be a very resilient category through everything we've been through the last couple of years, so just trying to get a sense of how quickly you might be able to begin adding to the portfolio or it's not really part of what you think the strategy will be going forward?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. I think it will be part of the strategy. Obviously, we're going to execute the spin. That's priority number one. And we'll execute the spin, and we'll have a global snacking company with a very strong balance sheet, cereal company as well. And so as we look for opportunities, we'll look for organic and inorganic opportunities. And our organic opportunities, as you can see, with Pringles remain exceptional, with Cheez-It, Rice Krispies Treats, remain exceptional. Cheez-It is only now really leaving the United States and expanding overseas in Canada, Brazil, and soon other geographies as well. So on balance, we'll look at those opportunities for continued organic growth, but where we can supplement our portfolio with additions, we'll definitely look to that because we do have great capabilities in snacking, great route-to-market, and bolt-ons or bigger will be part of our considerations going forward.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, just as we're thinking about the split going forward, how dependent -- like is there any risk that if the markets really melt down or valuations change or just what's the risk that you decide to pull it or is there -- like what conditions would create a scenario where you delay it or pull it?
Steven Cahillane: Well, Bryan, you never say never, obviously, right. But we are very, very confident that there's no condition by which we won't execute the spin by the end of this year. It's a tax-free spin-off, a dividend to our shareholders really. And so we don't have to rely on the debt markets. We don't have to rely on IPO markets, equity markets. It's a dividend to our shareowners and nothing is without risk, but we have a very high degree of confidence, and we absolutely plan on executing this by the end of the year.
Bryan Spillane: Great, thanks. We look forward to see you guys on a CAGNY.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks Bryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Larson of Seaport Research Partners. Eric, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson: Yeah, thanks for squeezing in everybody. Congratulations on a good year. So my question is really this, Europe seems to be the one area that might have a little more uncertainty for the kind of the forward look, probably a pretty difficult first half comparison, maybe better second half. Do you expect Europe to make a good positive contribution this year to the U.S. total? And are there any special onetime events that you had last year, either as a headwind or a tailwind, such as promotional events where Pringles has been very strong in things like soccer events, etcetera? Is there -- can you kind of peel back an onion a little bit for us on kind of the forward 12-month outlook for Europe?
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Eric, thanks for the question. I'd say there's nothing unusual that we're lapping aside from an easier comp when we get to the Russian comparisons is one. And the first half is really the catch-up -- pricing catching up to costs, and we're very confident that we're going to do that. The underlying brand strength remains very strong. Europe has just completed their fifth year of growth and so it's been a long story of underlying momentum driven by great execution on Pringles. We've got a great plan for Pringles again based on a number of different activities, strong consumer engagement, strong customer engagement with Pringles. Our cereal brands remain strong. And one of the real surprises has been our portable wholesome snacks has really returned to growth and is doing quite well. And so it's a first half, second half, but it's really more in terms of catching up, which we're in process of doing. And we can see it. We can see it in our forecast that it's happening, and it gives us a great deal of confidence that there'll be a sixth year of growth in Europe. You want to add anything?
Amit Banati: No, I think just building on the phasing comment, I think we'd be expecting to catch up on the pricing at an increasing rate through the first half. And then I think in the second half, the combination of the pricing having been caught up as well as easier comp and, hopefully, moderating inflation, I think, would lead to a higher growth, OP growth in the -- operating profit growth in the second half.
Eric Larson: One quick follow-up. Given that your pension income is really kind of a noncash event, but I think it gets priced and looked at as a cash event, have you ever considered reporting your EPS on a cash EPS basis as opposed to the way you report it now?
Amit Banati: No, we haven't, but we'll certainly study that.
Eric Larson: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question for today comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Steve, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Stephen Powers: Hey, great. Good morning. Thanks guys. Maybe to start, just some follow-up on a couple of topics that came up earlier. Just -- the first one on the cash cost, the CAPEX associated to $300 million, is that -- is there any kind of timing element on that, does that -- has that come pretty equally throughout the year, does it build as we get closer to the actual event? And on pricing, I'm sure there's incremental pricing in 2023 in the emerging markets. It sounds like there's pricing to come in Europe. My question is, is there any kind of material magnitude of pricing anticipated in the U.S. and if so, could you give us a little sense of the magnitude there?
Steven Cahillane: I'll start with the pricing and let Amit take the CAPEX. I'll start with what we always talk about in terms of we're not going to get into forward-looking pricing and customer negotiations and things of that nature, but we always start with the first line of defense against rising costs is productivity. And so this is -- the receding of bottlenecks and shortages have given us the opportunity to really put together more historic productivity plans because all that noise is starting to recede. And so we will have an aggressive productivity plan. But as Amit talked about, our intention is to stabilize margins to slightly grow them. So that's going to require revenue growth management throughout the year, and that'll look different throughout the year, depending on what geography it is. But that is our intention.
Amit Banati: And I think in terms of the onetime costs and the phasing through the year, I mean, we're right in the middle of the program. And so I think you could expect it to be spent through the year. So there's nothing particular to call out in that.
Stephen Powers: Okay. Yes. Okay, great, thank you. And I guess the other question is and I appreciate that a lot more will be forthcoming on this. But just in terms of thinking about the North American Cereal Company and its anticipated prospects over the course of 2023 relative to the total enterprise and the guidance you gave this morning. Is there a way to frame the expectations for organic growth and operating profit growth of that North American cereal portion of the business relative to the total company guidance you gave today?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. We don't go into that category level, but you can look at the momentum that we have and the comments I made earlier. We plan on continuing that momentum, getting back TDPs that were lost that's been very successful up to this point and to continue to grow our gross margin. We came to a low point, obviously, because of the fire and strike. So we're coming off that. But the underlying momentum, the trajectory of the business, we feel very good about, and we aim to continue that trajectory.
Stephen Powers: Okay. Thank you very much.
John Renwick: Operator, we are at 10:30, so we are out of time. But everybody, thank you for your interest in Kellogg. And please give us a call if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 09:30:00) =====
Company Representatives: Steve Cahillane - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Amit Banati - Chief Financial Officer John Renwick - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning
Operator: Good morning! Welcome to the Kellogg Company's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session with publishing analysts.  At this time I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. 
John Renwick : Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our third quarter results and an update regarding our outlook for 2022. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer. Slide number three shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. This is a particular note amidst the current operating environment, which includes unusually high input cost inflation, global supply disruptions and uncertain global macroeconomic conditions, all of whose direction, length and severity are so difficult to predict.  A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of kelloggcompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share.  And now, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks John and good morning everyone. We are delighted to be able to report yet another quarter of momentum, progress, better than expected results and an improved full year outlook. Our organization once again exhibited grit and creativity in navigating and executing through a global operating environment that showed little to no signs of easing.  We continue to improve our service levels in spite of persistent bottlenecks and shortages of everything from materials and equipment to trucks and containers. We also continued to mitigate the profit impact of exceptionally high cost inflation with good execution of productivity initiatives and revenue growth management actions, and even in this unusual operating environment, we again saw the strength of our portfolio play out.  We sustained our strong growth momentum in snacks around the world and our emerging markets saw strong growth in all key category groups. And in our North America Cereal business, we continue to recover inventory and share more quickly than expected from enormous disruptions late last year.  At the same time, work continues on the planned separations which we announced in June. A recent milestone was the announcement of our North America serial company leadership team and we continue to work on organizational design and carve out financials. And through all this, we delivered a financial performance for quarter three that exceeded our expectations and enables us to raise our guidance for the full year. In short, another good quarter, adding to a track record of dependable delivery and with plenty of reasons to be confident that this kind of delivery can continue.  You can tell our Deploy for Growth strategy is working from the quality of our results. Slide number six shows one key metric, our net sales growth. As you know, our momentum is not new. Our third quarter showed acceleration of a trend that has been running above our long term target for the past few years, and while this third quarter acceleration was led by price realization necessary to keep up with soaring costs, the elasticity impact on volume has been less than expected and our world class brands continue to perform especially well in the market.  We are seeing this momentum across markets and category groups. We grew net sales organically in all four regions and in all four category groups within those regions. From snacks to cereal to frozen foods to noodles and other. So this momentum is broad based and long running and another reason to believe in our strategy, portfolio and people. As a key element of our Deploy for Growth strategy, our ESG strategy is also working. A few highlights from quarter three are shown on slide number seven.  Let me now turn over to Amit, who will explain our financial results and outlook in more detail. 
Amit Banati : Thanks Steve and good morning everyone. Slide number nine provides a summary of our third quarter and year-to-date financial results. Our net sales in quarter three grew more than 13% year-on-year on an organic basis, coming in higher than expected and bringing year-to-date organic growth to 10%.  Our adjusted basis operating profit grew 4% on a currency neutral basis in quarter three, overcoming the impact of high costs, bottlenecks and shortages and increased investment. This too was better than expected and it puts a year to date growth at a similar 4%. Our adjusted basis earnings per share declined 3% on a currency neutral basis in quarter three, due to the as anticipated reduction in pension income related to remeasuring the pension assets and interest rates. Nevertheless, through the end of the third quarter, our EPS was up 3% on this currency neutral adjusted basis.  Cash flow through the first three quarters remained well ahead of last year. Excluded from our currency neutral results, of course is foreign currency translation, which reduced our net sales, operating profit and earnings per share by 4 to 5 percentage points each, as the dollar strengthened meaningfully further during the quarter.  Now let's look at each metric in a little more detail. Slide number 10 lays out components of our strong net sales growth this year. Despite supply challenges and our suspension of Pringles shipments to Russia, volume only declined relatively modestly, suggesting that price elasticity has not moved up as much or as soon as we had expected. Price mix accelerated again in quarter three and it accelerated in all four regions as they continue to utilize revenue growth management to help offset higher input costs. All four regions delivered double digit increases in price mix in quarter three. Both of these components, volume and price mix were relatively consistent with the year-to-date trends.  Turning now to gross profits, slide number eleven illustrates how each region is facing enormously high cost pressure. Year-to-date our COGS per kilo inflation has run in the high teens or worse in each region, driven by both input cost inflation and costs and inefficiencies arising from global bottlenecks and shortages, not to mention adverse transactional foreign exchange, and keep in mind that this is net of the good work we're doing on productivity.  Our net sales per kilo, which is how we measure price mix is up in the mid-teens, covering a sizable portion of our input cost inflation. However, it is not able to cover the unpredictable impacts of supply disruptions and the first quarter impacts related to last year's second half fire and strike.  Our net sales per kilo accelerated sequentially in quarter three, in part reflecting revenue growth management actions taken during the quarter. However, our COGS per kilo accelerated too, indicating that these pressures are not behind us.  Slide number 12 shows that our gross profit dollars increased year-on-year, both in quarter three and on a year-to-date basis. During quarter three our margin decline narrowed as we had indicated it would and our net sales grew enough that gross profit dollars increased at a mid-single digit rate year-on-year. So even though our margins have been pressured by the current environment, our gross profit dollars remained on an upward trajectory.  As we look to quarter four, we expect both margins and dollars to increase year-on-year as we lap last year's fire and strike impact. However, based on the current economic conditions, we no longer anticipate bottlenecks and shortages to diminish in quarter four. As a result, while we still expect gross profit margin to increase year-on-year in the quarter, it won't be as much as previously projected. And this will mean finishing the full year with a gross margin that is down a bit more than the 100 basis points previously mentioned, but still growing in dollars.  Moving down the income statement on slide number 13, we see how our SG&A accelerated its year-on-year increase just as we said it would. As expected, advertising and promotion investment increased year-on-year as our U.S. Cereal business resumes commercial activity now that it has got up on inventory. And overhead increased year-on-year, reflecting higher incentive compensation and a resumption of travel and meetings. As we enter quarter four, we expect to see an even larger year-on-year increase in SG&A as North America Cereal, restores more of its commercial activity.  Slide number 14 shows that in spite of these extreme operating conditions, not to mention this year's meaningfully adverse currency translation, we remain on an upward trajectory on operating profit. Operating profit in the third quarter was up 4% year-on-year on a currency neutral basis, and flat after the adverse currency translation. Year-to-date it was up both on currency neutral basis and after adverse foreign exchange. We expect to see that continue in quarter four.  Slide number 15 shows our below the line items which were again collectively negative to EPS growth in the quarter. Interest expense was up modestly year-on-year in quarter three, as lower debt balances were offset by higher interest rates. As we mentioned last quarter, rising interest rates will affect the roughly 20% of our debt that is floating, and this will become much more acute in quarter four.  As expected, other income decreased significantly year-on-year due to the mid-year remeasurement of two of our U.S. Pension plans, which adjust for currently lower asset values and higher interest rates. This will similarly affect other income in quarter four, and as mentioned previously, depending on how financial markets finish this year, this will be an even more significant headwind in 2023 as we’ll have a full year impact across all of our post retirement plans. Of course, this is a non-cash, non-operating item.  Our effective tax rate in quarter three was relatively flat year-on-year after benefiting from country mix and discrete benefits. We now look for our full year effective tax rate to be somewhere above 21.5%.  Our JV earnings and minority interests were collectively down against an unusually high year-on-year period following our mid-year ’21 consolidation of Africa joint ventures, but remain fairly consistent with more recent quarters, and average shares outstanding were relatively flat year-on-year as the impact of our share buybacks early in the year was offset by increased options exercises by employees. As a result, we now think average shares outstanding will be flattish for the full year.  Our cash flow and balance sheet also remain in very good shape as shown on slide number 16. Our absolute cash flow has remained on an upward trajectory right through quarter three, and this cash flow has enabled us to reduce our net debt over the past few years leading to lower leverage ratios. This has given us enhanced financial flexibility, even as we have continued to increase our cash return to shareowners in the form of an increased dividend and buybacks this year.  Let's now turn to slide number 17 and discuss where we think we'll finish the year. As Steve mentioned, we are raising our guidance today based on our strong quarter three delivery and good top line momentum going into quarter four. We are raising our full year outlook for organic net sales growth to approximately 10%, a sizable increase from our previous guidance of 7% to 8%. This reflects our better than expected performance in quarter three and it implies continued double digit growth in the fourth quarter led by price mix and sustained momentum in our business, partially offset by rising price elasticity and Russia impact.  This improved sales outlook is prompting us to raise our full year outlook for adjusted basis, currency neutral operating profit growth to approximately 6%, up from our previous guidance of 4% to 5%. This is despite sustained high teens cost inflation and our revised assumption around bottlenecks and shortages, which we now expect to persist through the fourth quarter.  We are also raising our full year outlook for adjusted basis earnings per share growth to approximately 3% growth on a currency neutral basis, up from our previous guidance of 2%. This reflects the higher operating profit outlook, partially offset by a worsened outlook for below the line items. This includes our remeasured pension income and higher interest expense due to the rise in rates, only partially offset by an effective tax rate that comes down slightly because of Q3’s favorability.  We deliberately stick to currency neutral guidance because of the difficulty in protecting foreign exchange rates. But because of the dollar's meaningful strengthening lately and the number of investor questions we received regarding its impact, I will mention that if today's exchange rates were to hold, we would absorb a negative impact of 3% to 4% on a full year net sales, operating profit and EPS growth, and a higher negative impact in quarter four.  Our full year outlook for cash flow remains approximately $1.2 billion. Remember that this guidance incorporates incremental upfront cash outlays in 2022, related to the previously announced separation transactions.  So to summarize, our financial position on slide number 18, we feel very good about how we are performing and our financial condition. Our business is showing strong underlying momentum. Our efforts around productivity and revenue growth management are helping to mitigate unusually high cost pressures. We are raising our outlook for the full year, largely on the strength of what we've already delivered, and our cash flow and balance sheet are giving us good financial flexibility.  And with that, I'll turn it back to Steve to discuss our individual businesses. 
Steven Cahillane: Thanks Amit. I'll start with a review of each of our regions beginning with Kellogg North America on slide number 20.  This region had another good quarter, delivering notably strong net sales growth with organic growth in both volume and price mix. Our sales growth was led by what is by far our largest business in North America and that’s snacks. This business had another quarter of strong organic volume growth and price realization, and its net sales growth acceleration was accompanied by a similar acceleration in consumption. We'll talk more about these brands in a moment.  Cereal in North America also recorded another quarter of accelerated net sales growth, reaching double digits year-on-year, roughly in line with its consumption growth. We'll talk more about this business's rapid recovery also in a minute.  In our Frozen businesses where we've experienced pronounced supply constraints this year, we return to organic net sales growth in the quarter. This was aided by newly installed waffle capacity. Kellogg North America in the third quarter delivered sequentially better operating profit growth as well, despite no let-up in input cost inflation or bottlenecks and shortages and despite increased reinvestment. So overall, North America continues to perform well and is poised for a strong finish to a strong year.  Kellogg’s Europe's results are shown on slide number 21. Ever since the war broke out in Ukraine, we've known that Kellogg’s Europe would have two very different halves of the year. Because as we suspended Pringles shipments into Russia right away during the first quarter, it took some time to work through inventories. Now in the second half, we feel the brunt of this lost revenue and profit.  Meanwhile, the war in Ukraine has contributed to a surge in energy costs and bottlenecks and shortages, as well as devaluations in currencies against the U.S. dollar and a pinched consumer that is contributing to increasing elasticities, at least on Cereal. And yet Kellogg Europe in the third quarter still managed to sustain top line growth and mitigate the profit pressure, even as it lapped the year earlier quarters, enormous sales and profit growth.  In snacks which represent almost half of Kellogg Europe sales, the lost sales in Russia were more than offset by double digit organic growth elsewhere. Pringles maintained its double digit consumption growth momentum, and portable wholesome snacks are generating strong consumption growth on the strength of Pop-Tarts, Rice Krispies Squares and Barrette Nut Bars. Cereal net sales also grew organically, reflecting revenue growth management and broad based consumption growth, even as price elasticity continued to move toward historical levels. The fourth quarter faces similar Russia and cost headwind as quarter three, as well as increased reinvestment, but the underlying momentum in the business will be sustained.  Let's turn to Kellogg Latin America as shown on slide number 22. Strong organic net sales growth was broad based across the region, with double digit growth in both snacks and cereal and driven by revenue growth management actions.  In snacks, which represent more than a third of our annual net sales in Latin America, we continue to drive very strong consumption growth in key markets, including double digit growth and share gains for Pringles in the key markets of Mexico and Brazil. In Cereal, the net sales and consumption growth was led by Brazil, Columbia and Mexico.  Productivity and revenue growth management actions helped to mitigate the impact of high cost inflation, adverse transactional foreign exchange and supply disruptions, leading the solid growth in Latin America's operating profit. In the remaining quarter this year, Latin America should sustain sales and profit growth, even as we expect price elasticities to rise gradually and as we work to offset continued cost inflation and supply challenges.  We'll finish our regional review with Kellogg AMEA in slide number 23. In the third quarter our AMEA region sustained its exceptional momentum, accelerating its organic net sales growth for a third consecutive quarter. From a category perspective, noodles and other is our biggest segment in AMEA, representing almost half of the region sales and led by our West African distributor business, Multipro.  In the third quarter, it sustained organic net sales growth of more than 20%, just as it has all year. Snacks accelerated its organic net sales growth in the quarter, led by Pringles, which sustained its broad based momentum in consumption growth, with notable outperformance in emerging markets. Cereal also sustained good, broad based, net sales growth with particular strength in the Middle East and India.  Despite facing the high cost pressures in the region, a function of input costs, ocean freight costs and adverse transactional foreign exchange, AMEA still managed to grow its currency neutral, adjusted basis, operating profit in the double digits in the third quarter. We expect similar dynamics and momentum to play out in the fourth quarter, making this a very strong year for an AMEA region.  Now let's dig into each of our category groups and brands in a little more detail, shaping our discussion in terms of the businesses that comprise the planned post separation companies. A breakout of these businesses is shown on slide number 24.  As you can see, the businesses that represent 80% of our portfolios net sales today, and they will comprise global snacking company after the separations, have continued to show outstanding growth this year. In fact, this portfolios net sales have grown organically at a double digit rate so far this year. For North America Cereal Company, you can see that our net sales are up organically in the low single digits this year. The only business where there has been softness is Plant Company, which has continued to experience supply disruption as we'll discuss in a moment.  Let's look at each of these businesses and their key brands. Slide number 25 shows how our world-class snacks brands sustained their in-market momentum in the third quarter around the world. Pringles with $2.5 billion in annual net sales globally once again generated double digit consumption growth in virtually every one of our major markets around the world.  Cheez-It with over $1 billion of annual net sales sustained its double digit growth in quarter three, both in Canada and the U.S. where our new Pop'd platform has been incremental to the franchise. Pop-Tarts closing in on $1 billion of annual net sales continued to post good growth in the third quarter in its primary market, the U.S., while continuing to show why we believe it has so much promise internationally.  Rice Krispies Treats with $0.5 billion of annual net sales was supply constrained in the U.S. during the third quarter and still grew consumption in the mid-single digits with its new Homestyle sub-line proving to be incremental to the franchise, and the brand is showing good growth in international markets as well. These are important brands. The four brands collectively represent more than 40% of the total net sales of what will be Global Snacking Company.  Slide number 26 provides a glimpse of our international cereal businesses. As you can see, good consumption growth continued in the third quarter, with the growth led by world class brands and by emerging markets. In more developed cereal markets like those in Europe, Australia, Japan and Korea, we are starting to see price elasticity move higher. Nevertheless, we grew consumption across key European markets in the third quarter with SpecialK, back to growth, aided by a new campaign and the launch of SpecialK Granola with 30% less sugar.  We also grew consumption in Australia, and our consumption is beginning to improve in Japan and Korea on the relaunch and expansion of Granola offerings. In emerging markets, which represent about half of our international cereal sales annually, consumption growth remains robust, both for us and the category. On the slide, note the solid consumption growth rates in key Latin America markets and in India.  Slide number 27 shows the sustained double digit organic net sales growth of our noodles and other category group. This is a $1 billion plus business annually, comprised of our distributor business in West Africa and our Kellogg's branded noodles business elsewhere in Africa and the Middle East. And as we've already discussed, this business again sustained exceptional growth in the third quarter, adding to a track record of consistent double digit or high single digit growth. As we've said before, this reflects the competitive advantage Multipro offers, as well as the value of offering a Kellogg's product line at the lower end of the price pyramid.  Now let's look at frozen breakfast and slide number 28. Eggo is another world class brand in our portfolio with about $750 million in annual net sales globally. In the U.S., the brand has sustained steady consumption growth this year despite being very constrained on capacity for both waffles and pancakes.  But while we remain constrained on pancakes, we did add internal waffle capacity during the second quarter. This enabled our waffles to accelerate consumption gradually during the third quarter, even returning to volume growth, and this has lifted the brands overall consumption growth sequentially as shown on this slide. And another driver of this growth has been the launch of the Liege-Style Waffles, an on-the-go offering that is proving to be incremental to the franchise.  Now let's look at North America Cereal. Slide number 29 shows how our consumption and share are recovering in the U.S., following our unfortunate fire and labor strike in late 2021. Recall that we rebuilt inventory, both our own and that of our retailers faster than anticipated during the first half. In quarter three we have seen our share continue to recover across key brands and this has continued into October. This reflects not only increased on-shelf availability, but also our gradual resumption of commercial activity behind these brands.  The good news is that the category is showing robust growth right now, accelerating to the double digits in quarter three on the strength of increased prices and below average elasticity. The even better news is that our consumption growth has accelerated even faster than the category as you can see in the chart on the left, and our share is already back to its pre-strike level, as you can see on the chart on the right. Clearly we are building momentum as we return to commercial activity, and while this chart focuses on our recovery in the U.S., it has been just as impressive in Canada where we return to share gains in the third quarter.  And in both markets, we have a strong lineup of commercial activity continuing in the fourth quarter. Just a few of these are shown on slide number 30, ranging from innovation like strawberry frosted flakes, the seasonal offerings like Halloween Rice Krispies and the perennial favorite Elf on the Shelf to bringing back indulgent license foods like Cinnabon and Little Debbie.  We have our Mission Tiger program back in full swing and we're experimenting with an innovative just add water product called Instabowls. In short, we feel good about where we are in this business. We've restored inventory levels, we're back on shelf and we are rapidly recovering share. In addition, we've turned back on our commercial programs and equally importantly, we are making good early progress toward restoring profit margins in this business.  We'll now turn to plant based foods in slide number 31. For context, this business represents only about 2% of our total net sales, but it gets a lot of attention because of its promising long-term prospects and because of the recent slowdown of its category. This is a category that experienced the equivalent of a few years' worth of acceleration in a single year 2020. It had already been in elevated growth with new entrants, new technologies and new space in stores, then COVID hit and product proliferation was soaked up by the surge in at-home demand, bringing penetration and buy rates up with it.  The category lapped that surge in 2021 and in 2022 it has experienced a pause in growth and point of distribution have decreased in stores as many retailers consolidated into the frozen aisle. But household penetration remains above pre-COVID levels with ample opportunities to return to consistent growth behind underlying consumer focus on health and environmental concerns. These are demand fundamentals that remain firmly in place for a long runway of growth.  As you know, our MorningStar Farms brand has been severely impacted by supply disruptions at a key co-manufacturer this year, and this disruption has not yet been fully resolved in quarter three. It has also forced us to prioritize SKUs.  While we have not yet been able to fully resume commercial activity, we have been able to support products that are not capacity constrained. A good example is Sausage Links and we are generating double digit consumption and good share growth in that segment. This supply disruption is a temporary issue and we continue to work through it. The brand remains a leader in plant based foods with strong plans and a new media campaign once it restores full supply. So despite near term disruptions, this is a business that remains in good condition with excellent prospects.  So with that, allow me to briefly summarize with slide number 33. I could not be prouder of our organization for how it has navigated through an incredibly volatile environment, identifying issues, resolving them and executing. Our people and culture truly are a competitive advantage for Kellogg. Our strategy is working and our portfolio is showing its strength. We continue to deliver solid results and we are again raising our outlook. Yet we are anything but complacent. We are working hard on a set of plans that will navigate through the current macro headwinds and enable us to drive balanced financial delivery again in 2023 and thereafter.  And with that, we'll open up the line for questions. Operator. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Cody Ross with UBS. Your line is now open. 
Cody Ross: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. You are outpacing…
Steve Cahillane: Good morning Cody. 
Amit Banati: Good morning Cody. 
Cody Ross: Hey! Good morning guys. You outpaced Nielson’s consumption by roughly four points this quarter. How much of your 14% organic growth in North America was related to the cereal inventory replenishment and do you expect to continue to ship above consumption moving forward? 
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks for the question, Cody. There’s not really any meaningful difference between shipments and consumption. It's moved around a lot obviously, because we had to rebuild inventory on cereal in quarter one, quarter two, but we're pretty much right in balance right now. We may actually see some shipments come out in the fourth quarter, because we're kind of back to where we want to be, but there's not really a meaningful thing to talk about when it comes to differences between shipments and consumption in North America or anywhere around the world for that matter. 
Cody Ross: Got you, that’s helpful. And then I just want to talk about the North American profit margin a little bit. The decline accelerated in the quarter. How did that compare to your expectations and what were the key drivers in the quarter? And should we look at the third quarter profit margin as the trough for North America? Thank you. 
Steve Cahillane: Yeah, I'll start and I can turn it to Amit. But you know, North America, if you look at the way they performed in the third quarter and year-to-date, it's pretty exceptional. You know I didn't really think we'd be talking about 14% organic net sales growth in North America, which is really outstanding.  But inflation is running so very hot that you know getting pricing to cover input costs I think is an exceptional achievement and then you've got the bottlenecks and shortages, which are very difficult to price for obviously and to forecast, and so whether or not it's a trough on bottlenecks and shortages remains to be seen.  It stopped getting worse, but there's not a meaningful improvement in it. But you know the price mix in North America was strong, the ability to cover costs was strong, the underlying brand performance was exceptionally strong and so the outlook for North America is strong. It's been a terrific year.  Amit, do you want to… 
Amit Banati : Yeah, just a couple of other things Cody. So one was, you know we've seen input costs accelerate through the quarter, and I think you know we had talked previously of sequential improvement. We did see the sequential improvement in gross margins, but it was not as much as we expected, and really the primary driver for that was acceleration of input costs, so we saw that happen. We've taken incremental action from a revenue growth management. I think within the quarter there was probably a bit of a lag, so you're seeing the impact of that on margins.  I think as Steve mentioned, bottlenecks and shortages persisted. I think the other factor as well is we resumed as we had said that SG&A would be back and waited. We restored ANP behind cereal as we’ve built back inventory, so you've seen that come through in the quarter as well. And you know we'd expect that in quarter four as well. So you know the SG&A has been kind of back weighted this year. 
Cody Ross: Thank you for the color. I'll pass it on. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question is from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. I know there's always a lot of controversy and talk about stranded costs in the separation. If there's any sort of increased visibility on that, love to hear that. But also a question on Europe. The sales trends are positive, but I'm wondering how you're seeing price elasticity there. I see that volumes are down 8%, so any thoughts about not just the price elasticity, but the ability to get through pricing going forward in Europe would be helpful. Thanks so much. 
Steve Cahillane: Yeah David, I'll start and Amit can add any color. Starting with the stranded costs, we're not prepared to talk about that today. We will be as we get into next year, but we continue to make very solid progress. I would remind you that we've got a lot of experience around this when we divested the portions of the Keebler business. We were very successful at extracting stranded costs. We will have the opportunity to have TSAs as well and the business is growing very, very strongly, so we – and that the plans are moving forward very nicely. So when we get to the point where we can do that, we’ll of course provide that visibility.  In terms of Kellogg Europe, you know they continue to perform very, very well. This quarter was a tale of what they were lapping last year. So if you look at the operating profit being down, on a two year CAGR, it's actually up over 20% because of that lap. You also have the most impact coming from the stoppage in Russia, obviously what's happening there and so they are cycling that. In terms of pricing, the team has been very, very successful in executing revenue growth management in – you know in the most difficult environment in the world. They've done an exceptional job. You know we've got David who runs the business there doing a terrific job. Miranda Prins who runs Continental Europe has done an exceptional job with our customers, really putting together joint business plans with them into next year that help us cover, you know cover the high inflation that exists there. So lots of good work happening in Europe, continued strong momentum despite exceptional headwinds.  In terms of elasticity, the one area where we're starting to see a little bit of return to normal elasticity would be in cereal in Europe. In the UK actually it looked like it was starting in Continental Europe, but there's a lot of noise, so I wouldn't point to that as anything significant right now. There's a lot of variables in it, but it's the one area where elasticity is probably emerging faster than anywhere else in the world. 
David Palmer: It's helpful, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is now open. 
Andrew Lazar : Great! Thanks so much. Steven, in North America cereal, obviously the fire and the strike were certainly disruptive, but I guess I'm curious if there was an opportunity to make any structural changes to how you compete as you return product to the shelf. So like in other words, was there an opportunity to come back with an even more optimized SKU assortment than before or you know as you return to commercial activity.  What are you seeing in terms of ROIs on those activities, again versus like before the strike, or maybe there are other structural elements that you're working on there that I may not be thinking of. And maybe I'm making too much of this and the focus was simply on just getting product back on the shelves. But what I'm trying to do is think ahead of it from here about you know when this unit is ultimately on its own. Thanks so much. 
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks Andrew. I'd say we actually are emerging stronger from what was an incredibly trying time. Obviously you have a major fire and then you have a strike that lasts a full quarter, an exceptionally difficult environment. But we were confident that we could restore the business and we have been sequentially and now as we look forward, we're looking at even better year-over-year performance, and that's coming from some of the things that you mentioned.  We did prioritize SKUs. We cut out a number of tails, which allows us to consolidate some of our investment around our strongest brands. So some of the things I mentioned you know, you know Tony the Tiger being back, you know lots of good promotional activity being back, the ROIs are rising for us and you can see that in some of the shares of our leading brands. The pricing we've been and the revenue growth management has been exceptional behind you know those programs and those ROIs. Our shelf sets if you walk the stores look very, very good, you know compared to where they looked only six months ago. So it is about prioritized SKU's, prioritized brand investment, getting the commercial activity back there. Our fourth quarter has got really good innovation coming through that's been well accepted. So I'd say the cereal business has emerged as a stronger business and that's why you heard the optimism when we talk about the business going forward, it's been very strong. And then in Canada, you know even stronger, so terrific job by the team. 
Andrew Lazar : Thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you for your questions. The next question is from the line of Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Pamela Kaufman : Hi! Good morning. 
A - Steve Cahillane: Good morning.
Amit Banati: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman : You pointed to continued challenges on the supply chain and are seeing continued acceleration in inflation. So just wondering what your updated inflation expectation is for this year and can you talk about what you are seeing in the supply chain and where you've seen slower improvement relative to inflation. 
Steve Cahillane: Yes, I'll start on supply chain and turn it over to Amit on inflation, the first part of your question.  On supply chain, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, it has not gotten any worse, right. So you know we were in a position where each quarter continued to accelerate in terms of disruptions, what we call things that get to the attention of our control tower and right now that stopped getting worse. I would say there's not – as we look out on the horizon, there's not a lot of signals that it's going to get better any time soon or significantly better. So we're operating in an environment that continues to be somewhat tumultuous. But the execution that we're able to bring forward has gotten better and better as we continue to get used to an environment with so many disruptions. And Amit, do you want to talk about inflation?
Amit Banati: I think from an inflation standpoint, you know we did see meaningful acceleration during the quarter. So we saw input cost inflation at around the 20’s, into the 20’s, and so I think you know from a full year standpoint and we expect similar levels of inflation in quarter four as well. And I think you know given the acceleration we've seen in quarter three into quarter four, I think our full year inflation, you know from the high teens is now kind of pushing close to the 20% level from an inflation standpoint. 
Pamela Kaufman : Great! Thanks. And then are you expecting to or do you need to take incremental pricing to offset the inflation that you're seeing in the business, and how should we think about – and how are you thinking about kind of the balance of incremental pricings versus your commentary around increasing elasticities in certain categories? 
Amit Banati: I think as always, and as you've seen in our results right, it's a combination of productivity, it's a combination of revenue growth management, and I think as you saw in our quarter three results, our price mix accelerated during the quarter. So I think you know the teams are doing a terrific job navigating through what is a high cost inflation environment by taking instrumental actions as needed.  I would say that on gross margins we saw sequential improvement despite all the inflation, we saw sequential improvement in quarter three, and I think our expectation is that we will see margin improve and gross profit dollars improve in quarter four as we lapped you know the fire and strike. I think from a full year gross margin standpoint, our previous guidance was around 100 basis points declined. You know we'd expect that to be a bit more than the 100 basis points that we had guided to, but I think you know that gives you an indication that despite the higher inflation, you know the amount of incremental actions that the teams have taken, and just the strength of our brands. 
Pamela Kaufman : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your questions. The next question is from the line of Chris Growe was Stifel. Your line is now open. 
Chris Growe : Hi! Good morning. 
A - Steve Cahillane: Good morning Chris! 
Chris Growe : Just had a couple of questions for you. The first one, just for you to follow-on a little bit on the questions around Europe just as we're getting a sense of the incremental elasticity in those markets and those other markets as well. Snacks was a little softer in its growth as well. Then I thought, are you seeing that in snacks or was that more of the comp of the prior year? 
A - Steve Cahillane: I think Chris it was more the comp of the prior year. We're really not seeing elasticities in Europe. You know our snacks business led by Pringles is very, very strong. In fact, if you look at – you know we stopped all shipments into Russia as you know and we quickly diverted all that. You know we were able to sell that volume elsewhere immediately and we're still you know somewhat capacity constrained as the business has been so strong. 
Amit Banati: It was up over 22 – it was up almost 22% in the year ago quarter Chris. 
Chris Growe : Right, I know it was a tough comp. Just have you indicated how much the volume drag in Europe there was from Russia, not shipping into Russia? 
A - Steve Cahillane: Virtually all of Europe's volume declined. 
Amit Banati: Yep. 
Chris Growe : Okay, and I just have one follow-on, which is in the AMEA division and the noodles and other business continues to grow very strongly along with the other businesses there. Is that a business that's growing volume as well as pricing. I know it's been a very inflationary environment. Are you seeing volume growth in that business as well?
Steve Cahillane: It's a pricing story there Chris, it's almost all price. In fact it is all price and our ability to take that level of price has been obviously impressive, but it's a pricing story. 
Chris Growe : Okay, thank you for that color. 
A - Steve Cahillane: You bet.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. 
Robert Moskow : Hi! I think Pamela tried to get at this question, but into 2023, I would expect you'd have continued high levels of inflation to get what you're saying about the acceleration in the third quarter. Would it be fair to assume you know double digit inflation in 2023? And then maybe, can you give us a little more color as to why it accelerated in 3Q? I mean we're looking at spot values for commodities and they don't seem to be going up higher sequentially. You know what is your cost going higher?
A - Steve Cahillane: Yeah, so Rob I would say you definitely should plan on double digit inflation going into next year and I don't think that's going to be unique to Kellogg. In fact, I know it's not going to be unique to Kellogg.  If you look at spot prices, you know it doesn't always tell the full story. Year-over-year price changes even in spot are still up double digits. You know corn up over 20%, cooking oil is up over 20%, wheat in double digits, you know diesel nearing 50%. You know price, you know this whole inflation was going to be transitory, was always obviously ridiculous, and so we continue to see strong inflation ingredients in Coleman, in packaging, across the board.  So I think as a total country and globe, we need to prepare for the same type of inflation, and this is double digit inflation on top of the inflation we've seen this year. So it's a pretty significant macroeconomic event. 
Robert Moskow : Okay, maybe a follow up. It seems like there's more kind of knock-on costs like labor, energy, co-packing. Is it more difficult to pass along those costs to retailers or is there a good understanding that, ‘hey, that's just the rising cost of business.’ 
Amit Banati: Yeah, I think you know we've largely been successful right in covering inflation on our input costs and our packaging costs, right, and so I think you know – I think what, from a disruption standpoint, that's probably and you know some of the unplanned, because of supply chain bottlenecks and some of those inefficiencies are probably the ones that you know it's hard to forecast and hard to plan around that we probably have not been able to pass on. 
Robert Moskow : Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open. 
Ken Goldman : Hi! Thank you. I just wanted to clarify and make sure I heard correctly what you were saying about the European volumes. I think you said that almost all of the downturn in European volume this quarter was because of the Russia situation. But I also maybe heard you say that that volume was sold elsewhere, so I may have just heard that wrong. I was just trying to get a sense of you know how to think about that as a put and take maybe. 
A - Amit Banati: So I think in the quarter right, when you were lapping, when you compare the Russia business itself right, we stopped shipments in. So yes, you know all the decline was driven by the Russia, by the Russia stop shipments. I think you know the teams have done a remarkable job right, in terms of finding alternative users of that volume, not just in Europe, but around the world into AMEA as well and so I think you know, we've been able to work through that, through the network. 
Ken Goldman : Thank you, and then a quick follow up Amit just on the – and thank you for the guidance regarding pension income into the fourth quarter. You know I understand a lot can change between now and next year and you're not guiding to ’23. But you did mention that we should expect an incremental headwind in ‘23. So I'm just trying to give a sense for you know how big that headwind might be given that we have obviously limited information about what the stock market and interest rates will be. But are there any rough numbers we can kind of model in, just in comparison to the $38 million other income line we saw this past quarter? 
Amit Banati: Yeah. So I think you know we'd firstly say, we'd expect a similar amount for quarter four right, so I think that's the first thing. Obviously it depends really on what happens on markets, because the remeasurement would really be at the year end, and where the markets are at the end of the year. What we’ve seen this year is like I said, it's about on two of our plans. They are roughly around 50% of our value, of our pension assets, and you've seen it for about half a year.  So you know we'd expect a full year impact next year. We need to re-measure all the plans, but, it really depends on where markets are at the end of the year. So it's hard to forecast and we’ll obviously talk a lot more about that when we are guiding for ‘23 in our February call. And this is not unique to us. I think it's driven by what's happening in interest rates, as well as markets, and it's of course non-operating and non-cash. 
Cody Ross: Understood. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question is from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Your line is now open. 
Michael Lavery: Good morning. 
A - Steve Cahillane: Good morning. 
Amit Banati: Good morning. 
Michael Lavery: Just wanted to come back to revenue guidance and it just looks like the 10% or so on the full year would suggest something around a 7% organic growth in the fourth quarter. I imagine certainly there’s some conservatism, but what would drive a deceleration like that? Is there stepped up promotional spending; is it just your assumptions around elasticities. Can you help us unpack some of how you're thinking about that?
Amit Banati: Yeah, you know the guidance for the quarter four is roughly in line with the year-to-date rate at double digit levels. So it's – yeah, so it's similar to that. You would see the Russia impact as we saw in quarter three and quarter four as well. So you know as we cycled the stop shipments of Pringles into Russia. And so you know directionally it's in line with the year-to-date.  As always, you know we made some assumptions around rising pricing elasticity. So we’d see how that plays out. I think also from a lab standpoint, quarter four last year was when we took the most revenue growth management actions last year. So we'd be lapping that. So I think you know there are a couple of factors there, but broadly I'd say that the quarter four guide is in line with the year-to-date rates. 
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's helpful. And just on the developed markets outside the U.S., you touched on the increases in the cereal elasticities. Just as far as how the consumer behavior is evolving, do you have a sense how much they are trading down to something like private label or exiting the category or what's their response been when you see these elasticities growing? 
Steve Cahillane: It hasn't been interestingly trading down, so – and by the way, it's still low levels of price elasticity. So we're just saying this is the first maybe early indicators that it's returning in some of those regions, but still low, still not back to historical levels. And when you look at private label, there's a lot of variables all around the world, but by and large we see no empirical evidence of private label growing in any of our markets, really in any of our categories in a meaningful way.  We see in fact quite the opposite in some markets and where they are growing, they tend to be growing off year ago comparisons, which were challenged, and so that's really what we're seeing. The concern I think overall is just the absolute nature of household budgets and as inflation throughout the economy continues to rage, you know how that affects the absolute dollars available for households.  But what you see in our categories is we tend to be affected less than discretionary consumer goods and travel and dining out and things of that nature, so. But it's one to watch. We do not take it for granted. We watch our price gaps very much. We continue to invest in our brands. We're not complacent by any means, but we just haven't seen the empirical evidence that private label is making meaningful inroads in any of our categories or geographies. 
Michael Lavery: Okay, thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question is from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is now open. 
Bryan Spillane: Thanks operator. Good morning guys. Just two quick follow-ups. 
Steve Cahillane: Hi Bryan! 
Bryan Spillane: Yep, hi! So just two quick follow-ups. Amit, as I guess with SG&A spending coming back in the second half, is the ’23 full year SG&A base a reasonably good base to think of for next year or did you end this year still not spending at a normalized level? 
Amit Banati: I think you know we are pleased with the level of spending. I think the phasing and we think we are spending competitively in the marketplace to drive the brands. I think there was some phasing obviously between the first half and the second half, but overall from a full year standpoint right, you know we are pleased with where we are. 
Bryan Spillane: Okay, and then just the second one, last one is just related to the discussion about the pension remeasurement and the effect on P&L. Is there any – are there any cash consequences, you know just given where markets have moved? Is there – are you fully funded? Will you need to put cash in? Just trying to understand if there's going to be any cash consequences related to that. 
Amit Banati: No cash consequences, really. I mean, you know I think the level of funding, because both your assets and your liabilities go down. So your level of funding is – you know it moves a little bit, but not meaningfully, so this is really more driven by accounting and like I said, its non-cash, non-operating, and I think the level of funding in the pension plans doesn't change meaningfully. 
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Thanks guys. 
John Renwick: Operator, we might have time for one last question. 
Operator: Thank you. The final question is from the line of Nik Modi with RBC Capital. Your line is now open. 
Nik Modi: Yes, thanks. Good morning everyone. The question is just – I know obviously stranded costs or something you're still looking into, but I was curious if you had a view yet or a strategy on what you're going to do on the supply chain side in terms of which business is actually going to own the trucks, you know just some of that stuff. Will you have a TSA agreement? Just was curious if you had any developments on that front?  And then from a consumer insight standpoint, will the cereal business have to develop its own system or will you be able to leverage existing insight from the snacking company? Thank you. 
Steve Cahillane: If I understand the question, again, next year we'll be providing much more transparent information on it. In terms of things like who owns the trucks, we outsource the vast majority of our logistics right now, so we'll be working through warehousing and all those types of things. But when you look at the scale of both of our businesses, you know they are pretty scaled businesses, so it's – we're not going to be running half truckloads anywhere. We'll be running full truck loads and it's the work that's being done right now.  And yes, there will be TSA agreements between the businesses, mainly the snacks business providing TSA to the Cereal Co. In terms of things like IT, you know the classic way to do this is you typically clone systems and then separate and we've got a lot of experts helping us with that. A number of us have been through these things before and are you know, you get a lot of experience at it.  So a lot of work going on right now, but what you should hear from us is a very, very high degree of confidence that the work is progressing exactly as we expected and that we have a high degree of confidence in the value creation opportunity that exists, and that's exactly why we're doing it. 
Nik Modi: Excellent! Thank you, Steve. 
John Renwick: Operator, we are at the hour here. 
Operator: Thank you for your questions. 
John Renwick: So everybody, thank you for interest. Thank you for your interest, and if you do have follow-ups, please feel free to call. 
Operator: That concludes the conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our second quarter results and an update on our outlook for 2022. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer. Slide 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. This is a particular note during the current COVID-19 pandemic, volatile input costs and supply disruptions when the length and severity of these issues and resultant economic and business impacts are so difficult to predict. A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of kelloggcompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. And now I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We are obviously pleased to be able to report yet another quarter of strong performance, one that puts us in a position to raise our outlook for the full year. Before we get into the specific results and guidance, let me emphasize how we are navigating so well through what is undoubtedly a challenging business environment. First, we continue to execute our Deploy for Balanced Growth strategy depicted on Slide 5. As you'll see in the coming slides, it is clearly working. We remain equally committed to our planet and community as evidenced by our strong push in various areas of ESG. Some of our quarter two actions, achievements and recognitions are shown on Slide 6. For a more in-depth look at our ESG work, be on the lookout for our latest annual global ESG report, which will be published next week.  The result of this continued focus on execution is another quarter of strong results, as indicated on Slide 7. As you'll see in a moment, our momentum in snacks remains impressive around the world and led by world-class brands. Our international regions collectively posted yet another quarter of strong growth in sales and profit, a performance that is driven not only by snacks but also Cereal and Noodles & Other in emerging markets.  We also had an exceptional quarter for North America. This was driven not only by snacks but also by cereal. Our North America Cereal business continues to replenish inventory, both ours and net of our customers, leading to gradual resumption of commercial activity and recovery of share. We continue to mitigate the margin pressure created by decades-high cost inflation and bottlenecks and shortages evident across the entire economy. Our productivity initiatives continue to work and our revenue growth management actions continue to be effective.  As a result, we remain on an upward trajectory for operating profit. We're generating strong cash flow, which is providing enhanced financial flexibility, contributing to an increase this year in our dividend and in our share buybacks, all while reducing our net debt year-on-year as well. So we're executing well and delivering ahead of our own financial expectations. And as a result, today, we are raising our full year guidance.  Meanwhile, with June's public kickoff announcement, we continue to progress towards separating our company to 3 stronger, more focused companies as shown on Slide 8. We strongly believe that North America Cereal Co. and Plant Co. will be stronger as separate companies, able to focus on their specific strategies, priorities and resource needs.  Another key precept of our decision was the strength of our remaining Global Snacking Co. business. And our quarter two results only reemphasize that strength. As with any spinoff, this will require organizational design work and carving out the financials of the to-be-separated businesses, which in our structure today are integrated across business units. Work is well underway and we'll keep you apprised of our progress over the next several months. We will also remain laser-focused on delivering on our strategy and financial objectives in the meantime.  So we feel good about our first half of 2022. We feel confident about our second half, and we are excited about our separation plans. Let me now turn it over to Amit, who will explain our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. We'll start with a brief summary of our quarter two financial results on Slide 10. Our net sales growth in quarter two again came in better than projected. This was a result of good momentum, particularly in snacks and Noodles & Other as well as price elasticity not returning as quickly to historical levels as we had assumed. It was also driven by North America Cereals recovery happening faster than planned.  Our adjusted basis operating profit grew 10% on a currency-neutral basis in quarter two. This was better than expected and it brings our first half into year-on-year growth. This growth comes despite high cost inflation, industry-wide supply disruptions and incremental costs and lost sales stemming from a fire and strike in our North America Cereal business in the second half of 2021.  Our adjusted basis earnings per share grew a better-than-expected 8% on a currency-neutral basis, bringing our year-to-date growth up to 5%. Cash flow through the first two quarters was ahead of our projections and significantly higher than last year. So clearly, it was a strong quarter, and we entered the second half ahead of where we thought we'd be at this juncture.  Now let's look into each of these metrics in closer detail. Slide 11 lays out the components of our net sales growth this year. On an organic basis, we recorded 12% net sales growth in quarter two. Volume remained pressured in quarter two by bottlenecks and shortages, but the decline was more moderate than expected. Price elasticity did not increase as much as we had anticipated. And our North America Cereal business recovered inventory and shipments faster than expected.  Price/mix remained elevated in quarter two, even accelerating as all 4 regions utilized all levers of revenue growth management in order to complement productivity initiatives. This is all in an effort to protect gross profit dollars amidst enormously high input cost inflation. Through the first half, our net sales grew organically by 8%, with price/mix growth more than offsetting the negative volume impacts of supply disruptions, most notably in North America Cereal and price elasticity.  Foreign currency translation negatively impacted net sales growth by more than 3 percentage points in quarter two as currencies around the globe weakened further against the U.S. dollar. Slide 12 shows the organic basis net sales growth rates of each region during the first 2 quarters of this year. We have generated solid growth in all 4 regions year-to-date, even despite unusual supply disruptions principally in North America. For our international regions, quarter two strong growth was a continuation of a multi-quarter and multi-year trend. And for our North America region, the quarter two growth reflected continued strength in snacks, complemented by better-than-expected recovery in cereal, including trade inventory replenishment.  Overall, for the second half, we expect to see price/mix continue to drive our sales growth, reflecting revenue growth management actions already executed as well as further RGM activity to be taken in the second half. On volume, we are taking the planning stance of assuming a gradual return to normal levels of price elasticity, and additionally, we face a larger impact from lost Russia volume.  Turning now to gross profit. Slide 13 offers a glimpse at just how impactful input cost inflation and supply disruptions have been as well as how each region has utilized revenue growth management to help protect the dollar profit impact. COGS per kilo is a metric that captures the rate of cost across all factors from input cost inflation to adverse transactional foreign exchange to supply disruptions, which create lost absorption and the need to utilize more expensive spot markets.  These metrics also captures productivity savings and changes in mix. As you can see on the chart, this comprehensive cost per kilo was up in the high teens year-on-year in the first half, even after productivity savings. The good news is that our net sales per kilo, which is how we measure price/mix, is up in the low teens, covering a sizable portion of our input cost inflation. However, it's not able to cover the unpredictable impacts of supply disruptions and impacts related to last year's second half fire and strike.  Our objective during this unusually high cost environment is to protect gross profit dollars as much as we can. Slide 14 shows that our gross profit through the first half is down year-on-year, but it wouldn't have been were it not for the fire and strike's residual impact in quarter 1. Moreover, it remains higher than our pre-COVID first half 2019 level with or without the businesses we divested later that year. So even though our margins have been pressured by the current environment, our gross profit dollars remain on an upward trajectory.  As we get into the second half, we no longer have fire and strike impact. In fact, we lap it in quarter 4. Input cost inflation is likely to remain ahead of our productivity and RGM offsets, and we now assume no moderation in bottlenecks and shortages until quarter 4. As a result, we believe we will see gross profit dollars narrow the year-on-year deficit in quarter 3 and then swing to year-on-year growth in quarter 4 when we lap the worst of the fire and strike.  SG&A expense, meanwhile, will work in the opposite direction in the second half. Slide 15 shows how our SG&A began to decline in the second half of 2021 when supply disruptions, starting with bottlenecks and shortages and then worsening with fire and strike forced us to pull back on A&P investment. This was mainly the case in North America Cereal, which continue to refrain from this investment during quarter 1 and only started to resume investment in a relatively small way during quarter two. But you can see how SG&A returned to year-on-year growth in quarter two and should continue to do so in the second half. This will be driven by increased A&P as we restore commercial activity as well as by higher incentive compensation related to our improved outlook and a return to travel and meetings.  Putting it all together, we see on Slide 16 our quarter two and first half operating profit performance in the context of prior years. Leaving aside 2020, which stood out for its pandemic-related lift from shoppers stocking up, our operating profit remains on an upward trajectory. And we grew operating profit year-on-year in quarter two and the first half with and without currency translation. We expect to sustain this upward dollar profit trajectory in the second half as well in spite of cost and supply pressures and increased investment.  Turning now to our below-the-line items on Slide 17. These items were collectively negative to EPS growth in the quarter and only slightly positive for the first half. Interest expense was again down year-on-year in quarter two, owing to lower average debt. However, rising interest rates on the roughly 20% of our debt that is floating will swing interest expense into a year-on-year headwind in the second half.  Other income, which is predominantly the nonoperating portion of pension expense, decreased meaningfully year-on-year in quarter two and the first half, attributable to lower asset values at the beginning of the year. In the second half, an update of higher interest rates and lower pension asset values, reflecting this year's sharply lower fixed income and equity markets will pull down other income in the second half by more than previously forecast. And barring a significant comeback in the financial markets over the remainder of the year, this will be a sizable headwind in 2023 as well.  Our effective tax rate in quarter two was up year-on-year. But through the first half, it was right in line with the approximately 22% rate we expect for the full year. Our JV earnings and minority interest were collectively less negative to net income, thanks to consolidating some of our Africa joint ventures at midyear in 2021. We have now lapped that consolidation so it is no longer a tailwind for this line item.  And average shares outstanding decreased slightly year-on-year, a reflection of our share buybacks during quarter 1. Based on accelerated options exercises and higher stock price, we now expect shares outstanding to decrease less than 0.5% for the full year.  Let's now look at our cash flow, starting with our cash flow conversion ratio shown on Slide 18. In recent years, we've made it a priority to improve our conversion of earnings into cash flow. And while 2020 was distorted by the various effects of the pandemic, you can see that our ratio of cash flow to adjusted basis net income has been on an upward trajectory.  Slide 19 shows what this focus and discipline has done for us. On the left side, you can see that our absolute cash flow has remained on an upward trajectory, and this continued in quarter two. And on the right-hand side, you can see that this cash flow, along with proceeds from our 2019 divestiture, has enabled us to reduce our net debt, leading to lower leverage ratios. This has given us enhanced financial flexibility, even as we have continued to increase our dividend and buy back shares.  Let's now turn to Slide 20 and a discussion about our guidance for the full year. As Steve mentioned, our first half was strong enough and our momentum durable enough that we feel comfortable raising our guidance on all 4 metrics. We are raising our full year outlook for net sales to organic growth of 7% to 8%, a sizable increase from our previous guidance of approximately 4% growth. We are raising our full year outlook for adjusted basis operating profit to 4% to 5% growth on a currency-neutral basis, up significantly from our previous guidance of 1% to 2% growth.  We are raising our full year outlook for adjusted basis earnings per share to approximately 2% growth on a currency-neutral basis, up from our previous guidance of 1% to 2% growth. This is held back only by the pension remeasurement we discussed earlier. This is a nonoperating noncash item. We are raising our full year outlook for cash flow to approximately $1.2 billion, up from our previous guidance of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. This reflects not only a higher cash earnings, but it also incorporates incremental upfront cash outlays in 2022 related to the upcoming separation transactions.  So to summarize on Slide 21, we feel very good about our financial condition as we enter the second half. As Steve mentioned, the work continues towards the separations. As of now, we estimate that we'll incur between $70 million to $80 million in upfront costs in 2022 related to readying for the transactions. To ensure visibility into the ongoing results of the businesses, the company will disclose these upfront costs and exclude them from its adjusted basis operating profit and earnings per share in its external reporting.  However, the cash portion of these costs, which we estimate could be about half of these upfront expenses, are incorporated into our cash flow guidance as always. Meanwhile, we're going to great lengths to ensure no disruption to our business while this work is going on. And we are pleased with the financial health of our businesses. We feel good enough about our business that we can today raise our full year guidance on all key metrics while using our strong cash flow to both return more cash to shareowners and preserve a strong balance sheet. Let me now turn it back to Steve for a review of our regions.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. I'll start with a review of each of our regions, beginning with Kellogg North America on Slide 23. This region had an exceptionally good quarter, posting notably strong net sales growth with growth in both volume and price/mix. And this top line performance drove good growth in operating profit as well. Our sales growth was led by our largest business, snacks, which accelerated because of end market momentum, revenue growth management and replenishment of trade inventory. We obviously feel very good about our snacks business going into the second half. Cereal also posted strong net sales growth in the second quarter, driven both by volume as we replenished both our and retailers' inventories and by price/mix as we executed revenue growth management actions. We feel that our recovery is on firm footing as we enter the second half. And as we get past the fire and strike impact, we are in the early stages of recovering our profit margins in this business as well.  In Frozen, net sales growth in our From the Griddle Eggo business was offset by the decline in our plant-based business, with the latter experiencing supply disruptions at a co-manufacturer. Both businesses are expected to have a better second half, aided by improved capacity and supply. Overall, North America turned in a very good first half, considering its enormous supply obstacles and is poised to sustain top line growth while improving bottom line performance in the second half even as we restore investment.  Kellogg Europe's results are shown on Slide 24. The second quarter was another good one for this region. Revenue growth management actions have sustained good price/mix growth with an extra boost from country and category mix with elasticity impact on volume returning, particularly in cereal but not as quickly as we had anticipated. snacks, which represent almost half of our annual Kellogg Europe net sales, continued to deliver strong growth, both in net sales and in consumption. This has been led by sustained momentum in Pringles but also our portable wholesome snacks brands, which are benefiting from both a resumption in consumer mobility but also from our increased focus on revitalizing these brands.  In cereal, our net sales growth was fairly broad-based across the region, led by effective revenue growth management actions, though with signs of increasing price elasticity in Continental Europe. Going into the second half, we expect to sustain momentum in snacks even as we absorb a larger impact of halting shipments into Russia and working through general supply tightness. And across the business, we'll continue to leverage revenue growth management and productivity to help mitigate the impact of what will be accelerating cost pressures.  Kellogg Latin America, shown on Slide 25, also had a solid quarter two. Its high single-digit net sales growth was driven by price mix and in-market momentum even if we did start to see the rising price elasticity, particularly in cereal. In snacks, which represent more than 1/3 of our annual net sales in Latin America, we continued to drive very strong growth across the region, including share gains in our key markets.  In cereal, net sales grew in most markets and we continued to gain share overall, led by Mexico, Colombia and Brazil. Cost inflation has been higher in our emerging markets than in our developed markets and further exacerbated by adverse transactional foreign exchange. And while this led to margin pressure in Kellogg Latin America, we did see sequential moderation in the second quarter, and this helped drive year-on-year growth in operating profit. In the second half, we expect to sustain sales and profit growth even as we work to offset accelerated cost inflation.  We'll finish our regional review with Kellogg EMEA in Slide 26. During the second quarter, our high teens net organic sales growth was very similar to that of quarter 1 and even the full year of 2021. The growth reflects primarily our revenue growth management actions as we work to protect dollar profit from the highest cost inflation of any region in our company, with ocean freight being a particular driver of this higher cost pressure. This enabled us to continue to post solid operating profit growth in quarter two despite the pressure on margins.  Leading EMEA's growth in quarter two and the first half were Noodles & Other, which make up almost half of the region's annual net sales and which sustained its strong momentum in Africa. Snacks, representing about 1/5 of EMEA's annual net sales, also sustained organic net sales growth of more than 20% with gains across Asia, Africa, the Middle East and Australia driven by momentum in Pringles. In cereal, which generates about 1/3 of our EMEA annual net sales, also posted good broad-based net sales growth with notable strength in Australia, India and the Middle East. For the second half, strong top line and profit growth are expected for this region.  Now let's take a step back and look at Slide 27, which groups our portfolio into the businesses that will comprise each of the 3 post-separation companies. We continue to see strong momentum in the businesses that represent 80% of our portfolio today and that will comprise Global Snacking Co. after the separations. Our snacks businesses around the world continue to show good momentum with organic net sales growth in the double digits during the first half. This double-digit growth is coming from all 4 regions, and it was faster in quarter two than it was in quarter 1. And as we'll see in a moment, this growth is being led by world-class brands.  Noodles & Other, which is predominantly in Africa and the Middle East, continues to post double-digit growth, both in the quarter and the half, aided by higher prices and expanded distribution. International cereal posted low single-digit growth in the first half, led by emerging markets, which make up almost half of our international cereal sales and continue to post good growth in growing categories. And in frozen breakfast, we delivered low single-digit growth despite being constrained on capacity during the quarter.  Putting them all together, the Global Snacking Co. businesses collectively have generated double-digit organic basis net sales growth so far this year. For North America Cereal Co., 2022 is all about recovery of supply, and as we'll discuss in a moment, this recovery is off to a faster-than-expected start. Its lack of inventory pulled down sales sharply in the first quarter but it grew substantially year-on-year in quarter two, bringing its first half net sales performance to a very low single-digit decline.  The only post-spin business where there was softness in quarter two was in Plant Co., which has experienced some supply disruption which we'll discuss in a moment. Let's look at each of these businesses and their key brands. When we turn to Slide 28, we can see that our world-class snacks brands have continued to perform well in market this year around the world. Pringles with $2.5 billion in annual net sales globally remains in an impressive form. It has generated double-digit consumption growth in most of our biggest markets around the world.  Cheez-It with over $1 billion of annual net sales has continued to drive share gains in the cracker category, both in the U.S. and in Canada with our new Pop'd platform off to a strong start and incremental to the core line. Pop-Tarts closing in on $1 billion of annual net sales continues to post good growth in its core U.S. market while showing excellent promise in international markets. The same goes for Rice Krispies Treats with $0.5 billion of annual net sales and double-digit consumption growth in key markets this year. These 4 brands collectively represented more than 40% of the total 2021 net sales of what will be Global Snacking Co. On Slide 29, we see continued strong retail sales growth across key international cereal markets also led by world-class brands. In Europe, the cereal category has slowed, resuming more price elasticity than other regions, and our consumption is lapping a notably strong 2-year period, but we continue to drive good growth in key brands. In emerging markets, which represent about half of our international cereal sales annually, consumption growth remains robust, both for us and the category. We're seeing strong high single-digit consumption growth in Latin America with share gains in key markets like Mexico, Colombia and Brazil. And in EMEA, we're seeing mid-single-digit consumption growth across the region and share gains in markets ranging from Australia to Korea to Saudi Arabia to South Africa.  Slide 30 shows another growth business for us, Noodles & Other. This is comprised of our distributor business in West Africa and our Kellogg's branded noodle business elsewhere in Africa and the Middle East. This is a $1 billion-plus business that has consistently posted double-digit or high single-digit growth quarter after quarter after quarter. This reflects the competitive advantage Multipro offers as well as the value of offering a Kellogg's product line at the lower end of the price pyramid.  Turning to frozen breakfast on Slide 31. Our Eggo brand continues to perform well even despite being constrained on capacity, particularly in waffles and pancakes. The good news is that additional waffles capacity came on stream late in quarter two, and innovation like the more portable style waffle is off to a good start. With about $750 million in annual net sales globally, this is yet another world-class brand and reliable grower that continues to show momentum.  Now let's turn to our U.S. cereal business on Slide 32. As we've discussed, 2022 is all about recovering supply after severe disruptions in late 2021. And as we mentioned earlier, we are ahead of plan in terms of rebuilding inventory, both our own and net of our retail partners. As supply has improved, so have our total distribution points and so has our share. In fact, we've now recovered more than 4 share points since the start of the year. And we have only recently resumed commercial activity and even then, only on certain brands. And this improving trend has continued into July.  On Slide 33, the chart on the left shows how the overall category has accelerated growth lately on the strength of our increased prices and below-average elasticity. It also shows our supply-driven turnaround quite clearly and how we have already begun to catch up on the category. And this trend continued into July. The chart on the right offers a view of how our 5 largest brands are recovering share after hitting lows in the fourth quarter and the aftermath of our fire and strike. These brands have started to resume commercial activity and they are responding immediately.  So we feel good about how our supply is recovering, how we are getting back on shelf and how we are recovering share. We are also poised to begin recovering profit margin. This business is clearly on the rebound.  Moving now to plant-based foods on Slide 34. Our Morningstar Farms is uncharacteristically down in net sales and consumption through the first half. Much of this has to do with supply chain challenges, principally with a co-manufacturer, which led us to reducing our commercial activities. This is a short-term issue and we're working through it. And we have strong plans for the second half as we resume commercial activity. Nevertheless, this is a leader in plant-based foods, a category with tremendous growth prospects. This is a business that remains in good condition from the standpoint of brand equity, marketing and innovation pipeline as well as profitability.  So to close out our prepared remarks, let me briefly summarize with Slide 36. Through the second quarter and the first half, we're very pleased at how the business is performing, particularly given the challenging business environment. We have sustained momentum in the majority of our portfolio. In North America cereal, our recovery is progressing well. We continue to mitigate the pressure on our profit margins. Our cash flow and balance sheet are strong, giving us strong financial flexibility.  We have kicked off the process of separating into 3 companies, and we will not let this distract us from delivering results. And with all this going on, we are raising our outlook for the year. This gives you an idea of just how strong the first half we've had and the kind of confidence we have in our business and all our Kellogg employees that bring their skill and grit to work each and every day. And with that, we'll open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Steve, with the announced spin of North America cereal, one of -- the biggest pushback I think we've continued to hear is really more about the longer-term sustainability of the business as sort of a stand-alone beyond the recovery expected to occur in '22, which is clearly taking shape nicely as you just talked about. So I mean, taking a more forward-looking stance, like on the top line, the question is more about share longer term as I think Kellogg was losing share fairly consistently prior to sort of all of this and prior to the pandemic.  And then on profitability, how do you balance the margin opportunity that you've talked about with the potential need to reinvest more to at least get to a point where you can at least hold share again over the longer term?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. So let me start by just framing the cereal business a little bit in our business for you. We have 5 of the top 11 brands. They are strong brands. All the information, research and data that we have suggests or reinforces how strong these brands are, how relevant they are. The category, as you know right now, is very healthy. It's showing incredible pricing power. Even the last 4 weeks is better than the last 13 weeks. The category is quite healthy. It's versatile. It's showing, especially in challenging times, that it is a very affordable meal for people. A bowl of cereal with a glass of milk is $1, and that's really helping the category. Our recovery, which you already mentioned, is happening faster than planned. We're up 400 basis points year-to-date so the business has good momentum. But your question is, so how do we think about it in the future? And why is it going to be a strong business going forward? And we were losing share prior to the pandemic, and that's well documented. Some of the reasons for that, we went through a pack size harmonization which was necessary, but we did that.  The pandemic obviously had supply-related constraints for everybody. That was a real issue for us. Then we had a fire and strike, and you see the real results of that, and it was very, very difficult but we came through that. This is not a business that has been underinvested, right? But this is a business that will benefit from a focused management team. 1 focus will be -- the only focus will be how to drive these great brands in a category that is showing good recovery. The 1 focus of a new sales force will be these brands with the customers.  There are opportunities for productivity, for sure, for supply chain automation that we're already undergoing right now. And perhaps the best example I can give you, and there's many examples because we've studied these types of spins, where you talk about focus and taking a great collection of brands and focusing them with the management team.  And look at what we've done with Pringles. Pringles, when we took it over was not a brand that was growing. It was not a brand that was able to break through price points. And today, Pringles, you see in virtually all the big markets around the world, is growing double digits, right? So we are very confident in the cereal business going forward for all of these reasons, good category, great brands, focused management team and good examples of where it's worked in the past.
Operator: The next question is from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Sunil Modi: So I guess, Steve, the question is most of us listening on the call have seen a lot of these spins over the last 10, 15, 20 years covering the space. And I think it's pretty safe to say that when these situations are occurring, it's tough, or at least what we've witnessed, it's tough for companies that are going through this process to kind of adjust to a changing environment, whether it be competitive, macro, et cetera.  And we're kind of in this environment now where I would say the volatility, as we can all agree, is probably higher than it's ever been. So I'm just curious. What have you guys observed or learned from prior spins at other companies? What frameworks are you putting in place to make sure that you're able to adjust and adapt to the environment as you go through this process?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Nik. So we have studied, as I just mentioned, quite a number of spins. We've got an excellent set of outside advisers that have great experience in this that are working with us. And a number of things I'd say is it's very important to understand who has accountability for what and have the right project teams in place and the right work streams in place to really diligently work through all the work that has to happen.  And perhaps the most important -- it is the most important thing while you're going through this is to keep the focus on the business and the business momentum, and we have great business momentum. And with another thing we've learned is the most successful spins happen from a position of strength, not from a position where you're desperate or things have to happen to fix the business, but when they happen from a real position of strength because then you can unlock the underlying potential of those businesses.  And I think we've got great momentum, obviously a terrific quarter across the board. And so we're doing this from a position of strength. And we've got good accountabilities across the patch. You'll see us making announcements in the coming months about various things related to the spins and keeping that momentum on the existing business and having momentum towards the back half of next year when we'll execute the spins is very important, and we're entirely focused on it.
Sunil Modi: And how close is the organization on figuring out divisional level executives, the C-suites for the independent company?
Steven Cahillane: So we'll be ready to make those announcements, we said, at the latest in the first quarter of 2023. We might be sooner than that. But when we're ready, we'll make those announcements. We'll make them internally first and then we'll share them with the outside world.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: First, thank you for the additional detail on the slides on segment-by-segment category growth. That's very helpful. I may have just missed it. Did you guys provide the expected FX impact on the top and bottom lines for the year? Did you update that at all?
Amit Banati: Yes. So Ken, this is Amit here. So I think during the quarter, we saw strengthening in the dollar against most currencies, particularly the pound and the euro. So in the quarter, in quarter two, we saw an impact of about 3% to 4% across net sales, OP and EPS. Though you've got to remember, this was the toughest comp from -- our toughest quarter from a comp standpoint. I think for the full year, based on exchange rates today, I'd estimate it at around a 3% impact.
Kenneth Goldman: And that's both top and bottom line?
Amit Banati: Yes.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. And then my follow-up, I wanted to get a better sense, and I know it's hard just to know these things for sure, but you did guide understandably to other income being less than what you thought previously. I don't think I also heard a specific number there. Do you have any kind of more precise guidance quantitatively that you can provide on that other income line?  And then I'm curious why now for the revaluation when we've already seen asset values fall by the first quarter? Why in the second quarter? Why didn't we see it in the first quarter? Maybe I'm just missing something obvious, but pensions aren't exactly my specialty.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think the remeasurement, that was triggered. It was technically triggered because of a number of retirees opting for a lump-sum pension payment. It increased to a point that triggered a remeasurement. So that's the reason why you're seeing why that remeasurement happened. And so I think -- so that's the reason why that happened. I think from a full year standpoint, I think you should see similar year-on-year decline, dollar declines as in the first half despite the comps are easier because we started seeing this trend in the second half of last year. So despite the easier comps, right, you're going to see a similar dollar and dollar declines in the second half as we saw in the first half.  And I think as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this will continue to be a headwind into 2023 where if markets stay where they are right now, obviously, we're going to see significantly lower asset values as we head into '23. So at current market levels, this would be a headwind that would continue into '23.
Operator: The next question is from Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley.
Pamela Kaufman: How much of a benefit did you see in the second quarter from inventory replenishment? And where are retailer inventory levels today? Do you expect to ship ahead of consumption in the third and fourth quarters?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So in terms of inventory, we did see replenishment of inventory in North America in cereal faster than we anticipated and somewhat in snacks as well, catching up to what had happened last quarter where consumption was ahead of shipments. And so on balance, when you put it all together, there's really kind of nothing to see here, except for the fact that retailer inventories are close to back to where they were in kind of pre-pandemic levels. Service levels are starting to get back to where we want them to be. Still work to be done, but broadly speaking, there's really not much of a story in shipments versus inventory on a year-to-date basis.
Pamela Kaufman: Got it, okay. And maybe if I could sneak 1 more in. Can you provide an updated input cost inflation outlook for the year? Is the recent moderation in commodity prices expected to translate into more moderate inflation next year? Or are there offsets like higher labor cost, supply chain issues that you would expect to keep inflation higher?
Amit Banati: So we continue to look for gross inflation on input costs to be in the high teens for the full year. In fact, if anything, it's now towards the absolute top end of that range. So incorporated in our guidance is an acceleration -- a continued acceleration in inflation. I think while the spot rates have moved down in some commodities, we are largely hedged for 2022 so we're not going to see any benefit in 2022. It's important also to note that while they move down, the spot rates have moved down, they're significantly higher. They continue to be higher than our averages for this year. And so we'll continue to see and plan for inflation into '23.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: Maybe just back to the U.S. cereal recovery. Clearly, as you've pointed out, you're ahead of schedule, which is great. I guess what I'm trying to figure out is how far ahead of schedule. I guess, maybe in time in terms of like when did you originally expect to be where you are now, if that's an answerable question. And then secondly, as you leverage that momentum, I guess, have your end state objectives or ambitions also changed for the better versus where you were when you started the year?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Steve. I guess it's hard to quantify exactly, but I'd say we're about 1/4, so say, 3 months ahead of schedule based on getting inventories where we want them to be and reinstating commercial activity. So as we look at the back half of the year, particularly in quarter 4, we'll be really back to normal in terms of through-the-line execution against all of our brands.  And what you see now, if you look at the syndicated data is the brands that got back to high levels of inventory first are doing the best and are driving the share recovery. And so we don't have a share forecast that -- we don't have 1 for the end of the year but we see good sequential recovery continuing, 400 basis points. So far, we see that continuing and we plan on exiting the year with very, very good momentum.
Stephen Powers: Okay. Maybe less from share perspective, just from what you're seeing in the category. Is the overall category ahead of where you expected it to be, such that, that gives you optimism in terms of where you might end up? Or just anything you can -- any further color and then I'll pass it on.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Steve, just from a category perspective, the category is doing very, very well. I talked about the affordability of cereal and that's -- and the versatility of it. That's clearly been a driver. If you look at just syndicated data on a year-to-date basis, year-to-date basis, the category is up almost 7%. In the quarter, it was up 9%. The last 4 weeks, it's up double digits. It's up like 15%, I think. And so you're seeing real strength in the category that is above what we expected.  And so obviously, we're playing catch-up already based on what happened with the fire and strike, and we're playing catch-up in a category that's accelerating. So it's really -- it's in a great place. It's better than we expected to be. And clearly, consumers are relying on cereal as their budgets are strapped.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: A couple of questions. One was on modeling. Amit, I thought I heard you say that gross margin dollars would be down year-over-year in third quarter. I think they're up in second quarter. So why would they take a step down in third? And then a follow-up on Morningstar. I thought I also saw an article about a possible labor strike or unionization at one of the plants. Is that at all related to the co-packer problems that you're having? And also, are there any ramifications for the plan to spin off as a stand-alone business?
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Rob. So I'll take the second question and then let Amit talk about the margins. So it had nothing to do with the labor negotiation that we're talking through right now, has nothing to do with the co-manufacturer. It has nothing to do with the spin or our strategic look at the business. It's entirely what happens often many times, there's a union that has been talking to our workers about a possible unionization effort at our owned Morningstar Farms plant. And obviously, we have a lot of unions in the United States, and we successfully negotiate and renegotiate contracts all the time. The outlier was the cereal strike last year, obviously well documented. We believe that despite having great relations with our unions, we still believe that the best way forward for this particular plant is to remain a nonunion plant and not have somebody in between us and them. It's been a very successful plant. Great wages at the plant, great benefits at the plant. But we'll continue talking and we'll see where we get to. Do you want to take the margin?
Amit Banati: Yes, I think from a gross margin standpoint, I think maybe I'll start with the full year and then we can get into the quarters. So I think in our last call, we had talked of a projection of a 100 basis point decline year-on-year in gross profit margin. I think sitting here today, we continue to see that range as being where we are from a full year standpoint.  I think in quarter 3, we will see incremental pressure year-on-year. And I think really what's changed is the supply chain bottlenecks, we are continuing to see that. And while it's improved in a couple of areas, broadly, I would say that we continue to see widespread bottlenecks and disruptions. Our previous assumption was that would diminish in quarter 3. I think now, our current planning assumption is that's going to diminish in quarter 4. So quarter 3 would continue to see incremental pressure year-on-year but it will moderate.  And I think our trend from a margin standpoint, the year-on-year decrease in quarter 3 will still continue a trend of sequential moderation in declines, just less than what we had previously expected. And then I think obviously, in quarter four, we start lapping the fire and strike. So we expect our margins -- gross margins to be up year-on-year in quarter four. And overall, for the year, still at that 100 basis point decline that we had talked in our last call.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So does that mean that gross profit dollars in third quarter, they could still be above year-ago levels even though the percentage is down?
Amit Banati: Yes, yes. And I think there's a little bit of ForEx impact in that so -- but yes.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: I just wanted to come back to the spin and maybe just see if you could touch on the dis-synergies and just give a sense of how much, as you're starting to plan it out, you're able to quantify those and what that looks like. And maybe related to that, for the margin upside you called out as like it was kind of the headline for North America cereal, certainly against current levels that are a little bit depressed, that would make sense. But over time, especially against historical sort of benchmarks with its own stand-alone company costs, how should we expect that to really move the needle?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So Michael, we're not prepared to talk in detail about models around the 3 different businesses going forward. Suffice it to say though, we are laser-focused on dis-synergies. We're laser-focused on setting up these businesses for success. We understand where businesses have suffered from dis-synergies. And we also understand where businesses have benefited from doing the work required to set these businesses up for success and having the right scale and having the right level of executional focus for the different things that they need to do. So when we're further on in the process, we'll be releasing a lot more information about exactly what the stand-alone businesses will look like on a go-forward basis.
Operator: The next question is from Cody Ross with UBS.
Cody Ross: Your snacks momentum across the globe is impressive. Can you update us on the progress of expanding some of your brands internationally and how consumers are responding so far? And ultimately, how much room for global expansion do you think there is?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So thanks, Cody. I think we've got a number of initiatives in place. We've got Cheez-It, which is now in Brazil and Canada and we're looking into Europe as well. We've got plans that we haven't talked about yet, but for some of our other brands like Rice Krispies Treats is an obvious one, and following in the Pringles path, which is obviously all around the world right now.  So we see great opportunity. It's one of the core elements of what we talk about in the Global Snacking business going forward. One of the big opportunities is global expansion of brands like Cheez-It and Pop-Tarts and Rice Krispies Treats. And so we don't have a lot of detail to share with you yet, but where we have it in Canada and Brazil, it has done very -- I'm talking about Cheez-It, has done exceptionally well ahead of our plan. And so it gives us good confidence that there is great potential there.  In many markets, you'll already find Pop-Tarts, for example, in many markets where it just -- it finds its way there and does very well. So as we build out those plans, it will be part of what [Technical Difficulty].
Amit Banati: So I'd say most of it was price. And I think without getting into the specifics of prospective pricing, like I said, we continue to plan for an inflationary environment and protect our margins in that environment through a whole suite of revenue growth management actions.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. And Cody, I would just add, always working on productivity as our first line of defense. But obviously, in an environment like this, productivity, it's very difficult to approach the type of inflationary levels we're seeing but always working with our retail partners as constructively, as collaboratively as we can to keep prices affordable and keep the consumer at the heart and soul of everything that we do.
Cody Ross: And just remind us, how much productivity typically are you planning for this year?
Amit Banati: It's in the -- it's -- normally, we'd operate at around 4% range, 3% to 4% range. But I mean, this year with the bottlenecks, it's probably a little lower than the -- than what's normal, but in that ballpark.
Operator: The next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: One quick question back on the pension. I think you mentioned that the negative revision to the other income was due predominantly to returns, with what's happened in fixed income and equity markets. When you went through and did the remeasurement, did you also address discount rates or is that something you're going to do at your end based on where we sit today? What do you expect impact to have?
Amit Banati: We did, Jason. So I think it's both. I think there are two impacts that come through, right? One is a low asset base creates a lower expected return on assets, right? So the rate on -- the expected return on assets is unchanged but it's just on a lower asset base, so that generates a lower pension income.  I think the other thing that we've done is we've updated the interest charge that flows through the P&L on your liabilities. So while your liabilities have gone down with a higher discount rate, the charge that you take for the year has gone up because of the higher interest cost. So we've done both, and both of those are reflected in our outlook.
Jason English: Got it. Good to hear. And I'm going to come back and probably bang my head into the wall with limited success on Michael's question around stranded cost because it's really top of mind amongst every investor we talk to. When you spun out Keebler, I think the stranded cost equated to something a little north of 10% of Keebler sales. Is there any reason to believe that, that's not a fair number to work with as we think about what Global Snack Co. could be saddled with as you spin out North America and Plant Co.?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think if you look at Keebler, right, in the end, and if you look at our '21 results and you look at where our overheads are, I think the teams and the organization did a terrific job working through the stranded costs. And so I think as you look back on our results, we worked those stranded costs through the system, and there was a lot of work to make that happen. So as we embark on this spin, I think we're very mindful of the challenge.  No question, our businesses are well integrated. And so as we -- and there are entanglements. But I think to the point that Steve was making, as we work on the separation, we are very mindful as well of stranded costs and program and having the necessary programs in place to address them over time.
John Renwick: Operator, I think we have time for just 1 more question.
Operator: And the question will come from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe: I just had a quick question, just to follow up on an earlier question from Cody. I believe it was on, does just -- and this is just based on the pricing you've announced so far. Does pricing accelerate in 3Q versus 2Q? Not asking for prospective pricing, just what you've announced so far.
Steven Cahillane: I wouldn't say it accelerates, Chris. It's quite high right now. And so I'd say you're going to see the same type of end market that you're seeing right now.
Amit Banati: And the only thing I'd add is we've had multiple rounds of pricing around the world. And so I think we've been reacting to what we are seeing on commodities and input costs. As Steve said, we've got productivity programs in place so we've been through multiple rounds.
Christopher Growe: I get it. And you're starting to lap -- this stuff started happened a year ago so I get there's a lot of year-over-year comparison factors. I just wanted to understand that a little better.  And then there was a comment on my -- just my last point or question would be on price elasticity in cereal in Europe. The comment you made, you're seeing, I think, in the continent. Is that getting back to like historical levels? Is that a rate that you would generally expect to kind of creep into the U.S. and other divisions based on your second half expectation for elasticity to pick back up? And I can leave it there.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Chris, I'd say in Continental Europe, it's not back to historical levels but it's gradually approaching that. And it's unique to the continent. It's not in the U.K., nowhere near that in the United States. And so Continental Europe has obviously always been a different market. It's seeing inflation. And it never sees inflation. It's used to deflation. So I'd say it's not a good indicator of what might happen around the world, but it is happening in the continent, in Continental Europe, but principally Germany, Italy and Spain.
John Renwick: And with that, we're going to -- we're at time. Steve, any last comments or thoughts?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. I would just say thanks again for your interest. Thanks for your time. We certainly appreciate it. We're proud of the work that was done this quarter, the momentum that we have. And I'll close it out by thanking all of our associates around the world who made this happen. We really appreciate all of their efforts and wish you a very good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference.
John Renwick: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our first quarter results and an update on our outlook for 2022. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO, and Amit Banati our Chief Financial Officer. Slide Number 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. This is of particular note during the current COVID 19 pandemic and supply disruptions when the length and severity of these issues and result in economic and business impacts are so difficult to predict. A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of kelloggcompany.com. As always when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on an currency neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. And now I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to be able to report another good quarter, delivering solid results even ahead of plan by sustaining growth momentum across our international businesses and our North America snacks brands realizing price and productivity amidst decades, high inflation and executing with agility. After all we are navigating through what I think you would all agree continues to be an extremely challenging operating environment. The situation in Ukraine only accelerated cost inflation and exacerbated the global economy's bottlenecks and shortages. It also prompted us to suspend all shipments and investments into Russia and to identify new sources for certain ingredients. Meanwhile, the team has done an excellent job of quickly restoring and ramping up production in our US cereal plants, following the fire end strike of last year's second half. Our inventory is gradually building toward normal levels as planned, enabling us to start replenishing retailer inventories earlier than expected in the first quarter. To be able to affirm our full year earnings guidance is a testament to our strategy, our brands and our people. Our deploy for growth strategy shown on Slide Number 5 is working. This strategy is still as appropriate and effective as ever, even as occasion shift and the operating environment evolves. We continue to emphasize occasions and build on our world-class brands. We continue to see the benefits of our reshaped portfolio and through extreme supply challenges, we continue to focus on service and in-store effectiveness. Behind all these growth boosters are capabilities that we have strengthened from data and analytics, to eCommerce, to revenue growth management, to a robust innovation pipeline. You're seeing the benefits of these capabilities in our actions and results. Simply put, the strategy is working. We remain equally focused on better days, our ESG strategy. Actions are louder than words. Slide Number 6 offers some examples of our ESG activities during the first quarter. They reflect continued action on various elements of ESG as we remain committed as ever to our values and doing what is right for the planet and for our communities. Sticking into our strategy and focusing on execution is resulting in sustained top line momentum as you can see on Slide Number 7. We had restored top line growth in 2019, experienced the pandemic-related acceleration in 2020, and yet sustained the strong growth in 2021 despite what we were lapping and in quarter one of this year, even with difficult comparisons, we continue to exceed our long-term target of 1% to 3% net sales growth with organic growth of more than 4%. I'll call out two key elements that are behind this momentum. The first is our reshaped portfolio. Our largest portfolio segment develop market snacks continued to generate strong growth led by world-class brands like Pringles, cheese it and others, and our emerging markets collectively sustained double-digit growth. So even in a quarter when one of our businesses North America cereal was notably soft, declining 10% year-on-year because of a lack of inventory, this was more than offset by momentum in the rest of our portfolio. And the second element is price realization. In an environment in which cost inflation is too high to cover with productivity alone, we have leveraged our enhanced revenue growth management capabilities to realize price effectively. We've been realizing price ever since cost inflation began to accelerate back in the second half of 2020 and we have accelerated as the market-driven cost inflation worsened. The result of all of this strategy, executional focus and sustained momentum is another quarter of delivering results and affirm full year outlook and increased cash to share owners as discussed on Slide number 8. We grew our net sales faster than we had anticipated, and we delivered more operating profit than we had projected. Our earnings per share and cash also came in ahead of our plan. This puts us in a good position. It allows us to affirm earnings guidance for the full year as an improved net sales outlook covers the impacts of accelerated cost inflation and supply disruptions, including Russia and Ukraine. It also enables us to increase the cash return to share owners, which we have done both in the form of accelerated share buybacks and an increased dividend. So with that introduction, let me now turn it over to Amit who will explain our results and outlook in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thanks, Steve and good morning, everyone. As Steve said, we're off to a good start to 2022. We'll start with a brief summary of a quarter one financial two results on Slide Number 10. Our net sales growth came on top of similarly good growth in the year earlier quarter and is tracking ahead of our previous full year guidance. As expected, operating profit declined against last year's double-digit gain, but it should be noted that the year on year decline was entirely related to the wraparound impact to the fire end strike we experienced in 2021. Earning per share also exceeded our expectations, reflecting the better operating profit and with unfavorability in other income offset by some discrete favorable items in our tax rate. Cash flow came in ahead of plan and significant that last year. Slide Number 11, lays out the components of net sales growth in quarter one. Volume was down year on year due to lapping a strong two-year CAGR of nearly 4%, but also due to lacking inventory in certain businesses going into this year, most notably in our North America cereal business. In fact, North America's cereal volume decline represented almost half of our total companies year-on-year volume decline in the quarter. We also saw price elasticity resuming in many markets just as we have been forecasting, although still running well below historical levels. Price mix grew nearly 10% year-over-year and acceleration from recent quarters as we continue to work to offset market-driven cost inflation. This price realization is predominantly priced as we continue to implement revenue growth management actions in all four regions with a much smaller contribution coming from our mix shift towards snacks. The result was organic basis net sales growth of over 4% year on year, another strong quarterly performance that continues to exceed our long-term target. This was better than focused principally because of less price elasticity than expected, but also because of sooner than anticipated replenishment of trade inventories in North America cereal, at least some of which could be considered timing related. Foreign currency translation clipped nearly two percentage points of net sales growth in the quarter with a US dollar strengthening year-on-year against virtually all of our major currencies. Slide Number 12 shows our gross profit in dollars, as anticipated, our gross profit declined year-on-year principally because of supply disruption. The good news is that productivity and revenue growth management continued to mostly cover the market-driven cost inflation despite the latter accelerating again in the quarter. This is what we can manage and we've done a good job of it. The single largest driver of our gross profit decline was a transitory impact of the fire and strike we experienced in the second half of last year. This impact reflects not only lost sales year on year, but significant costs as well. On top of this, are the economy-wide bottlenecks and shortages that are expected to persist at least through the first half. These two factors accounted for almost all of our year-on-year decline in gross profit dollars in quarter one and about half of the margin contraction. These are transitory factors and should diminish as the year progresses. The rest of the margin contraction was related to mix. As we've discussed, our only meaningful mix headwind is the shift towards emerging markets and particularly toward our EMEA region and its Nigerian distributor business. Multipro. In Quarter One, this mix shift towards EMEA was especially pronounced. As we've often stated, this mix shift does not bother us because our growth in emerging markets and in Multipro are not cannibalizing any of our higher margin developed markets businesses, which brings us to operating profit on Slide Number 13. Despite transitory supply disruptions, our operating profit remains on an upward trajectory owing primarily to higher net sales with our supply constraint in many of our businesses, most notably in North America, cereal our advertising and promotion investment was much lower than usual in quarter one. As we discussed last quarter, this A&P investment is expected to be restored gradually across the year in line with our recovering supply. The result of our lower gross profit was a year on year decline in operating profit, which was also up against a double-digit growth comparison. Importantly though, a quarter one operating profit was still higher than that of quarter one 2020 and quarter one 2019, sustaining an upward trajectory. Turning now to our below the line items on Slide Number 14; lower debt year-on-year translated into lower interest expense, though the run up in rates during quarter one will likely create year-on-year increases in the coming quarters. Other income was negatively affected by lower pension income as expected, but also by the impact of a declining bond market on a company-owned life insurance investments. Lower net pension income will continue through the year. Our effective tax rate benefited from a couple of relatively small discrete items in quarter one, our JV earnings and minority interests collectively improved year on year reflecting the consolidation of certain Africa JVs at midyear last year and average shares outstanding decreased year-on-year, mainly reflecting the repurchases we made in 2021. We were active on buybacks during the quarter, and this will have an impact on average shares outstanding in quarter two. Let's look at our cash flow and balance sheet on Slide Number 15. Cash flow came in strongly in quarter one on the strength of higher net earnings, continued management of co-working capital and some timing of accrues and capital investment. As you can see on the chart, we stock the year well ahead of where we typically are in quarter one, aside from the unusual pandemic year of 2020. In addition, our net debt remains lower year on year. Between strong cash flow and or deleveraged balance, we feel good about our financial flexibility. This financial flexibility has given us the ability to increase the cash we return to share owners. We recently announced another increase in our dividend and in quarter one, we repurchased some 300 million of our stock. Let's now turn to the rest of the year. Our primary planning assumptions are shown on Slide Number 16. We expect to deliver sustained momentum on the top line led by our strong snacking portfolio around the world. And geographically by our emerging markets. Price mix would continue to drive our net sales growth as we try to keep up with rising costs and as we continue to assume, some combination of decelerating at home demand growth and resume price elasticity. Our market-driven cost inflation has gotten higher worsened by the war in Ukraine, and it looks like it will persist longer than originally anticipated. This has been incorporated into our outlook. From a supply disruption standpoint, we are largely past the fire and strike impact, though we will still expect bottleneck and shortages to persist at least through the first half, with disruption related to the war in Ukraine, more weighted to the second half. Meanwhile, as we mentioned, we do plan to gradually restore overhead and brand building investment across our regions as the year progresses, be it behind capabilities or resumed commercial activity behind supply constraint brands. Slide Number 17 shows how these planning assumptions translate into updated full year guidance. We are raising our forecast for organic basis net sales growth to about 4% growth versus our previous estimate of about 3%. This reflects the momentum in our business and the fact that price mix is likely to come in higher than we previously planned as we seek to cover incremental cost inflation. This higher net sales should offset the incremental pressures of accelerated cost inflation and supply disruption. As a result, we continue to focus currency-neutral adjusted basis growth of 1% to 2% in operating profit. We also continue to forecast currency neutral adjusted basis growth of 1% to 2% in earnings per share with a further reduction in other income, partially offset by the fully year flow through of quarter one, discrete tax benefits. From a phasing standpoint, the only new news since last quarter is that we got off to a better than expected start in quarter one, but that our second half will now experience more cost inflation and disruption and cost related to supply. Finally, we continue to forecast cash flow of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. This is roughly in line with our reported basis net income growth with no changes to our disciplined approach to restructuring outlays, co-working capital and capital expenditure. So in summary, we got off to a good start in quarter one, delivering solid financial results in the face of massive headwinds, and even putting us ahead of plan. Our brands continue to perform well and we have been effective at offsetting market-driven cost inflation with productivity and revenue growth management. Our cash flow generation remains strong and our balance sheet remains strong. So we feel good about our financial position and the outlook. Let me now turn it back to Steve for a review of our regions.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks Amit. The first thing you'll note about our quarter one is the continuation of broad-based top-line growth. Slide Number 20 shows our organic net sales growth by region in the first quarter, along with the two-year CAGR they had to lap. We generated organic bases, net sales growth of 8% in Europe, 6% in Latin America and 17% in EMEA. These are exceptional growth rates. And in North America, where last year's fire and strike left us with low cereal inventory and therefore lost sales, our reported and organic net sales were still only down, less than 1%. In fact, if you exclude cereal, the rest of our North America business grew by 3% to 4% year on year, even against tough comparisons. In a moment, we'll walk you through the key category groups within each region. You'll see the continued exceptional growth of a relatively new growth leg for us and that's noodles in Africa. You'll see that cereal and frozen foods, the category groups that are the most at home in nature have therefore seen the most deceleration as consumer mobility has increased, but outside of North America with its supply disruption from the fire and strike, we do continue to grow in cereal internationally, but you'll also see that in all four regions, our biggest category group snacks, continue to grow strongly, even against tough two year comparisons. Slide Number 21 offers the world-class snacks brands we've been talking to you about, and they had another quarter of excellent consumption growth. Pringles continues to gain penetration and distribution in key markets around the world and continued its strong consumption in net sales growth in the first quarter. Cheez-It, already a powerhouse in the US is growing rapidly in Canada and is off to a strong start in its launch in Brazil. Pop-Tarts continues to grow in the US, but look at its growth rates in markets like the UK and Mexico as well. Rice Krispies Treats is enjoying explosive growth in several markets outside of the US as we put more focus and support behind that unique brand. Not only are these brands continuing to grow in North America, but this chart can give you a glimpse of their international potential. Aside from Pringles, these brands are in very early days of expansion, which is part of our strategy and their growth rates speak to their long-term potential. Let's now review each region in turn, starting with North America on Slide Number 22. North America's net sales declined slightly on an organic basis owing to the fire and strike related impact on cereal. Supply constraints, most notably low inventory heading into the quarter for cereal did pressure volume, but as we'll see in a moment, we did sustain good momentum elsewhere in the portfolio, especially in snacks. Price mix grew more than 7% year on year as we continue to implement revenue growth management actions. Operating profit declined year on year, not only because of lapping a mid-single digit two year CAGR, but also because of the bottlenecks and shortages that persist in the economy and the wraparound impacts from the fire and strike we experienced in the second half of 2021. Our snacks business in North America posted organic net sales growth of 5% in the quarter. As you can see on Slide Number 23, this sales growth lag consumption, which remained quite strong. Pringles generated consumption growth of more than 8% year-on-year lapping last year's double digit gain. This brand is in very good shape. We saw strong growth in our core four flavors in standard cans propelled by effective brand building, including our super bowl execution and we saw continued rapid growth in multi-packs and in a sign of resuming consumer mobility, we are seeing a rebound in immediate consumption offerings as well. Cheez-It also sustained its strong momentum growing consumption in the double digits with the new puff platform, proving to be incremental to both the snap platform and the core cracker line, but we didn't just gain share in crackers because of Cheez-It. We also outpaced the category with the club and townhouse brands, Pop-Tarts grew consumption in the double digits and so did Rice Krispies Treats with both brands sustaining excellent momentum through the strength of effective marketing programs and incremental innovation. And while we're at it, Nutri-Grain also grew consumption in the double digits and RX continues to reaccelerate its growth as consumers go back on the move. So our North America snacks business remains very strong. Let's turn now to North America cereal on Slide Number 24. Recall that 2022 is all about recovering from last year's fire and strike. As you know, we entered the quarter with very low finished goods inventory, which obviously hampered our net sales and consumption year on year. The good news is that our first order of business in quarter one was restoring production in the four affected plants, which our team achieved and ahead of schedule. With demand holding up well and retailers anxious to restore their inventories, we were able to ship out more product in the first quarter than we had anticipated. This certainly will help us improve consumption, going forward. Slide Number 25 offers a good way to gauge our progress on restoring supply. It measures our share against our total distribution points. You can see the sharp decline in last year's fourth quarter, as retailers ran through their inventory and we were unable to partnership it. As we ramped up production during the first quarter, you can see product returning to the shells in the form of recovering TDPs and therefore share. This reflects our improving supply and is a testament to the strength of our brands and relationships with our retail partners. This sequential improvement is what we to continue to realize as we get through the first half. In fact, this positive trend has continued quite clearly in April. This will put us right on track to gradually restore commercial plans brand by brand toward full recovery in the second half. Our frozen businesses in North America are depicted on Slide Number 26. Consumption growth remained strong with mid-single digit growth on top of a mid-single digit two-year CAGR. This is good performance given that we've been capacity constrained, especially on pancakes. The even better news is that we have incremental capacity coming online in the second quarter. In our plant-based business, Morningstar farms consumption was down against the mid-teens two year CAGR comparison and the category has paused on distribution gains and household penetration gains after surging the past couple of years. We've seen some share losses, competitors have entered and expanded offerings in our segments and in many cases competing intensely on price. So in total, North America got off to a good start in the first quarter with progress on supply recovery in cereal and in market momentum elsewhere in the portfolio. Closing out North America Slide Number 27 highlights some of the exciting innovations and commercial programs we have going into the marketplace. To remind you that even though we're in an unusual supply environment, we continue to delight consumers. On the innovation front, Cheez-It puff is off to an even faster start than Snaft [ph] the platform we launched a couple of years ago. Club Crisps is also new to the market, providing a light and fresh snack that's built on the strength of our Club Crackers line. For Pop Tarts we've launched new flavors like Snicker Doodle, expanded on a simple ingredient line called Pop Tarts Simply and brought back a fan favorite Frosted Grape. And in Frozen, beyond the lookout for Eggo's new Liege-Style Waffles for on the go consumption and some exciting new varieties of Morningstar farms, including a delicious pancake wrap sausage on a stick. From a marketing standpoint, Mission Tiger is roaring back, helping kids gain better access to use sports. These are just a few examples of why we are so confident that we can sustain our snacks momentum, recover cereal and reaccelerate Frozen. Now let's discuss Europe shown on Slide Number 28. Europe had another outstanding quarter growing net sales 8% and operating profit by 28%. Even as it lapsed strong year ago growth for both metrics. While volume was down against the tough comparisons, Europe's RGM efforts continued to generate price mix growth and productivity also helped to cover costs enabling increased A&P investment. On Slide Number 29, you can see that we experienced organic net sales growth in both snacks and cereal in the first quarter, despite what were very tough comparisons on a two-year basis. In snacks, the growth is underpinned by fantastic momentum in consumption for Pringles which gains share in markets like Germany, Italy and Spain and lagged the category's double-digit growth in the UK only because of tougher comparisons. We should also point out that in portable wholesome snacks, where categories are rebounding on a return to consumer mobility, our efforts to revitalize brands like Rice Crispy Squares and Pop Tarts are starting to pay off, with share gains in markets like the UK and Italy. In cereal, assumption is moderating across the region as consumer mobility and price elasticity resumes. While we have gained share in the UK and Germany, we have seated share in other markets in part because of lapping tougher comparisons. Nevertheless, some key supported brands continue to do well as shown on this slide. A quick word about the situation in Ukraine, Russia and Ukraine represent less than 1.5% of our total company net sales, and less than 10% of our sales in Europe. We have suspended shipments and investments into Russia, which will have a direct impact on our sales and profit in Europe this year. This is incorporated into our updated guidance. Overall though, Kellogg Europe is off to a very good start to 2022, and we feel good about the business. Now let's discuss Latin America, turning to Slide Number 30. Latin America too faced notably impressed of comparisons, particularly on a two-year CAGR basis and especially on operating profit. But this business got off to a good start with year-on-year net sales growth driven by price mix growth and operating profit that declined less than we had expected. Slide Number 31 shows that our Latin American net sales growth was led by snacks. Here too, Pringles is showing impressive momentum, outpatient in the category's double-digit growth in Mexico and Brazil. In portable wholesome snacks our consumption has rebounded faster than the category in our principle markets of Mexico and Puerto Rico and cereal category consumption growth remains robust across the region and we outpace the category in key markets, However, tough comparisons and regulatory hurdles in Mexico negatively impacted our cereal net sales in the quarter. Nonetheless, our Latin America business continues to perform well. Let's finish our business review with EMEA on Slide Number 32. Quarter one featured another exceptional performance by our fastest growing region. Despite lapping a strong two-year CAGR for volume EMEA continued to leverage RGM for exceptional price realization across the region, which helped it offset the margin impact of high costs. The result was double-digit growth in both net sales and operating profit versus the prior year. Slide Number 33 shows how EMEA net sales growth was generated across all three of our product category groups in the region. Noodles was once again the largest contributor to the growth, reflecting exceptional growth by Multipro in West Africa and our continued expansion of the Kelloggs Noodles brand in markets like Egypt and South Africa. Our strong snacks growth was led by Pringles, which sustained goods consumption growth, even as it entered the quarter with low inventories coming out of last year's COVID related production restrictions. In portable wholesome snacks, our double-digit growth was strong enough to gain share in Australia and in the rest of the region. In cereal, the overall region's category has decelerated to modest growth, but we have gained share led by Australia, Korea and South Africa. So to close out of prepared remarks, let me briefly summarize with Slide Number 35. We're off to a very good start to the year. We remain right on strategy as ever focused on dependable, balanced financial delivery. We are navigating well through unprecedented cost and supply challenges and through it all, we have sustained top line momentum, both in net sales and consumption growth. This reflects the strength of our reshaped portfolio, particularly our international markets and our North America snacks and frozen businesses. It also reflects what we have done on revenue growth management in order to help cover rising costs. Put it all together and we come at to quarter one ahead of plan, which is an important benefit as we look ahead to continued uncertain market conditions. We are affirming our guidance for the year and we are increasing the cash we return to share owners. As always, I can't thank enough the talented, resourceful and persevering Kellogg employees who have made performance and our bright prospects possible. And with that, we'll open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question is from Chris Growe from Stifel. Chris, your line is open.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Steve Cahillane: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Growe: I just had a question. Hi, good morning. I had a question for you if I could. Steve you'd mentioned about being able to rebuild inventory a little faster and I guess I want to ask first, is that a US comment? I presume it is versus a global comment. I think it's an area where you've had a little more of a shortage. And then just to get a sense of where you are in the recovery. You showed a chart with TPDs and kind of rebuilding distribution in cereal. But is it Q2 when that kind of starts to make a further pushup? I just want to get a sense of where you are in that process.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Chris. It is a U.S. comment. I mean inventories are down really across the globe, generally speaking, because of supply shortages, bottlenecks and the like. But the big issue for us is in the U.S. and predominantly in cereal because of the fire and strike. And so we're ahead of where we plan to be. So that's great. I give a real tip of the cap to our 4 cereal plants that came back to work, came back motivated and are building inventory ahead of plan. And we appreciate that and those efforts and the leadership in the plants and the plant workers. The second quarter, you'll see accelerated commercial activity. And really in the back half of the year is when we plan to be resuming full commercial activity against our cereal portfolio. So that's why we're encouraging looking at the sequential improvement. If you look at year-over-year performance and share in U.S. cereal, clearly still down, but that's based on low inventories and lack of commercial activity. But when you look at the sequential performance of the business, our goal is each and every week to continue to build our TDPs and each and every week to continue to accelerate our share momentum and get back to where we belong because the brands are still incredibly strong, relationships with retailers continues to be very, very strong, and we're working together to get this business back to where it belongs.
Chris Growe: Okay. And I had just a quick question for Amit on inflation. Can you give the rate of inflation -- if you did, I missed it, I'm sorry -- for the first quarter? And then how that fares versus the remainder of the year? And then to what degree you may be hedged on those input costs?
Amit Banati: Yes. So on inflation, I think we talked in our last call as well that we ended the year with an outlook of double-digit inflation. I think through the quarter, we saw that inflation accelerates. And I think when I look at the rest of the year, what's incorporated in our guidance is continued double-digit inflation. It's notched up by 2 to 3 points. So that's kind of what's been incorporated in our guidance. I think in hedge levels, we are almost at around 80% level of hedging. So that's where we sit. But it's important to note that this is just for traded commodities, which is about a quarter of all our costs. Yes. The only thing -- only other thing I'd add is that our outlook now for inflation goes into the second half. And so it's not moderating at the level that we thought it would.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Good news. I really got lots of questions left. So first, Amit or Steve, I forget who had said it, but I heard comments of price left to see returning in some markets. Can you elaborate which markets were you seeing heightened or return to more normalized type price sensitivity from consumers?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Jason. So I'll start, and Amit can add. We're seeing clearly elasticity still well below normal levels. So I think that's the important thing to note. But we are seeing -- when you look at 2-year CAGRs, we're starting to see the return of elasticities, which is not surprising given the level of pricing that's in the market. You're seeing it more in some of the at-home meal occasions. So cereal and frozen. We're seeing a little bit more snacking, less so. And we're incorporating that into our guidance. So we're planning on elasticities growing as pricing continues to be very elevated but still below what you would normally see prior to all these disruptions.
Amit Banati: Yes. The only other thing I'd add, Jason, is that the elasticity was better than what we had expected, and that's kind of one of the factors that drove the outperformance versus our plan in quarter 1. So far, it's been better than what we had expected.
Jason English: Yes. Got it. It seems pretty consistent over here in industry [indiscernible]. One more slightly more nuanced question. I think you know we've got these gross margin bridges where we try to tie gross margin every quarter. And for a very long time, there's been leakage there. It's either due to inefficiencies like a single-serve pack initiative. It's due to mix like the African business, maybe outpacing everything else. This is one of the few quarters where on our math, like, there really is no leakage. You're kind of back to whole. I can plug in the math, and the math works. I know you can take out another 100 to 200 basis points. And I guess my question is, are you aware of why? Like why might the flow-through be a little more cleaner? And are we at a point where we may not be facing the same degree of maybe mix or mix degradation or leakage going forward?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think, Jason, if you look at our quarter, right, quarter 1, our gross margins were down 280 basis points. I think the biggest driver of that was the impact -- was the wraparound impact of the fire and strike. So that, I would say, would be almost half of the of the gross margin decline in the quarter. We continue to see bottlenecks and shortages. So that continues to impact the gross margin. Our assumption is that it will continue through the first half of this year and then start moderating in the second half. So I think that's the -- that was the single biggest impact in the quarter. From a mix standpoint, again, the mix, we did see a mix impact just given the level of growth in EMEA, which grew 17% in the quarter. So that mix shift -- I would say that mix shift would continue as AMEA continues to grow faster, but it was more pronounced in quarter 1. And I think when you kind of look at the outlook for the year, what's in our guidance is an improving trend. I would expect gross margins to continue to decline in the coming quarters before bouncing back in quarter 4 when we lapped last year's fire and strike, but definitely an improving trend because the impact of the fire and strike is now behind us. And I think when you kind of look at the outlook for gross margin for the full year, I'd say sitting here today we'd probably say that it will be down around 1%.
Operator: The next call question is from Cody Ross from UBS.
Cody Ross: In the press release, you noted higher price/mix as the reason for the higher organic sales outlook for the year. Does that mean you're taking another round of price? And if so, which parts of your portfolio is that in? What's the magnitude? And when will that be affected?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Cody, thanks for the question. So we don't comment on prospective pricing. But I think when you look at what we've done, it's a good indication of what we'll plan for in the future. So we have -- in terms of our revenue, our net sales growth, it's virtually all price/mix, right? And that's due to obviously the incredible input cost inflation that we're seeing and the fact that productivity just simply can't cover this type of inflationary environment. We see that continuing. And so as we look forward, we're going to continue to look at productivity as the first line of defense, but we're going to be in a situation where it's not going to be enough, and we'll look at our whole revenue growth management toolkit in order to protect and preserve our margins going forward. And excuse me, that's around the world. So that's not just the United States phenomenon.
Cody Ross: Got it. And then you noted you were able to start replenishing retailer inventory levels in the U.S. cereal earlier than expected. However, your volume came in worse than we anticipated. Did it come in line with your expectations? And how much do you think inventory replenishment benefit North America?
Steve Cahillane: I wouldn't say it benefited North America. I mean the entire decline was in Rtech only. And if you -- like we said in the prepared remarks, if you were to remove U.S. cereal, the U.S. business was -- or the North American business was actually up 3% to 4%. And so it was slightly better than we anticipated, but we anticipated it being significantly down. But we're pleased that the inventory levels are starting to replenish, and we look at the back half of the year as really being when the Rtech business starts to get back on track. But if you look at the snacks business, for example, shipments actually lag consumption in that category.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Can I ask you to drill down a little bit more into Europe? With profits up, I think it was 28%, it just seems a little inconsistent with the commentary about Russia and Ukraine being a headwind and volumes being down. So why was it so good? And is it possible that the lower spending in Russia is actually helping more than hurting?
Steve Cahillane: No, Rob. I'd say a couple of things. First, the Russia-Ukraine impact will be a second half impact, right? So we didn't feel that effect in the first quarter, but we will feel that going forward, and that's why we incorporated that into our outlook. And the real story, to be honest with you, in the European businesses, this is 4 years on the trough that this business has been performing very, very well. It was a bit of an outsized performance, but they grew in snacks. They stabilized cereal. They grew in wholesome snacks. And when I say they grew in snacks, I mean, Pringles consumption growth has been exceptional behind gaming, messaging, soccer events, incremental innovations like Rice Fusion and Sizzlin' ]. And the team performed extremely well when it comes to revenue growth management as well. And spending was in line with what we anticipated. So it was just an excellent quarter driven by very, very good top line performance that flowed through to the bottom line. And like I said, this is 4 years now where our European business has been performing well. And I tell the team when I visit there that there's not too many businesses like ours that talk about Europe as a growth driver to their company, but it is for us, and we're very proud of the team's performance there.
Robert Moskow: And maybe I can have a follow-up for Amit. SG&A from a corporate standpoint was down $50 million year-over-year in the quarter. How do you think it's going to kind of lay out for the rest of the year? Is it still down in 2Q and then ramp up in the back half when U.S. cereal spending goes higher? And then also, I think you gave guidance for 2% to 3% FX headwind for the year last quarter. What is it now?
Amit Banati: All right. So I'll start with SG&A. I think it was planned. Quarter 1 was planned. We knew that we were low on inventory in U.S. cereal. And so I think we've adjusted our spending appropriately. And so that's kind of what's played through. I think, as I mentioned, as the year goes through, we will restore our levels of advertising and commercial activity once supply picks up. So that's very much the plan. And I think from a full year standpoint, I'd say flattish SG&A on -- is kind of our outlook, excluding currency. So that's the SG&A plan for the year. I think on -- in terms of currency, yes, I mean, based on where currencies are today, we'd probably be in that same 2% to 3% range. I think we saw about a 2% impact in quarter 1, but 2% to 3% is kind of the outlook.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: I just want to come back to Europe, following up a little bit on Rob's question. Anybody who just was on the [indiscernible] might be panicking over the European consumer. And that was a little bit more focused on the U.K. Your business, I think, may be spread out a little bit more. But you touched on how well it's doing there. We clearly see that in the numbers. Can you just maybe give us a sense of how much that's category difference? You're gaining some share. So clearly, it's a brand difference. But maybe also, just is there a watch out that it might be slowing down? Just broadly, they've been talking about the total grocery store sales being down mid to high single-digit percent in the U.K. You're up 12% there. How do we think about what's ahead? Can you keep this going? Or is there some slowdown we should be expecting? How do you think about the rest of the year?
Steve Cahillane: Well, the biggest impact to the rest of the year is, as we said, the Russia-Ukraine situation and the fact that we're not shipping into Russia. We have a Pringles business there that we've discontinued, and we're not shipping anything into Russia. But in terms of the consumer and the outlook, what I would tell you is the Rtech category, we have seen it decelerating, but the salty remains extremely strong. Our portable wholesome snacks business is really coming back as the consumer is coming back. So when we look at our categories, it's -- what you saw in the first quarter was exactly that. The Rtech slowing down, kind of flattish and salty being very strong and wholesome snacks being very strong. And inside those categories with our brands performing very well, highly differentiated, great innovations coming to market, we anticipate that continuing. And as I said to Rob, it's 4 years now that this business has reliably delivered on the top line and the bottom line. Clearly, it's a more challenging environment now. We're seeing inflation in Continental Europe. You haven't seen that in a long time. What was typically a deflationary environment has shifted. So clearly, that will have pressure on the consumer. But what we're seeing right now is, obviously, that's pervasive everywhere. And so it's not just at the grocery store. Just like in all parts of the country, it's wide ranging. And the fact that we are in the types of business that we're in is a good place to be in an environment like this. And when you have strong brands inside of that, it's an even better place to be. So we're very confident in the European performance continuing to be strong.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And I just want to follow up on Morningstar. You gave -- you touched on a little bit there with some pausing household penetration and distribution gains and some price competition. But how much is that decline would you say more driven by the consumer versus competition? Is there sort of a plateau in consumer interest? Is it really just more some of the competitive intensity? And maybe one clarification, too. With that Morningstar bar chart, it's under North America Frozen. Is it just a simplicity of the language where that also includes the refrigerated incognito? Or is that strictly speaking just the Frozen piece of that brand?
Steve Cahillane: No. I think -- I'll start there. That includes the incognito, which is a small portion of the total Morningstar Farms. In the broader question around what's happening in the category, I'd say, in effect, you can think about the pandemic having pulled forward trial penetration and buy rates. And you saw that in the first year because there was so much at-home consumption across the grocery store, and this was a new hot category. I think it jumped forward 2 years. You also saw irrational exuberance in the category and the entrant of many, many new players, which took a lot of shelf space, took a lot of trial, not always the highest quality offerings, to be honest with you. And we've seen this in many categories in the past that take off -- they have a shakeout period. And I think what you're seeing now is a bit of that hangover from the pull forward of all those various components. Morningstar Farms, that's why we're looking at the 2-year CAGR. It's still the original since 1975, a very, very strong consumer base. When we look at our brand equity scores, we know that it's still performing very, very well. And so we're bullish on the category and the brand. But I think what we're seeing is, again, just the pull forward from the pandemic and having to lap that rather exceptional year.
Operator: The next question is from Pamela Kaufman of Morgan Stanley.
Pamela Kaufman: I have a follow-up question to Rob's question on SG&A. Just wanted to see if you could give details on how much brand building was down in Q1. And was this just in cereal or other aspects of the portfolio? And then how should we think about your brand building investments increasing in the second half as cereal comes back to fuller inventory levels?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think it was predominantly North America cereal, and it was planned. And I think we knew that going into the year. We knew that going into the quarter. And I think the good news is production is ahead of plan. We are ramping up inventory. And so we'll be restoring commercial activity faster than planned. And I think the spending will follow that. And I think, as I mentioned earlier, from a full year standpoint, our outlook is, call it, flattish with our currency -- on a currency-neutral basis. So that -- on SG&A. So that's kind of the shape of how the spend will be through the course of the year.
Pamela Kaufman: Great. And it seems like you are making good progress on rebuilding cereal inventory, and it's coming in ahead of plan. When do you expect to see a recovery in North America cereal market share? And how do you think about balancing pricing growth on cereal with restoring market share and regaining TDPs?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So Pamela, what I'd say is, as I said in the prepared remarks, we're looking at sequential recovery, right? And we're not going to forecast market share when we're going to be at a certain point, but we're bound and determined to continue week after week, month after month to continue to build our TDPs, build our shelf presence, build our commercial activity, which includes displays and merchandising, so that we exit the year with great momentum close to where perhaps we were before all this occurred. And so that's essentially the way we're thinking about it. The second half has the return to commercial activity that looks much more similar to prestrike. And so that's how we're thinking about it. We're pleased about the progress to date, but we remain very aggressive in terms of making sure that we continue the progress that we've seen so far.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: I think there was some concern among investors, I guess, including me that your Africa business might have trouble later this year, maybe procuring all the weed it needs just given that Africa in general buys a lot from Eastern Europe. So I think you relayed a lot of those concerns today, great to hear, but I think there's still a desire to hear maybe a bit more about where your business in Africa, your noodle business in particular, right, procures most of its wheat, how locked in it is, and if there is any risk you see of just not being able to get product beyond just the inflationary factor.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Ken. So obviously, we're very pleased with the African performance in general, Multipro in particular. You're seeing their ability to take price is exceptional to cover rising input costs, currency and so forth. And we've mentioned many times, they've got they've got 4 decades of experience on the African continent. And their agility and ability to overcome obstacles continues to be very, very impressive. And the moat that we've built around that country in terms of our route to market with Multipro continues to be impressive. They're adding suppliers. They're adding points of distribution on a regular basis to continue to build that business. Now on the procurement front, there's clearly a lot of wheat that comes from Russia and Ukraine, and they've pivoted to all around the world to get supplies to replace that, and they've done that very effectively. And that's really across the world. And so they've got line of sight to good product production. They've got line of sight to meet our noodles forecasts for the remainder of the year and even into next year. And so I think it's down to execution. It's down to planning, and it's down to just the experience that they bring to bear in virtually everything that they do. Amit, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Operator: Our next question is from David Palmer of Evercore.
David Palmer: And just one more follow-up question on the amazing quarter you guys are having in Europe and the snacks. Just judging from one of your slides, it looks like you had mid-teens organic growth there, which was very impressive. You had -- I think it was 10 points of price there, which is also impressive. It's typically a market where it takes a while to get pricing in place. So there are some things that are just impressive versus the peers out there. But I'm wondering if there's other insights about maybe this being more of a mobility play on your snacks business there than what we would typically see from your snacks business here in the U.S. where a lot of the snacks were had more at home or at least some of the marketing was more around mobility and why that should be sustaining from here. And any sort of like timing benefits that might have happened for the first quarter?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, David. So there's really no timing benefits in the first quarter. As I said, it's just a very, very good quarter that Europe delivered. Part of the mobility and return to mobility definitely benefits our portable wholesome snacks. So that's kind of a new third leg that is performing now very well. Pringles, one of the magic of Pringles is it's a very differentiated brand. Its innovation performance in Europe has been very strong. And its brand messaging and communication has been very strong. And that's allowed us to do a couple of things over the course of the last, call it, 18 to 24 months. And that breaks some magic price points that had existed in the marketplace for some time. And so there's no ceiling on -- there's no artificial ceiling on Pringles in terms of, call it, a GBP1.99 in Europe. It's burst through that. And once you do that and prove to retailers and consumers that the brand is worth that, you start to see some continuing benefits. And so I'd say, breaking magic price points because of the investments in innovation and brand marketing, the return of wholesome snacks, the stabilization of cereal, it's just -- it's been a solidly delivered plan by Europe, and that's why we have confidence ex the Ukraine-Russia terrible situation that the underlying momentum continues.
David Palmer: No, that was outstanding. And I guess one follow-up to I think it was Pamela's question about the rebuilding of market share and points of distribution for cereal. I mean do you see any barriers or maybe if there's a friction point or 2 you'd call out that would -- that you have to address in getting back to those prestrike, prefire levels of 28%, 29% market share, for example, what would you call out there that you're trying to perhaps overcome as you're getting back to those levels?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So first, I'd start with saying we are not at all complacent about this, and we're not at all underestimating the challenge of rebuilding our business, but we do know a couple of things. The brands are very, very strong. So if you look at the brands that have returned to I wouldn't even say yet adequate levels of inventory, but better levels of inventory like Fruit Loops and Frosted Flakes, performing well, getting their shares back. And then brands like -- some other brands -- Rice Krispies is one where obviously was very impacted by the fire, not yet there because the inventories aren't close to where we need them to be. And so we do know that the brands are -- remain very strong. These are iconic brands that consumers love. They're important to our retail partners. And again, we don't take that for granted. But as we rebuild inventory and we put commercial activity behind these beloved brands and we get our TDPs back, then we're very confident we'll continue to improve the business and get it back to where it belongs. But again, we don't take that for granted. We've got work to do, but we know what that work is, we know how to do it, and we're doing it.
Operator: Our final question is from Alexia Howard from Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Can I just ask about the input cost inflation? You said double digits for the year and that have increased 2% to 3% since last quarter. Are we talking about level, high teens, low teens, low double digits? Just to give us an idea of where you sit versus everybody else. And given the length of the hedges, I know you can't give us exact numbers, but would it -- would we be directionally correct in thinking that the step-up in grain and oil inflation that happened as a result of Russia-Ukraine is really not likely to hit you until very late in 2022 and looking out into 2023? And I have a follow-up.
Amit Banati: Alexia, I think if you were to kind of look at specifics, it was in the teens. When we started, it was probably in the mid-teens. It's moved up 2 or 3 points from there. So that's kind of the level of inflation that we're looking at. And I think in terms of the hedges, again, it obviously covers a lot of commodities. And like I said, at an overall level, we are around 80%. We have a rolling program. And so I think we keep adding on a rolling basis. So as some of the Russia-Ukraine, is it already in, some of it is in, but it will continue to bleed through, right, as we continue to add hedges through the program. We have visibility into what our '23 outlook is. And so I think that's all going in to the planning as we look at our revenue growth management plans ahead of us.
Alexia Howard: Great. And just as a follow-up. I'm curious about the U.K. -- as a follow-up to Michael Lavery's question. How big is the U.K. to you guys at this point? And should we be worried about the change in regulations about labeling and product positioning in store for products that contain a fair amount of sugar? I know that there's a certain legal action with the U.K. government going on at the moment. I'm just curious about how you see that impacting your business later in the year.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Alexia. So it's about 5% of our business. And the HFSS, high fat sodium sugar content is what you're referring to. And we have -- we're building plans to overcome merchandising, restrictions and so forth for all of the brands that are affected. So we're very confident we'll be able to do that. We don't see any impact for the remainder of this year. And we remain constructively engaged despite -- despite the legal activity, we remain constructively engaged and hopeful that we'll be able to work something out with the U.K. government. But it's all incorporated in the guidance.
John Renwick: Okay. Operator, we are at 10:30. Thank you, everybody, for your interest. And if you do have follow-up calls, please do not hesitate to call us.
Operator: That concludes our conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everyone, and welcome to the Kellogg Company's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. My name is Daisy, and I'll be the operator for today's call. Please note, all lines have been placed on mute ahead of the call to avoid any background noise. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may now begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our fourth quarter and full year 2021 results as well as comments regarding our outlook for 2022. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer. Slide number 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. This is a particular note during the current COVID-19 pandemic and supply and labor disruptions, when the length and severity of these issues and resultant economic and business impacts are so difficult to predict. A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of kelloggcompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. And now I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I think we can all agree that 2021 was yet another unprecedented year. In addition to lapping an unusually strong 2020, we managed through an operating environment that was more challenging than any other that we can remember. The pandemic persisted, requiring a sustained focus on employee safety, giving back to our communities and working differently. Bottlenecks and shortages on everything from labor to materials to freight impeded supply across the global economy and created incremental costs and inefficiencies that were difficult to plan for. Finally, there was one more extreme challenge in 2021, the acceleration of cost inflation to levels the industry hadn't seen in a decade. Our particular situation was complicated further by a fire in one of our US cereal plants, followed by a labor strike across all four US cereal plants. The fire further strained our network and our ability to build inventory, which served to worsen the situation when we experienced the labor strike. We are pleased to have our team back to work. Strikes are painful for everyone, and not only did this strike affect our employees' lives. It also had a near-term financial impact on the company. It negatively impacted sales and profit in the fourth quarter of 2021, and it will have carryover cost impact in quarter one 2022. It will also have sales impacts through the second quarter as we continue to rebuild inventories. In the end, though, we did what we believe was right for the business over the long-term. Working through these challenges required extraordinary efforts by our employees who clearly rose to the occasion, from safety precautions and volunteerism to incredible agility and creativity by our supply chain to the actions we took to help mitigate the profit impact of high costs, including productivity initiatives and revenue growth management actions, we executed well. The result was delivery of the 2021 guidance we have been raising or reaffirming since early in the year, even despite the labor strike extending well beyond what we had incorporated into our latest guidance. So we're in good condition as we head into 2022. Our international regions continue to demonstrate very strong momentum, each growing ahead of their long-term targets and featuring strong in-market performance and responsible price realization. In North America, our snacks and frozen businesses are showing momentum with 2-year compound annual growth in consumption led by leading world-class brands. The capabilities we enhanced in recent years are paying off. Our data and analytics capabilities are making our marketing dollars go further. Our e-commerce capabilities are sustaining momentum in that emerging channel. Our innovation pipeline is as strong as ever. And you can see how our capabilities around revenue growth management have improved just by looking at the strength of our price/mix performance. Our cash flow remains strong, benefiting from discipline on restructuring outlays, prioritization of capital investment and strong management of core working capital. Along with a deleveraged balance sheet, this gives us financial flexibility, enabling us to increase the cash we return to share owners and keep our powder dry for potential M&A opportunities. We have some work to do. Economy-wide bottlenecks and shortages persist. And after our supply was further disrupted by the fire and strike, we are in the process of recovering production, inventory and service levels as well as commercial programs in that business. And as you'll hear in a moment, we are guiding toward another year of balanced growth even as we take a prudent planning stance toward the current operating environment. Importantly, we remain on our strategy, deploy for balanced growth, which is depicted on slide number 7. This strategy continues to keep us on our path for steady balanced financial delivery. It is designed to accommodate evolving industry conditions, and it is working. And equally importantly, we remain committed to our values as a company. We don't really strive to grow. We strive to grow the right way. Accordingly, we continue to make progress on better days, our ESG-oriented program. Just a few better days, highlights from quarter 4 are shared on slide number 8. As you can see, we remain active in this area, both behind the scenes with donations and sustainability work, but also leveraging some of this good work in our commercial activation. Let me now turn it over to Amit so he can take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide number 10 summarizes our full year results for 2021. As you can see, we met or exceeded our full year guidance on all 4 key metrics. Organic net sales growth came in at 3.5% ahead of our guidance range and equating to a 2-year CAGR of nearly 5%. Clearly, this is strong growth, and it reflects good momentum in the vast majority of our business. Currency-neutral adjusted basis operating profit declined by less than 2% within the guidance range we had last quarter. Importantly, we achieved this in spite of the labor strike that began in the fourth quarter, extending much longer than we had assumed. On a 2-year CAGR basis, excluding from 2019, the since divested businesses, this equates to nearly 4% growth, a very strong performance amidst the significant headwinds that Steve mentioned. Currency-neutral adjusted basis earnings per share increased by more than 1%, in line with the guidance we gave last quarter. And cash flow came in at $1.15 billion, in line with our guidance for $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. And outside of the pandemic lift at 2020, our highest level since 2014 despite having divested major businesses back in 2019. Slide number 11 offers a similar summary for the fourth quarter. As expected, Q4 was the quarter most affected by supply disruptions. Industry-wide bottlenecks and shortages were equally or more prevalent than they were in quarter three. And we also endured the labour strike, which ended up lasting almost the entire fourth quarter. These factors, along with lapping the year ago quarter's extra week, reduced year-on-year declines in currency-neutral adjusted basis, operating profit and earnings per share. Meanwhile, though organic basis net sales growth remained very strong led by sustained momentum in key businesses and brands, along with strong price realization around the world. So aside from transitory supply-related factors, the business remained in good shape through quarter four. Now let's examine these results in a little more detail. We'll start with net sales on slide number 12. As you can see, our organic net sales growth was more than 5% in the quarter and 3.5% for the full year, translating into two-year CAGRs of 4% and 5%, respectively. Volume for the year, of course, lapped last year's strong pandemic driven gains, particularly in the first half. In quarter four, it was also affected by supply disruptions, particularly in North America, where we also endured the labour strike in our cereal business. Price/mix growth for the year was more than 5%. This reflects the revenue growth management actions we took all year as we endeavour to cover rising cost inflation. This price/mix growth accelerated to nearly 9% in quarter four, giving you an idea of just how much our cost inflation has accelerated and just how well, we are executing revenue growth management. Also contributing to it is a relative lack of merchandising activity amidst supply disruptions. Outside of organic growth, we lapped 2020's once every six years 53rd week in quarter four. And foreign currency translation, which has been a tailwind in the first half, turned into a modest headwind in quarter four. Moving down the income statement, slide number 13 shows our gross profit performance. As we had anticipated, our gross profit declined year-on-year in quarter four. Our productivity and revenue growth management actions continued to substantially cover market driven cost inflation even as the latter continued to accelerate. However, there was significant incremental cost and disruption, stemming from the current operating environment. And then on top of that came the supply disruptions and costs related to the strike in our US cereal business. These could not be covered with productivity and pricing. For the full year, we delivered gross profit that was below 2020's unusually high level but still higher than the pre-pandemic 2019. This is a good performance given the decades high commodity and freight costs, the economy wide bottlenecks and shortages, and then the fire and strike. As we have said, in this high cost environment, we have to focus on both margins and dollar growth. On slide number 14, we see SG&A expense, which is comprised of advertising and promotion, R&D and overhead. Last year's quarter three and quarter four were unusual in that they included incremental A&P investment delayed from the first half because of the pandemic. They also included a sizable increase in incentive compensation accruals. But comparing this year's SG&A expense to 2019, both for fourth quarter and full year, we see it was lower. A&P in 2021 was down modestly versus 2020, owing to lapping a 53rd week and to restraining investment behind supply-constrained brands, but it remained higher than 2019, reflecting good sustained support. Overhead, meanwhile, was lower in 2021 than 2020, principally because of lapping high-incentive compensation, but it was also lower than 2019. This two-year decrease is related to reduced travel and meetings during the pandemic, as well as some benefits not likely to recur, but it also reflects the work we did to remove stranded costs after our divestiture. If you look at operating profit on slide number 15, you can see that our fourth quarter came in below that of 2019, as we saw no moderation of the economy-wide bottlenecks and shortages and we experienced incremental disruption and costs related to the labor strike. However, for the full year, our operating profit in 2021 finished above that of 2019, even though that year included seven months of profit from since divested businesses. So notwithstanding the severe transitory disruptions we experienced in quarter four and the lapping of an exceptional pandemic-driven 2020, there is no question that our operating profit remains on an upward path. Slide number 16 shows the operating profit of each of our regions. As you can see, the international regions had another strong year, posting growth on top of growth. The only region whose operating profit is below 2020 and 2019 is North America, where the bottlenecks and shortages were most acute and where we experienced the fire and strike. Moving down the P&L. Let's turn to slide number 17 and the items below operating profit. Interest expense decreased this year on lower debt and the lapping of last year's debt redemption costs in the fourth quarter. Other income decreased because of lower pension income. Effective tax rate came in at 22% rate we had guided to. JV earnings and minority interests were collectively less negative than last year, owing to this year's consolidation of our Africa joint ventures. Average shares outstanding were lower year-on-year due to buybacks we executed early in the year. Let's now discuss our cash flow and balance sheet shown on slide number 18. Cash flow finished in line with our guidance. As expected, we finished 2021 with a cash flow that was below last year's unusually high level, but well ahead of pre-pandemic years, which are the more relevant comparisons. Versus 2018 and 2019, this improvement in cash flow generation was driven by higher operating profit, reduced restructuring-related cash outlays, continued effective management of core working capital and a moderation in our capital expenditure as a percentage of net sales. Meanwhile, our balance sheet remains solid. We continue to reduce net debt, even despite this year's increase in cash returned to share owners in the form of resumed share buybacks and increased dividend. So our financial condition remains quite strong. Let's now turn to our guidance for 2022, starting with some key planning assumptions shown on slide number 19. We approach our 2022 plans with a prudent planning stance, given the current operating environment, including several assumptions that many of you likely have already considered in your models. Already high-cost inflation accelerates in 2022 to a double-digit rate, with first half inflation higher than the second half inflation. Continued productivity and revenue growth management actions continue, which have been successful so far in largely covering market-driven cost inflation. The current environment of bottlenecks and shortages persist, at least through the first half, before moderating across the second half. The US cereal fire and labor strike has a carryover impact through the first half, as we will discuss further in a moment. At-home demand growth continues to gradually decelerate, in part reflected by price elasticity gradually returning over the course of the year. In addition, reinvestment is restored behind capabilities and in a gradual progression on commercial activity behind supply-constrained brands. Aside from the around strike impact, none of this should be news. But in the first half, they do serve to offset what is good underlying momentum in our business, which will then be planar to see in the second half. With that as background, let's now discuss items for 2022, as shown on slide number 20. Organic basis net sales growth should be about 3%, driven by continued strong price/mix around the world. Our international regions have strong momentum, but lapped strong two-year volume growth, while North America faces the aforementioned supply constraints, which may impede shipments early in the year. Adjusted basis operating profit growth should be in the 1% to 2% range, excluding currency. As mentioned, we are planning around the assumption of an environment of high cost inflation and economy-wide bottlenecks and shortages, particularly in the first half, where we are also experiencing carryover impact from last year's strike and fire. In addition, we plan to gradually restore investment in A&P and overhead. Adjusted basis earnings per share growth should also be in the 1% to 2% range before currency. We expect other income to decline because of lower expected pension income and our effective tax rate is projected to move higher to about 22.5%. These should be partially offset by about a 1% decrease in average shares outstanding as we increased our repurchase activity this year. Not included in these forecasts is any attempt to guide for foreign currency translation, which is unpredictable. But if rates today were to prevail, they would represent a headwind of somewhere between 2% and 3%. Cash flow is expected to grow in line with reported basis operating profit and EPS growth, depending on where currency turns out to be, putting us in the $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion range and featuring continued discipline on restructuring outlays, core working capital, and capital expenditure. Our plan is to continue to drive balanced financial delivery, balance between timeline growth, profit growth, and cash flow growth, even amidst what is clearly a challenging business environment right now. There are some quarterly facing peculiarities shown on slide number 21 that you should keep in mind as you model 2022. Specifically, we should see an uneven first half versus second half. To begin with, profit comparisons are the toughest in the first half. Then on top of that, this year's first half has added pressures around higher input cost inflation, persisting bottlenecks and shortages, and the strike and fire impacts that we discussed earlier. These begin to clear up or moderate in the second half when you should see profit growth not only resume but get an additional year-on-year lift in quarter four from lapping the impact of the fire and the strike. And with that, let me turn it back to Steve for a review of our major businesses.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks Amit. I'll start with slide number 23, which shows the two-year compound annual growth rates and net sales across our four regions. Because of the outsized impact of COVID in 2020, this is really the best way to evaluate 2021's performance. And what you see is consistently good two-year growth across all regions in all quarters and the full year. There was notable strength in our three international regions driven by cereal, by snacks and by noodles and other. And North America fared reasonably well in the context of what were, by far, the most severe supply disruptions. Let's review each of our regions in turn, starting with North America on slide number 24. North America's 2021 performance has to be viewed in the context of its year ago comparisons and unusually severe supply constraints. First, remember what we were lapping, a pandemic-related surge in demand, particularly for our most at-home oriented categories, which are cereal, frozen from the griddle and veggie foods. This not only led to exceptionally strong organic net sales growth in 2020, but it also triggered exceptional plant utilization and operating leverage driving up profit that year. We also were lapping a once every six years extra week in our fiscal fourth quarter in 2020. Excluding that 53rd week and any impacts from divestitures or currency translation, North America's operating profit in 2020 grew nearly double digits. Then let's remember the unusual supply constraints we faced in 2021. We ended the year at full capacity utilization in cereal and key elements of our frozen from the griddle categories, with the pandemic delaying our ability to expand capacity as previously planned. We then experienced what all companies’ experienced and unprecedented disruption in global supply chains, which not only impeded shipments and slowed production, but also contributed to unexpected costs. And to make matters worse, we suffered the misfortune of a major fire at one of our cereal plants, followed by a labour strike at all four of our US cereal plants. So to finish 2021 with a 2% two-year CAGR in organic net sales growth and roughly 1% two-year CAGR on operating profit, excluding since divested businesses, is a good achievement. This reflects momentum sustained in key brands outside of cereal. It also reflects productivity and revenue growth management to offset the market-driven inflation in input costs, and it reflects remarkable execution amid unprecedented business conditions. Let's dig into each of the three major category groups within North America, starting with the largest, snacks, on slide number 25. Our North America snacks business finished 2021 with organic net sales growth of 7% year-on-year and 5% on a two-year CAGR basis. This represents a continuation of multiyear momentum for this business and reflects the strength of our brands. Two of these world-class brands are shown on slide number 26. Pringles closing in on $900 million in retail sales in the US had another strong year in 2021. Not only did it gain share year-on-year. But as you can see on the slide, its two-year CAGRs well outpaced the category all year long and even accelerated as the year progressed. The gains were driven by innovation like scorching, the expansion of pack formats like multi-packs and effective advertising from the Super Bowl on. And then there's Cheez-It, now well over $1 billion in US retail sales. This brand drove most of our share gains in crackers in 2021. As you can see, it continues to well outpace the category on a two-year CAGR basis as well driven by innovation like Snap'd, pack formats like Caddies and effective advertising, which drove the core business. But these aren't our only world-class snacking brands. Take a look at the continued momentum in Pop-Tarts and Rice Krispies Treats shown on slide number 27. Pop-Tarts, with over $800 million in US retail sales, continued its growth momentum in 2021, outpacing the portable wholesome snacks category on a 2-year CAGR in every quarter. Similarly, Rice Krispies Treats also sustained its momentum in 2021. These treats generate $350 million in retail sales. And not only did they gain share again in 2021. Their 2-year CAGRs continued to well outpace the portable wholesome snacks category. Like Pringles and Cheez-It, these are world-class differentiated brands that respond well to innovation and brand building. Turning to Slide number 28. Let's discuss our 2 North American frozen businesses. Lapping high single-digit growth in 2020, these businesses collectively sustain good momentum on a 2-year CAGR basis, even despite operating at/or near full capacity across much of their product lines. Even better, we have capacity coming online in the first half of 2022. Slide number 29 shows how these 2 world-class brands performed in market. With almost $900 million in US retail sales, Eggo sustained solid momentum growth on a 2-year CAGR basis in 2021, only slightly trailing the category as it operated at capacity. Morningstar Farms, our leading plant-based brand, generating nearly $400 million in US retail sales, and it finished the year outpacing the frozen veg/vegan category on a 2-year CAGR basis. So similar to snacks, our Frozen Foods brands continue to demonstrate very strong momentum. Let's round out our discussion of North America with cereal shown on Slide number 30. In addition to lapping 2020's pandemic-aided high single-digit growth, North America cereal faced the most challenging of supply conditions. Recall that we had already been delayed due to the pandemic in previously planned capacity expansions. Then just capacity came the economy-wide shortages and bottlenecks. In late July, we suffered a fire in our Memphis plant, which not only strained our network further, but impeded our ability to build inventory ahead of what would eventually be a strike at all 4 of our US cereal plans, spanning almost the entire fourth quarter. The result of not being able to ship enough product and the related reduction in commercial support for these products was a sharp year-on-year decline in net sales. This was mostly in the second half. In fact, through the first half, our 2-year CAGR for this business was roughly flat. Unfortunately, this has resulted in low inventories and even out of stocks in stores for many of our brands. And we, therefore, elected to pull back on commercial activity. Not only have we had to pull back on A&P investment. We've also had to dramatically reduce our in-store merchandising. The latter can be seen on Slide number 31, specifically using scanner data that chart captures the year-on-year changes in the percent of retail sales volume that was sold on any promotion. It shows how Kellogg was, like the rest of the category, returning to pre-pandemic levels of merchandising in 2021, but then it shows just how much we had to pull back in the fourth quarter, especially late in the quarter due to the strike. Let's talk briefly about how we are thinking about the post strike and fire recovery of this business shown on Slide number 32. As previously mentioned, the fire and strikes cost impacts spans across the fourth quarter of 2021 and quarter 1, 2022, owing to carryover of costs and lost operating leverage. In addition, there will be some missed net sales opportunities as we work to catch up on inventory, both ours and that of our customers. In the end, truly be back on a full commercial program, though we will get started as soon as we can in supporting priority brands and SKUs. This is incorporated into our guidance. Now let's turn to our international regions whose financial performance is shown on Slide number 33. Remember, these are not small businesses. These 3 regions collectively account for more than 40% of our net sales. And what they delivered in 2021 was nothing less than impressive, particularly given worldwide supply challenges. All three posted strong organic basis net sales growth in 2021, with both volume and price mix growing on top of what was strong growth last year. And on operating profit, all posted growth in the high single-digits or double-digits on a currency-neutral basis. Kellogg Europe's organic net sales growth is shown on Slide number 34. In 2021, we sustained strong growth momentum in a region of the world that is comprised predominantly of mature developed markets and an intensely competitive retailer environment. Yet we grew net sales organically for a fourth consecutive year in 2021 and growing both volume and price/mix. As you can see on Slide number 35, the growth was driven by strong in-market performance in both cereal and Pringles. In cereal, master brand advertising and selective innovation continued to drive consumption growth ahead of the category on a two-year CAGR basis in key markets. Pringles, meanwhile, also continues to outpace the category in key markets. The new Sizzl'n line has proven to be incremental, while strong execution of marketing programs, including this year's Euro Soccer Tournament, has continued to drive the base business. Similarly, we sustained multiyear momentum in Latin America, as indicated on Slide number 36. We grew volume in 2021 on top of last year's surge, and we increased our price/mix in order to help cover the double hit of high input costs and adverse transactional foreign currency impact. Slide number 37 shows how this organic net sales growth has been generated in both snacks and cereal using two-year CAGRs. Importantly, this growth was underpinned by good in-market performance. In cereal, our consumption growth on a two-year CAGR basis continues to outpace the category in key markets in 2021. Even on a one year basis, we realized share gains in key markets. Pringles, meanwhile, also gained share, notably in our biggest markets, Mexico and Brazil. We'll finish our review with our largest in terms of net sales, AMEA, which is shown on Slide number 38. This is yet another international region that built on multiyear track record for organic net sales growth. In 2021, Kellogg AMEA grew net sales on an organic basis for a seventh consecutive year. And it not only grew on top of 2020's strong growth, but it accelerated its growth to levels we haven't seen before. Growing both volume and price/mix, this 2021 performance reflected broad-based gains geographically and across category groups. You can see this in the two-year CAGR trends shown on Slide number 39. We continue to see strong organic growth in snacks, cereal and noodles. And in-market, our AMEA cereal consumption outpaced the region's overall category on a one-year and two-year CAGR basis, led by key markets ranging from Australia to India to Saudi Arabia. Pringles recorded similarly impressive consumption performance in 2021 in spite of supply disruptions related to the pandemic. Not only did its consumption outpaced the category on a one-year and two-year basis for the overall region, but it gained share in many of those same key markets. Allow me to wrap up with a brief summary on Slide number 41. What you have seen from us this year should give you confidence of what we can do going forward. Firstly, we executed well through what were extraordinarily challenging business conditions, overcoming obstacles to deliver on full year guidance that we had already raised earlier this year. We faced a rapid acceleration in market-driven input cost inflation, and you saw us substantially cover it with productivity and with very effective revenue growth management actions that enabled us to realize price early and sufficiently. We faced economy-wide bottlenecks and shortages, which created supply disruptions and incremental costs, yet we work through them to continue to service our customers around the world. We even faced the misfortune of a major fire in one of our US plants, followed by a labor strike in one of our businesses, and we worked through those interruptions as well. Secondly, it should be clear that we have strong business momentum. Our international businesses continued to deliver strong growth this year, even accelerating from strong growth last year. They grew in snacks, and they grew in cereal. In North America, our largest business, snacks, delivered outstanding growth and category share performance all year long. Brands like Pringles, Cheez-It, Pop-Tarts and Rice Krispies Treats have never been stronger. And in our Frozen Foods businesses, we continue to show growth momentum on a two-year CAGR basis. Eggo's growth was strong enough to run up against capacity limitations, which we are resolving. And Morningstar Farms plant-based foods growth came with increased household penetration. And finally, we entered the new year in good financial condition. Our cash flow remains strong, and we have de-levered our balance sheet, giving us good financial flexibility. The result of all this was yet another year of balanced financial delivery in 2021, which we expect to sustain reliably and dependently in 2022. And driving this dependable performance are the talent and determination of our world-class employees who deserve tremendous credit for working through unprecedented challenges and keeping Kellogg on this path of profitable growth. And with that, we'd be happy to take any questions that you might have.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] So, we will take our first question from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Ken, your line is open, please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi thanks and good morning everybody. Steve, you understandably highlighted the strength in North America snacks, which is doing phenomenally. I'm just curious, it did improve by 21% organically. That's a lot more than what's recently been posted and I'm sure a lot of it is just ongoing strength in the business. But I'm just curious if we can sort of parse out what drove the spike, I guess, in this particular Was it other factors? And then I'm also curious to what degree guidance maybe considers what could be a little bit of a reversal there, if that's true, just on the tougher comparison.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks Ken. I'd say the snacks business, there's not one thing that you would point to. It's really overall broad-based execution, innovation, new pack formats that's driving the underlying momentum of the business. It's across brands. It's Pringles. It's Cheez-It. It's Rice Krispies Treats. It's broadly across customers. Some of it is a return to on-the-go, clearly, which is benefiting. But it's broad-based. It's very good price/mix performance on top of that. The innovations that I already mentioned Scorchin', doing it extremely well. So, it's nice to see a number that's high double-digits for sure. And to your question around what's in guidance, we're not forecasting continued 20% growth, to be sure. And we'll have to lap that next year, but it's a great position to be in, strong brands, differentiated brands, good brand building against those. We kicked off the Pringles Super Bowl campaign on CBS prime time, will be on the big game again this year. So we expect to get off to a very strong start next year in our snacks business as well.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you for that. And then a quick follow-up. And Steve, I realized that crystal balls are cloudy right now, but when do you think, we should start expecting to see an inflection in scanner trends for US cereal? With the understanding that there's still a lot of challenges in the first quarter? But just trying to get a sense for when we could wake up one day and say, hey, you know what, cereals bottomed and it may not be growing yet, but it's certainly it's certainly -- the growth is at least accelerating off the bottom. Is that still a month, maybe 2 months away? Just wanted to get a rough idea of how you're seeing that.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So where we are right now, obviously, we had a strike that last -- almost the entirety of the fourth quarter. And so what you see there is the depletion of our inventory and our customers' inventory. That takes a little while to rebuild. The plants are fully back in business right now. We're delighted that our folks are back. But it's going to take the first quarter to build inventory. It's going to take into the second quarter to rebuild commercial activity. So think about it as 2 halves. The first half of the year, we'll see the continued pressure in US cereal. In the second half, you should see some nice growth in our US cereal business. And so that's really -- I would think about it as a tale of 2 halves. The first half is the reparations necessary, and the second half is the rebuilding of commercial activation, customer programs, commercial activity that will see getting back to growth.
Ken Goldman: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question is from David Palmer from Evercore. David, your line is open. Please go ahead. 
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. Steve, if you had adequate inventory and normalized advertising and promotion levels for cereal, how much higher do you think your organic revenue growth estimate would have been for 2022? Just trying to isolate how you're thinking about that as a drag?
Steve Cahillane: David, difficult question to answer. It's obviously a hypothetical, but you can see what's happened to our US cereal performance. We wouldn't have been down 24%, right? And so I think you'd look at it and say we'd be down or up in a plus 1, minus 1 type of range. We're going to lap that in the second half of next year, as I was just saying. We're going to rebuild in the first half and grow in the second half. But clearly, it affected our results in the fourth quarter without a doubt. And that's why we're so pleased to be able to post the type of performance despite -- again, the entirety of the fourth quarter, we had a labor strike. The rest of the portfolio stepped up in such a meaningful way to be able to deliver against our guidance despite this unexpected circumstance, I think, really shows two things. It shows the incredible strength of the portfolio and it's a reminder to all of us that when you hear Kellogg, you think cereal, right? But we're so much more than a cereal company. This business, US cereal, North American cereal is less than 20% of our business. And what you saw is the greater than 20% of the emerging markets business performing, the snacks business I was just talking about performing. All of our international business is performing very well to overcome what was -- could have been a debilitating strike but wasn't.
David Palmer: Yes. No, I think you had point taken. And I think, of course, this is going to be, God-willing, easy comparisons for 2023 for that business. I wanted to ask you on gross margins. Just looking back to 2019, is that -- what do you think is a normalized gross margin for this company after you get past some of these more acute COVID-related supply chain costs? The strike and fire impact ends and pricing catches up. Is 2019 levels at 33.5% to 34%, is that the type of level that this company should operate in longer term?
Amit Banati: Yes. Absolutely. I think longer term, that would -- we'd want to get back to the pre-pandemic levels of gross margin. I think you saw in quarter four, a further deterioration in our gross margin from quarter three. I think a lot of the factors of quarter three were still at play in quarter four in terms of commodity inflation, in terms of supply bottlenecks and shortages. And of course, the strike had a significant impact on our margins in quarter four. And so the deterioration between quarter three and quarter four was largely due to the strike. I think you're going to continue to see that persist in -- particularly in quarter one, but into quarter two as we rebuild inventory. There are carryover costs of the strike that will flow through into quarter one as well. And so I think from a 2022 standpoint, again, I think similar to what Steve mentioned on cereal, even on gross margins, it'll be kind of a tale of two halves. I think the first half, we continue to see the pressure that we saw in the second half of 2021. So you'll see a similar trend in 2022 first half. And then in the second half, we should see our margins start to improve, particularly in quarter four, as we lap the impact of the fire and the strike. I think where we'll end up for -- on 2022 overall, hard to predict. I think it'll depend a little bit on the supply chain environment. But once you go past 2022, I think from a strategic standpoint, we'd absolutely want to get back to pre-pandemic levels of margins. And that's the focus of all the teams around the world.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much. I guess, Steve and Amit, I'm trying to get a sense of how you see the balance between gross margin and SG&A sort of playing out for the year. I guess, more specifically, would you anticipate somewhat of a pullback on marketing spend really more just in light of sort of the current cereal supply challenges? I'm trying to get a better sense of, I guess, how much the company is planning on sort of needing to lean into SG&A to hit full year targets for this year given where gross margins could come in.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think, Andrew, like I said on gross margins, we'll see pressure in the first half. We'll see improvement in the second half. And again, there's obviously a little bit of variability depending on how the environment pans out. On SG&A, right now, our thinking -- our planning stance is a modest increase in SG&A for 2022. And so A&P, we'd expect it to be broadly flattish as the restoration of support behind the brands that were supply disrupted is gradual. So as we rebuild inventory, as we rebuild service, we will start rebuilding commercial activation in line with that. And so that played through in the first half. And then I think from an overhead standpoint, there will be a slight increase. I mean we are lapping an unusual 2021, where the pandemic basically persisted for the full year. And so we had reduced travel. We had reduced -- spend on meetings. There were a couple of one-time items. So, overhead versus that base is -- you'd expect a modest increase in overheads.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for that. And then just briefly, Steve, I seem to remember, I think it was the very beginning of 2020 pre-pandemic when Kellogg gave guidance for the coming year. It was along the lines of, obviously, snacking and international, the trend line there, even then was really very good. And it's obviously only gotten better since then. And the thinking was, hey, 2020 is going to be the year we've got to really invest in this developed markets cereal business to sort of get it to a more sort of stable to maybe slightly growing kind of pace sustainably. And that was the year Kellogg was in a kind of do what was needed to sort of make that happen. And then, of course, all bets were off given the pandemic came about. And then I realize near-term job number one is let's get product back into the hands of retailers and consumers. Let's get our shelf space back. But if we take sort of the strike and recent events sort of out, if we look back to where you thought that cereal business was then and what it needed. Once you're back up to speed on inventory and on the shelf, I guess, where would you say that business is in terms of sort of taking some of this recent stuff out of the picture? Is there still a necessary sort of level of investment beyond to sort of get it to the right place, or do we not know because so much has happened in the last two years that we really can't go back to what the sort of the commentary was then? If you get my question.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, I do get your question. I think we were on the road to really good recovery in cereal. And if you look at the underlying health of the big brands, you could see that. And even today, if you look at the brands that we've been able to restore, look at Froot Loops, for example, it's performing very well relative to the rest of the category. And we believe, as I said earlier, it's going to be a tale of two halves. But when we get to the second half, we feel good about our cereal and we feel good about our North American cereal's performance inside the portfolio. And as we've said, even before 2020, we don't need cereal to be a growth business. We needed it to be stable, and we're very confident that we will get it into stability. And if you think about the back half of the year we're in right now, you're going to see that. And that's in our guidance, and we're confident about that. And then when you think about even as far forward as into 2023 and the beginning of 2023, we're going to be lapping the first quarter of this year. So we see turning the corner at the half year as the beginning of a very, very robust, balanced growth for us, and we don't see cereal holding us back.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Steve your line is open, please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Hey thank you and good morning. Just building on that conversation a little bit further. It sounds like you think you can restore trade inventories by mid-year, but how long does it take so you can fully restore market shares, factoring in the need to perhaps earn back some shelf space that you've likely lost your entering calendar 2022? Is that achievable by the end of the calendar year, or is that -- does that also bleed into 2023 in terms of the market share restoration?
Steve Cahillane: We will see market share restoration -- it'll be different across brands, right? We're focusing first on our biggest brands. And then obviously, we have a number of portfolio that will be not as high a priority in terms of rebuilding inventory and commercial activity. So you'll see us -- you should see regaining market share in the second half of the year, as I said earlier, just as we regain momentum. Hard to give a market share forecast of where we'll be at certain points, but we are bound and determined to restore this business, restore our TDPs, restore all of our commercial activity. And again, in the second half of the year showed real momentum and exit the year with very strong momentum across the entirety of our portfolio, including our North American cereal business.
Steve Powers: Okay. Very good. Thank you, Steve. And then, Amit, if I could, just maybe a little bit more -- just diving into the nuts and bolts of the outlook. Just any perspective you have on coverage on current cost inflation, just visibility as you enter the year? Where you are in terms of price implementation relative to that inflation? Is there a need for more pricing? How are you thinking about that? And then if you could, just how that nets out. Obviously, the first half, second half commentary you gave clear intuitive sense. But can you help frame that a bit further maybe in terms of just rough estimation of the percentage of earnings you're expecting in the first half versus second half, just to give us order of magnitude? Thank you.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think in terms of inflation, I'll start there, it's continued to accelerate, and we've seen that through '21. So we are expecting double-digit inflation in 2022, and bulk of it is market-driven. So I think that's our planning stance. We're seeing inflation in ingredients and packaging, oil, corn, wheat, and on the packaging side, cans, carton. So we're seeing broad-based inflation across our ingredients. We're about 70% hedged on our exchange-traded commodities. So where we can hedge, we are at around a 70% hedged. So that's kind of typical of where we are at this time of the year. We will look to cover the gross margin impact of all the market-related pricing – inflation through our productivity initiatives, through our revenue growth management initiatives. I think from a supply chain bottleneck standpoint, I think we've talked a little bit of the carryover impact of the strike. So that's going to play out in quarter 1 and moderate into quarter 2. So that's going to impact the first half margins for sure. And then the environment itself, that's hard to predict, but I think what we've assumed is that it'll continue to be a challenging supply chain environment into the first half and then moderate into the second half. I think when you put all of those assumptions together, right, and kind of look at the first half, second half, it's -- obviously, the earnings would be second half weighted compared to the first half. And then I think from a lapse standpoint, obviously, quarter 4 will be our easiest lap when we start lapping the impact of the fire and the strike. So that's broadly the shape of the yield.
Steve Powers: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question is from Alexia Howard from Alliance Bernstein. Alexia, your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
Amit Banati: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Thank you. So a couple of questions. I noticed that the price/mix growth in AMEA is still incredibly high. I think it was 18% or so this quarter on top of, I think, 10% or so last year. The volumes are obviously down but not down too much, maybe down double-digits over a two-year period. I'm just wondering what's going on in the region. Is it cutting out very low-priced products to get that price/mix growth, so it's more of a mix effect, or is there something else happening there? And then I have a follow-up.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think, Alexia, the driver for that is really -- I mean we're seeing commodity inflation. We're seeing currency inflation. So I think a lot of that is driven by pricing. And if you look at markets, Multipro is a good example, where we've -- we're taking significant pricing, double-digit pricing, multiple rounds of that to cover the currency and the commodity. I'd say elasticity has been better than expected. So the elasticity has held up, and volumes have held up. What you're seeing in some of the volume declines is also the impact of supply constraints. I think that region, in particular, has been impacted by shortage of containers. We do ship a lot of product. Pringles is a good example. We manufacture that in Malaysia and ship it across the region. And certainly, the shortage of ocean containers has impacted our ability to supply. And likewise, I think there have been just restrictions, lockdown restrictions on some of our facilities that have impacted supply and service. So that's been a dynamic indeed from a volume standpoint. But overall, I'd say, over a two-year period, terrific price/mix performance by the region. And broadly, volumes have held up.
Alexia Howard: Very helpful. Thank you. And then a quick follow-up. I noticed on the Morningstar Farms graph that the category and the brand have slowed down fairly meaningfully in the fourth quarter. Could you describe, what's happening there and what that means for the incognito part of the brand?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Alexia, what I'd say is it's helpful to look at the whole category on a two-year basis as well because what we're seeing is obviously a huge influx of new distribution and new entrants, which drove outsized demand and outsized sales in certain areas. And there's a big difference between refrigerated and frozen as well. And what you're seeing is the refrigerated segment has decelerated on a two year CAGR basis and its because of all these, as I said, new entrants, new trial and so forth shaking out. In the frozen side of the business, we're still very pleased about the way Morningstar Farms is performing. And we see what's happening in refrigerated as a lot of shakeout. You typically see this in new categories with lots of new entrants, lots of trial, not always the highest quality items making their way on shelf. And so I think you'll see that shake out. And we do think that over time, refrigerated has an opportunity to be successful, but we're much more pleased about how we're doing in the frozen segment.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Michael, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you.
Steve Cahillane: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Lavery: Yes, good morning. You touched on some of the elasticities you're seeing now. And just curious if you could give a sense of what some of your planning assumptions are. Do you expect that they've been relatively good? Do you expect that to hold? What's in your forecast for how that plays out?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Michael. So what we've seen so far is much better than historical elasticity performance. So much more inelastic. We don't forecast for that to continue. Obviously, inflation continues to rage on. We are very pleased with the price/mix that we've seen, but we are forecasting a more return-to-normal elasticities as the year progresses. I don't know, Amit, if you want to
Amit Banati: No. I think -- yes.
Michael Lavery: That's really helpful. And just a quick follow-up. You mentioned in your -- early in your release and several times on the call that the balance and financial flexibility you have and dry powder. What are your priorities as you think about M&A, either geographically or by category? Is it as kind of higher priority as that sounds? Can you just give us some thoughts on how you're thinking about that?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Definitely, Michael. So we're very pleased with the strength of the balance sheet and the deleveraging that's happened over the course of the last couple of years, and it does give us opportunities and optionality. And I think if you look at our portfolio and what's working in the portfolio, you could see us -- that would be good hunting ground. So think snacking, think wellness, think emerging markets. And if we found an opportunity to add shareholder value, we would certainly take a good hard look at it. Always, though, being very disciplined on price.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Steve Cahillane: Operator, we might have time for one more question.
Operator: Of course, thank you. We will take our last question from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies. Rob, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Two quick questions. I guess just to touch on the bars category. Obviously, it's been pressured through the pandemic to some extent. I don't know, Steve, just kind of any quick thoughts in terms of potential growth recovery as mobility increases and kind of how you're thinking that -- thinking about that through '22. And I have been -- a quick follow-up.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Rob. So when you look at the bars category, you can see it is really highly correlated to occasions. And so I don't think this was your question, but if you look at Rice Krispies Treats, which are bars, doing incredibly well. You look at Nutri-Grain, doing very well. You look at RX, it's back to growth, but not the type of growth that we had seen in the past. And that's due to occasions. I mean I think I just saw something the other day where gym traffic is still down 40% from 2019 prepandemic. And that's a big occasion for RX, right? Throw a bunch of bars in the gym bag and off you go. So we're seeing growth, but I think a lot of higher growth will depend on those types of occasions returning. And we are seeing -- the trend line is positive. We're seeing mobility start to increase. Omicron obviously set it back, but now we're seeing it potentially recover. And we'll see what happens in the spring. It's hard -- somebody mentioned the cloudy crystal ball, certainly cloudy to understand what's going to happen in the spring. But as those occasions return, we think RX and our other portfolio is well placed.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. And then just on the organic sales growth guide, I know you don't always break out price/volume, but just wondering if there's any incremental clarity as to kind of -- for thinking should pricing that we saw in Q4, let's say, which was price/mix, at least kind of close to 9%. As we get through the year and then maybe factor in some increased promotional activity in the back half, should the market be expecting kind of a similar level of pricing, let's say, at least in the first half of the year, or were there some kind of one-offs in Q4 that might cause that to decelerate? That’s all. Thanks.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think most of our -- if not all of our net sales growth for 2022 would be driven by price/mix. So I think, as I mentioned, right, we're seeing double-digit inflation into 2022. And so I think we're working through plans, both productivity as well as revenue growth management, to counter that and to hold margins. So, you will see most of the sales being driven by price/mix. And RGM activity will continue to be a focus into 2022.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Thank you.
John Renwick: Operator, I think we've hit our time limit. Thanks, everybody, for your interest. And if you have any follow-up questions, please do not hesitate to give us a call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you everyone for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a lovely day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 21:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Kellogg Company Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our Third Quarter 2021 results, as well as an update regarding our outlook for the full-year 2021. I'm joined this morning by Steven Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO, and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer. Slide number 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings.  This is a particular note during the current COVID-19 pandemic, and supply and labor disruptions, when the length and severity of these issues and resultant economic and business impacts, are so difficult to predict. A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents, will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of kelloggCompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on Currency-neutral adjusted-basis for operating profit and earnings per share. And now I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John. And good morning, everyone. I hope you and your families are doing well. After all, we're still managing through a pandemic and still nowhere close to what any of us would call life as normal. This is certainly true from a business perspective as well. Therefore, we remain focused on keeping our employees safe and aiding our communities is more important than ever. We also continue to supply the world with food. But as we and all companies have discussed previously, this has gotten extremely challenging. Importantly, we remain on our strategy, deploy for balanced growth, which is depicted on Slide number 6.  This strategy continues to keep us on our path for steady, balanced financial returns for shareowners. We also continue to make progress on Better Days, our ESG-oriented program. A few Better Days highlights from quarter 3 are shared on Slide number 7. This remains a critical element of our strategy. A clear focus of management, and a part of the DNA of Kellogg Company. And we have not lost sight of this during the current pandemic and business environment. And there is no question that today's business environment is as challenging as we've ever seen it.  Our organization has risen to all of these challenges using creativity, skills, and work ethic to manage through them. Slide number 8, attempts to categorize these challenges into 3 basic buckets. First, we're all familiar with the surges and market prices for commodities, packaging, and freight, all the result of supply demand and balances that may take some time to work out. We're working hard to mitigate the margin impact s of these high costs.  From our active hedging program, which has given a strong visibility into our commodity costs, to mitigating cost pressures with productivity initiatives and revenue growth management actions. Second, by now, we're also all aware of the economy-wide bottlenecks and shortages, that are not only pushing costs higher, but are also making it very difficult to supply the market. Here's where our supply chains-controlled power approach has provided us agility and addressing shortages, and gaps, and materials, equipment, and land and ocean freight.  We've also taken actions to reduce complexity in our portfolio and operations. And 3rd, we are seeing acute shortages in labor across all spectrum of the economy. This is resulting in absenteeism, high turnover, difficulty in attaining temporary labor, and for some of us, even labor strikes. To address this, we've had to recruit continuously, and we've executed contingency plans to sustain as much supply as possible in the face of open positions and work stoppages. Simply put, we are taking important actions to manage through today's unprecedented environment. And through it all, we're executing well in market and delivering balanced financial growth, which continued in quarter 3 and as discussed on Slide number 9. Consumption growth remains elevated, as measured on a 2-year compound annual growth basis, even if it continues to decelerate as expected. We're seeing particularly strong consumption growth and share performance, in many of our biggest world-class brands.  We continue to sustain strong momentum in our emerging markets. This momentum has been evident for the past few years, and reflects our improved geographic footprint, the strength of our portfolio, our efforts to broaden our offerings into affordable price points, and our local route-to-market and supply chains. From a financial standpoint, these factors led to continued balanced growth. Strong organic net sales growth.  Strong operating profit growth. Strong earnings per share growth. And cash flow that remains well above pre -COVID 2019 levels. So, in spite of all the operating challenges, we continue to deliver. and today we are even raising our full-year guidance for net sales to reflect momentum in the business. At the same time, we're also reaffirming our guidance for operating profit, earnings per share and cash flow despite a worsened cost and labor and supply environment. I'm sure you can appreciate that even holding guidance amidst these kinds of challenges speaks to the kind of dependability we strive for, regardless of business conditions. Let me now turn it over to Amit so we can take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thanks, Steve, and good morning everyone. Our financial results for the third quarter, are summarized on Slide number 11. As you can see, we delivered strong organic basis, net sales growth of 5% in quarter 3, on top of similar growth in the year earlier period. This came in better than anticipated due to exceptional growth in Europe and EMEA. Currency-neutral adjusted basis operating profit, increased by 11% year-on-year. This was driven by the strong top-line growth, as well as lapping a year-ago quarter, in which incremental brand-building investment had been shifted, from earlier quarters.  Currency-neutral adjusted-basis earnings per share increased by 18%. A strong operating profit growth was augmented by a decrease in average shares outstanding. And cash flow, while still below last year's unusual pandemic related search, remained well above the pre -pandemic 2019 level. In total, a very strong financial performance. Let's examine these results in a little more detail. We'll start with net sales on slide number 12. As you can see, the net sales growth in quarter 3 was driven by both volume and price mix. The 1% plus organic volume growth was driven by our international regions, most notably Europe and EMEA, where our Nigeria business had an exceptional quarter. This volume growth comes despite supply pressures, and lapping good year-ago growth.  Our 4% organic basis price mix, remains solidly positive in all 4 regions. The result of revenue growth management actions that we have been implementing, since the second half of last year, when input costs inflation began to accelerate. Finally, foreign currency translation was modestly favorable to net sales in quarter 3, decelerating from the first half as expected. So, through the first 9 months, you can see that on an organic basis, our net sales were up 3%, despite lapping the pandemic related surge, and they are up 5%, on our 2-year compound annual growth basis.  Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect sustained price mix growth, based on the revenue growth management actions we've taken. Though we are a bit more cautious on volume, given the current labor negotiations, and a prudent view towards decelerating at-home demand, and emerging markets growth. Moving down the Income statement, Slide number 13 shows our gross profit performance. As we had anticipated, both our gross profit and gross profit margin, declined year-on-year in quarter 3, as we lapped last year's strong operating leverage, and as we faced this year’s unusually high-cost pressures.  While our productivity and revenue growth management actions continue to cobble, market-driven cost inflation there was significant incremental costs and disruption stemming from the current operating environment that came on top of that. Our gross profit margin was further weighed down by disruption and costs related to fire and one-off our plans and are more pronounced than usual mix shift towards the emerging markets. Most notably, our distributor business in Nigeria. Importantly though, while our gross profit percent margin decreased to below the level of pre -pandemic Q3 2019, our gross profit dollars remained higher than that period.  And if you look at the right-hand side of the slide, you can see that our gross profit dollars are up through the first 9 months of this year, both on a year-on-year [Indiscernible] on a 2-year basis In this high-cost environment, we have to focus on both margins and dollar growth. On Slide number 14, we see a driver of year-on-year profit change, that is really more of a phasing dynamic. SG&A expense is comprised of advertising and promotion, R&D, and ROI. Last year's quarter 3 was unusual, in that it included incremental A&P investment, delayed from the first half because of the pandemic. It also included a sizable increase in incentive compensation accruals.  But comparing SG&A to the third quarter of 2019, we see it was lower both on a percentage margin and dollar basis. This two-year decrease is related to both the work we did to remove stranded costs after our divestiture, but also to our decision detail to pull back on investment behind specific supply constrained brands. You can also see that through the first 9 months, our SG&A dollars are roughly flat with the same period of 2019. And that's probably how we'll finish the sale. If we look at operating profit in the same way, on slide number 15, we find that in dollars, our operating profit in this year's quarter 3 was not only higher than it was in last year's quarter 3, but also higher than what it was in quarter 3, 2019.  Again, this focus on dollar profit is important as we manage through this challenging environment. Now, we do think that quarter 4 will be a little different. Contrary to our prior assumptions, we are seeing no moderation of the economy-wide bottlenecks and shortages deal in the 4th quarter. In fact, we're now experiencing incremental disruption and costs further compounded by a labor strike. So, for quarter 4, we are forecasting gross profit dollars and operating profit dollars, to be below quarter 4 of 2019, even if both metrics finish the full-year above 2019 levels. Moving down the P&L, let's turn to Slide number 16. While operating profit drove most of our growth in earnings per share in quarter 3, we also benefited from modest net favorability in below the line items.  In quarter 3, interest expense decreased on lower debt, which will continue to be a year-on-year driver in quarter 4. With quarter 4 comparison also lapping, the 20 million debt redemption costs we recorded last year. This decrease in interest expense was more than offset by a decline in other income, which compared against an unusually high-level last year. We expect quarter 4s other income to be similar to that of quarter 3.  Our effective tax rate in quarter 3, came in lower than last year. We believe quarter 4s rate, will come in higher than the 22% rate we're now forecasting for the full-year. JV earnings and minority interest together were favorable to last year, though that mostly reflects the consolidation of a couple of our smaller investment phase joint ventures, invest Africa into operating profit. An average shares outstanding decrease year-on-year, reflecting the impact of quarter ones buybacks. We still expect full-year average shares outstanding to be around 0.5% lower than 2020. Outside of the currency-neutral EPS that we manage and guide to, we did experience continued year-on-year favorability, though modest, from foreign currency translation. Based on where exchange rates are today and what we're lapping, there will be little to no benefit from foreign currency translation in quarter 4.  Let's now discuss our cash flow and Balance Sheet shown on Slide number 17. Year-to-date, our cash flow remains below last year's unusually high level as expected. Mostly as we lapped last year's timing-related increases in various accruals during the height of the pandemic. The more relevant comparisons therefore, are the year-to-date periods of 2019 and 2018. As you can see from the slide, the sale cash flow continues to track well above those pre -COVID time periods.  This is driven by our operating profit, as well as reduced restructuring outlays and continued effective management of co-working capital. Meanwhile, our balance sheet remains solid. Net debt remains roughly even with last year, and lower than each of the prior two years. Even despite this year increase in cash return to share-owners in the form of resume share buybacks, and increased dividend. So, our financial condition remains quite strong. Slide number 18 shows where our results stand after the first 9 months of 2021. Obviously, we've had a good year so far producing strong and balanced financial results on a two-year basis, and staying ahead of our own internal focus.  This year-to-date performance is all the more impressive when you consider just how challenging the business environment has been. Let's now turn to our updated guidance for the full-year 2021 as shown on slide number 19. Given the better-than-expected momentum we are seeing in our international regions, we are raising our guidance organic net sales growth to a rate of 2% to 3%. This is a solid performance, particularly given the comparisons against last year's pandemic related search.  At the same time, we are reaffirming our guidance for currency-neutral adjusted basis, operating profit, and earnings per share, as well as for cash flow. While net sales are coming in higher than previously expected, we are incorporating costs and disruptions, related to the current supply, and labor conditions. In fact, given this current environment, we will likely land towards the lower end of the guidance ranges for these metrics. Our guidance assumes a reasonable conclusion, to the current labor stoppage at our U.S. cereal plants.  However, as you can appreciate, there is always uncertainty regarding labor negotiations. In the meantime, we will continue to execute our contingency plans to mitigate disruption. Overall, despite an incredibly challenging operating environment, we remain in strong financial condition and our full-year results are expected to sustain balanced financial delivery on a 2-year basis. And with that, let me turn it back to Steve for a review of our major businesses.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. I'll start by emphasizing the broad-based nature of our sales growth. Slide number 21 shows the 2-year compound annual growth rates in net sales across our 4 regions. It's in North America where we've had the most supply disruption and most significantly in cereal. This has restrained our overall growth in quarter 2 and quarter 3 this year. But as we'll see in a minute, our snacks continued to grow nicely year-on-year. And frozen breakfast and plant-based foods have continued to post good growth on a 2-year CAGR basis. Europe sustained impressive growth in quarter 3.  Pringles has driven exceptional growth for us in snacks, and cereal sales have remained strong there as well. In our Latin America and EMEA regions, we are clearly demonstrating exceptional momentum, collectively sustaining double-digit growth on a 2-year and 1-year basis in the third quarter. In fact, if you turn to slide number 22, you can see that this emerging markets growth is anything but new. Collectively, our emerging markets had already been growing consistently at or above our long-term target of mid-single-digit growth for these businesses. This year we've seen double-digit growth.  Elasticity to our cost-related price increases have run lower than historical levels. We have continued to expand Pringles across these markets, with especially strong growth in Russia and Brazil. We have also continued to grow cereal across our emerging markets, with particular strength this year in Asia. Our growth in Africa this year has been nothing short of spectacular, driven by noodles, cereal and snacks. Equally important to our long-term prospects, is the health of our big world-class brands.  In Q3, their momentum was sustained as much in developed markets, as an emerging markets. Slide 23 shows the two-year categories for consumption growth for Pringles in the U.S. This brand continued to gain share in the third quarter, propelled by incremental innovation, effective brand-building campaigns, and strength in multipacks. In slide number 24 shows that Pringles momentum is truly global. Similar to the U.S., the brand's strong growth and share performance is being driven by incremental innovation like Sizzl'n Platform in Europe, or local flavors like seaweed in Asia, and by various active brand-building, particularly its 360-degree campaigns around soccer and electronic gaming.  On top of that, it continues to gain distribution, particularly in emerging markets. So, this $2 billion global retail sales brand continues to perform well. Let's check-in on another world-class brands, Cheez-It shown on slide number 25. In the U.S. this brand continued to grow consumption and gain share in the third quarter, sparked by strong brand-building activity and growth in multi-packs. Meantime, it continues to gain distribution and share in its newly launched markets, Canada and Brazil.  This is a billion-dollar plus brand that continues its long track record of consistent growth. Pop-Tarts is another world-class brand that is performing well. It's 2-year growth has well outpaced the portable Wholesome Snacks category, as shown on Slide number 26. Another big brand with over $750 million sales at retail in the U.S. alone, it's showing good momentum. To give you an idea of how relevant this brand is, our latest ad has generated nearly 40 million views on YouTube. Our what-would-Pop-Tarts-do hashtag has shown up 5.7 billion times in TikTok, and the brand has enjoyed more than 2 billion earned impressions this year.  Big growth has continued for us on Rice Krispies Treats shown on slide number 27. This brand even accelerated its consumption growth and share gains during the third quarter, aided by effective brand-building and the success of innovation like Homestyle Treats. This brand generates close to $350 million in retail sales in the U.S. and it continues to grow. In cereal, the performance of key brands in the U.S. has been impacted by supply complications in North America, but internationally, we're seeing good growth. On slide number 28, our two world-class brands in Europe are worth highlighting. Tresor, also known as Krave in some markets, is a taste segment brand that has become the number 1 cereal brand in Europe, and has dramatically outpaced the category this year in key markets like France and Germany. Extra meanwhile is geared more towards adults, and it too has strongly outpaced the category this year in markets like Italy and Spain. Over in the frozen aisle, Eggo is clearly a world-class brand, and it is performing well.  Slide number 29 shows that it is sustaining solid mid-single-digit consumption growth in spite of capacity constraints. Yet another big brand with close to $900 million in retail sales in the U.S. continuing to grow. MorningStar Farms are leading plant-based proteins brand is shown on Slide number 30. This is another world-class brand and is sustaining strong consumption growth even as the category decelerates as expected, and even as we run up against capacity limits in some of our product segments.  This is a $400 million retail sales brand with momentum and strong prospects. In fact, as you've seen, the fundamentals momentum and growth prospects for many of our biggest world-class brands remains solid. Now let's review each of our regions, starting with North America in Slide number 31. Net sales were flat year-on-year in the third quarter, with underlying consumption growth well exceeding our shipments due to supply constraints. Many of these constraints were economy-wide, including shortages of materials, labor, and freight.  But we had some internal challenges as well. As you know we entered this year tight on capacity for growing food formats in cereal frozen from the [Indiscernible] and plant-based protein as well as certain pack formats and snacks. Add to that, the fire that interrupted production at one of our cereal plants. And you can appreciate just how constrained we have been. The good news is that we remain in growth on a 2-year CAGR basis, and that our revenue growth management actions are resulting in good price mix growth.  This price realization, along with good execution of productivity programs, is crucial for mitigating the margin pressures of high-cost inflation and incremental costs and inefficiencies related to the broader bottlenecks and shortages in the economy. Slide number 32 breaks our North America in net sales growth in the category groups. You can see the good momentum we've seen in snacks and frozen, despite these supply constraints and the fact that away from home sales remained lower on a two-year basis.  Cereal net sales have been flattish on a two-year category basis in the first half, roughly in line with the U.S. category's performance. In quarter 3 however it faced the worst of its supply challenges and is now down about 1% year-to-date on a two-year category basis. Importantly, our underlying consumption trends remained solid across most of the portfolio, as shown on slide number 33. In all 3 of our snacks categories, we saw an acceleration in two-year categories in quarter three. Continuing to well outpace their individual categories.  In the frozen, from the griddle category, we also saw accelerated 2-year growth during the third quarter, and in frozen veggie vegan, even as the category decelerates as expected, our growth remains strong. Even in cereal, which is a category has been flat on a two-year basis this year, we are holding consumption relatively flat despite all the supply challenges we've been facing. And before we move on from our discussion of North America, we should touch on our U.S. away-from-home business in slide number 34.  The slide shows rolling two-year average growth rates in our net sales over the past few quarters in these channels. As restrictions eased and consumer mobility increased, we saw year-on-year growth starting in quarter 2 and continuing in quarter 3. Our sales remained below 2019 levels, but you could see that a gradual recovery continues. The recovery has been a little quicker in channels like convenience stores and schools, and much lower in channels like vending and in travel and lodging.  There is no question that our North America region is facing the toughest of the global supply challenges, and the team has risen to the occasion. We are presently working to restore full production at our fire damaged cereal plants, while negotiating with the union regarding its strike against all of our U.S. cereal plants. Indeed, North America faces even tougher quarter, in the quarter 4. Nonetheless, we're executing well in market and our brands are in great shape. Now let's turn to our international regions and Slide number 35.  You can see that in each of these 3 regions, we are sustaining strong momentum, both in the form of year-on-year growth and on a 2-year CAGR basis, which eliminates the impact of comparing against last year's surge, especially in Latin America. Let's look at each of these regions a little more closely. Slide number 36 shows the results of Kellogg Europe. Europe streak of quarterly organic net sales growth continued impressive fashion in the third quarter.  Driven by both volume and price mix, this growth was led by Russia and the UK, but broad-based across the region. Double-digit growth in snacks was driven not only by Pringles sustaining its momentum, but also by a rebound in portable wholesome snacks. Cereal sales grew on top of last year's growth, and we are particularly pleased with the magnitude of our share gains in the UK. As we look to the fourth quarter, we lapped a particularly strong organic net sales growth performance, and on operating profit, we are managing through high costs and supply challenges, as well as lapping a 53rd week. Nevertheless, we expect to sustain our end-market momentum in cereal and snacks, and Europe is on track for another strong year. Now let's talk about Latin America in Slide number 37. The year-ago quarter included out-sized gains in sales and profit.  So, comparisons are masking a solid performance for us in the third quarter. Organic net sales continued to grow year-on-year, despite the comparisons with notable strength on a two-year CAGR basis. The growth was broad-based and supported by strong in-market performance in cereal, led by Mexico, as well as by Pringles across key markets. We saw particular strength in Brazil, where Pringles is showing outstanding momentum.  Despite decelerating at-home demand trends and extremely high-cost inflation, we expect Latin America to continue to grow in quarter 4, completing what has been a very strong year. And we'll finish our business review with EMEA in Slide number 38. Once again, we saw exceptional growth in this region. We generated organic net sales growth in Australia, led by cereal, and in Asia, driven by both cereal and snacks, despite COVID-related production restrictions on Pringles for much of the quarter.  The biggest star in the quarter was Africa, where we are generating double-digit growth in both volume and in price mix. The top-line growth was strong enough to overcome double-digit cost inflation, delivering operating profit growth. As we look to the fourth quarter, we expect to see continued top-line momentum and bottom-line growth in EMEA, despite cost inflation, and supply challenges. Allow me to wrap up with a brief summary on Slide number 40. Our portfolio is in good shape.  Our world-class brands have great momentum and our emerging markets businesses continue to exceed even our expectations. The result is strong, top-line momentum. We're taking action to mitigate the profit impact of what is the highest cost inflation we've seen, in a decade or more. To do that, we're executing productivity initiatives, we're being disciplined on overhead, and selective on brand investment, and we're carefully executing all levers of revenue growth management.  Bottlenecks and shortages are ramping across the economy right now, and we're experiencing our own, particular labor and supply disruptions. However, we are managing well through these difficult supply conditions. Our people are demonstrating why there are competitive advantage, going the extra mile to supply the market when everything, procurement, manufacturing, shipping is more challenging now than ever. In the end, we expect to remain on our path of balanced financial growth.  We've delivered on its so far this year, and we are reaffirming our full-year guidance today, even in spite of the current operating environment. I want to commend and thank our entire organization for their dedication and GRIT and for finding a way to deliver on our commitments in what is obvious an unusual environment. And with that, we'd be happy to take any questions you might have.
Operator: Thank you. As a reminder for anyone who does wish to ask a question [Operator Instructions]. And we do ask you ensure your line on too closely. Our first question today comes from Andrew. Andrew, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar : Thanks. Good morning everybody.
Steven Cahillane : Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Lazar : Just one from me. Your Europe trend is obviously remaining incredibly strong and accelerated on a 2-year basis. Even as many of those markets have been reopening at a faster pace than we've seen here in the U.S. So, I guess what are the learnings, if any from Europe, maybe that can help you inform the debate a bit in the group on whether some of the new households gain the past 2 years can be somewhat more sticky over time as markets in the U.S. more fully reopen?
Steven Cahillane : Yes. Thanks, Andrew. We have seen terrific growth in all of those international markets driven by increases in penetration and increases in buy rate. And so obviously those two things are important. They work in concert together and we've seen the business stick even as mobility has increased. And so, what we've always said is, we're looking at 2019 as a comparison, and obviously is still very relevant.  The U.S. continues to open up slowly and we're hanging onto those buy rates, especially in the U.S. And so, we anticipate, even as the U.S. continues to open up, what we've talked about is the lasting impact is something we're confident in. And as we've said, time and again, our goal all along was to exit the pandemic stronger than when we went in. And we're more confident than ever that that's happening. That's absolutely happening.
Andrew Lazar : Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open, please continue.
Stephen Powers : Thanks, and good morning from me as well. Two questions related to the supply of production backdrop in the U.S. First is can you give us some color on, how your service levels and fulfillment rates are holding up? How you expect them to trend for the fourth quarter and into the next -- into fiscal '22? Whether we should worry about, out-of-stocks accelerating or anything on that front? Relatedly, as you manage through these situations and you're pulling back, as you say, on investment spending, what's the risk as you see that begin to lose ground more structurally versus competition. I appreciate everyone's on the same boat directionally, but your situation is obviously a bit more severe at the moment. So, I'm wondering how you assess that risk. Thank you.
Steven Cahillane : Yes. Thanks, Steve. So, as you pointed out, the environment is challenging for all of us, there is no question about that. Our fill rates and our customer service levels are not where we want them to be. And we're not alone in that either, but we hold ourselves to a very high standard and we aim to get better and better. And so, let me point out a couple of things around your question. We have one particular area that is more challenging than others, and that's our Cereal business.  And that's obviously been compounded because of the strike that we're going through right now. But outside of that, which is 20% of our global business, outside of that, we're in the same boat as everybody else and you can see based on the type of performance outside of cereal in the U.S., we have posted some very, very strong gains, so we don't believe there's going to be anything structural to our disadvantage as we continue to make our way through the pandemic, through the supply grid lock into a more normalized environment.  And we've got mitigation plans based on where we are with our current cereal plants in the U.S. as well. So, by no means are we complacent. We've got big challenges in front of us, but we're quite confident that we're not going to be at a long term or any kind of permanent disadvantage. This is a transitory event and we'll work our way through it.
Amit Banati : And I think just on the investment levels, our investment levels are broadly flat versus a year ago, so while we pulled back on some supply constraint platforms, when I look at the overall level of investments, we're flattish. And in fact, our advertising is up, so we continue to invest at appropriate levels.
Stephen Powers : Okay. Very good. And just to -- Amit on that point just -- is that -- does that -- I think that's a regional statement. Does that apply to the U.S. cereal as well?
Amit Banati : I think it would vary across category -- I think it would vary across categories because as Steve mentioned different categories, the supply and service levels vary by category. So, I was talking on a global level, on our levels of investment.
Steven Cahillane : And really Steve, based on supply, we're not, we're not going to advertise and promote heavy areas that are severely constrains at the moment.
Stephen Powers : No, that makes sense. Just want to clarify. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Pam Kaufman of Morgan Stanley, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Pamela Kaufman : Hi. Good morning. I just had a question on -- I had a question on the guidance for the full year, so the full-year guidance implies a relatively wide range for Q4 top-line growth. Can you talk about the factors that would contribute to your results coming in towards the low versus the high end of the rates? And what impact are you expecting from the labor strike?
Steven Cahillane : Hi Pamela, so I'll start and Amit can pick up. So, what we've said is, we're taking a reasonable approach to what we think will happen with the labor strike, and that's in our guidance. Our top-line, obviously, continues with great momentum. But you heard what we said about the other three elements coming in perhaps more towards the lower end of the guidance. So, let me talk about what our thinking behind the strike and what I can share with you. We are in the process of negotiating right now.  And so out of respect to that process, I'm not going to get into a lot of detail which I am sure you can appreciate. But we have always treated our employees with respect and fairness, and that includes industry-leading compensation and benefits. The offer that we have in front of the unit right now is increased compensation on top of that already industry-leading compensation and benefits, and we're not asking to take anything away, despite what you may have heard publicly. So, we think a fair resolution should be in the offing.  We think that this type of offer is fair, reasonable, and again, increases on top of the industry-leading compensation already. So, this would allow our employees to get back to work. We want them back to work. I think they want to be back to work. But because these negotiations are ongoing, we can't go into much more detail than that, but I think -- we're hoping that we'll come to a reasonable conclusion. And that's what we're working towards.
Pamela Kaufman : Great. And can you give more color on your growth margin expectations for the fourth quarter and how that will compare to the third quarter? And then just looking towards next year, do you think you've taken enough pricing and implementing enough productivity to preserve year-over-year gross margins?
Amit Banati : Yes. So, I think just on gross margin, I think we expect quarter 4 to continue to be challenging from a cost standpoint. So, I think the environment remains challenging and we'd expect that to continue in fact, on certain packaging and in certain commodities, we expect inflation to be higher than what we've seen in quarter three. Overall, I would say that we're expecting inflation to be in the high single-digits.  Like it was quarter three similar levels, slightly higher in quarter four. And then of course, compounded by the strike, right? And the disruptions as a result of that. So that's the outlook on gross margins from quarter 4 standpoint. And I think as I mentioned in our in my prepared remarks, from an absolute dollar standpoint, we expect it to be higher for the full-year versus 2019 levels. So that's the outlook on gross profit.
Steven Cahillane : And Pamela, on the pricing which you asked about we're not going to comment on forward-looking pricing for obvious reasons. But I think if you look at where we are with price mix and you look at what we've been able to accomplish, that would be our goal going into the future. So obviously the very cost, it's a very inflationary environment driving up costs. Our first line of defense is always productivity. And as we plan out 2022, we'll plan for the same levels of productivity or greater, and then look to the revenue growth management that we've successfully employed in order to protect our margins into next year.
Pamela Kaufman : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JP Morgan.
Ken Goldman : Hi, thanks so much. I know this is a difficult question to answer, so just trying to look for some rough ideas here, but there's the normal headwinds that every sort of food manufacturers is facing right now. When I say normal, I mean, the ones that are across the entire industry, whether it's labor challenges, logistics, or so forth, higher raw materials. And then there's the sort of Kellogg 's specific one of the strike.  And I'm just trying to get a better sense of as you look to your fourth quarter guidance and you think about early next year, how do we think about the impact on whether it's your gross margin or your EBITDA dollars, however you want to think about it on the labor strikes alone, I am just trying to get a sense of how to parse that out as we think about the headwinds there and any help you can give will be great.
Steven Cahillane : Yes. Ken, I appreciate the question, but I think you can appreciate, based on the sensitivity of where we are, and the fact that we're in negotiations, we're not going to be able to quantify any of that. We've taken what we think is a very reasonable view of getting to an agreement. We've also taken into account the contingency plans that we have in effect. We knew -- we've been talking for a year now, because we had a year extension, we knew the contract was expiring on October 5th, so we took all sorts of measures to prepare ourselves, including building inventory.  Building inventory was a little bit challenge because of the fire in Memphis, but we also have deployed our white-collar workers, we've deployed outside labor to keep the plants running, to get the plants running, they're gaining productivity each and every day. We've also leveraged our global supply chain network for cereal to also mitigate. And so, we're working very, very hard on two fronts to mitigate the effects of the strike. On the one hand, and we're doing that successfully and getting better every day.  But also, to get our workers back to work. We want them to get their paychecks, we want them to enjoy their healthcare. We truly want them back to work and we think we've got a very, very good proposal. Again, with increases on top of already industry-leading compensation. So, I think reasonable heads should prevail, based on all that. And that's the view that we're taking. We want to get to a negotiated settlement, get back to work, and we think we've given the best guidance that we can based on all those different factors.
Ken Goldman : Thank you for that. And then a quick question follow-up just thinking about modeling on it. You've had similar adjusted SG&A the last couple of quarters, a little under $720 million. As we think about a run rate, going forward, is that a reasonable number? I know it's going to vary, obviously from quarter-to-quarter. I'm just trying to get a sense because we've had some ups from the last year. What we should be thinking about going ahead here.
Amit Banati : Overall, I'd say flattish to 2019 levels is kind of a good run rate to assume Ken. I think the sales has been phasing. We're lapping the phasing of the brand-building and obviously we also lapping the incentive compensation accruals from last year.
Ken Goldman : Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi : Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Steven Cahillane : Morning, Nik.
Nik Modi : I was hoping maybe you can just -- good morning. I was hoping you can give us some context on inflation just kind of the key buckets in how you see that playing out. And then Steve, if I could throw in a question to you just strategically and philosophically, we're obviously seeing a lot of onetime events that are causing a lot of disruption of these one-time events feel like they just keep on happening. So, I wanted to get your thoughts on capex and doesn't make sense to just have a super cycle in the near-term, just to automate as much as possible and just really evolved the infrastructure to be ready for handling these tend to shock? Thanks.
Amit Banati : Nick, just on the inflation, I think as we expected and as we had previously communicated, inflation came in at high-single-digit rates in quarter 3, it accelerated through the quarter. And as I mentioned earlier, we expect it to further accelerate into quarter 4 as well. And we kind of look at it in two buckets. There's the market-driven costs in commodities like oil, dairy, ingredients, like rice, potatoes and packaging. And actually, packaging was the one where we saw significant acceleration in quarter 3. So that's -- we think inflation, fairly broad-based, I'd say, across our commodities.  And then of course, the operating environment continues to be challenged. Whether it's freight markets, whether it's ocean freight, whether it's labor shortages, as well as shortages across our suppliers, and our supply chain. So that's -- and I would expect a similar outlook for quarter four with slightly higher -- still in the high single-digit rates, but slightly higher levels of inflation into quarter four. And I think from a pricing standpoint and from a revenue growth management standpoint, we're obviously taking action and broadly, I'd say covering our commodity related costs and our direct costs. I think some of the disruptions are hard to predict. And so that's kind of the color on inflation.
Steven Cahillane : And Nick, it's a really interesting question that you raised strategically, and I think for everybody, the pandemic has brought all sorts of different consequences, right? And it's almost an old joke by now, there's no pandemic playbook, but we've all had different challenges, some very common and some unique. Unique to us to obviously is a fire that we talked about, the strike that we're dealing with right now. So, there's clearly some uniqueness. But I think one thing that we are definitely looking towards is how we continue to grow. Because despite this, we've had lots of I wouldn't call it pockets, we've got real growth happening in most of our business that is very resilient, robust, and sustainable. But the future of work is clearly going to change and our capital plans over the next couple of years will reflect that. When I say the future of work, the obvious -- what happens in office environments, where work gets done, how work gets done, but then also, from a capacity standpoint, and how factories run, and where work gets done there, where product gets made to allow ourselves even more resiliency going forward is clearly something that is on the cards for us.
Nik Modi : Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Palmer of Evercore.
David Palmer : Thanks. Good morning. You mentioned that in, I think it was answer to Ken 's question and the high-single-digit inflation in the fourth quarter. If input costs remain at these current levels and considering contracts and hedges rolling off, will the -- will COGS inflation slow in the first half of '22 or remain near those high-single-digit levels? And I have a quick follow-up.
Amit Banati : Yeah. I think we'll obviously provide detailed guidance right in our quarter 4 earnings call in early February. I think to your question on from an inflation standpoint, I think on a planning basis, we're assuming that the high levels of inflation will persist for the foreseeable future. But I think that's what -- that's the assumption that we're working with. I think from a hedging standpoint, we have a continuous hedging process, so they continue to roll. So, we do not anticipate any sudden cliff at the start of the year. that said, obviously the hedges are rolling up at higher prices.  And so, from a lapped standpoint, the current hedges are higher than the hedges that are dropping off. And so all-in-all, we're planning for a high inflation environment in 2022. I think you don't from a shortages and disruption standpoint, that's harder to predict. But we are assuming that they will persist. And so, from a productivity standpoint and from our revenue growth management standpoint, we will be taking actions in '22 to offset them and continuing to drive balanced financial delivery.
David Palmer : And thanks for that. And if we were to look back where we can almost, now, look at '21 with pretty good visibility, I would imagine. And if you were to look at the friction costs, COVID related, strike related, just put it all into one bucket and God willing, you'll be able to lap these friction costs with less friction in '22. But how would you say or estimate those friction costs have been a drag to your gross margins in 21, I'll pass it on.
Amit Banati : Yeah. I think it's hard to model that because there's so much that's happened during the course of this year. I think and like I mentioned, from our '22 planning standpoint, we're assuming that the current environment is going to persist. And we're focused on productivity and pricing and revenue growth management actions, to try and offset those costs. And continue to drive balanced delivery.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet : Yes. Good morning, everyone. And 2 questions. The first one is more follow-up actually. You said in your per remark, U.S. shipments were lagging behind consumption. So, what is the current level of inventory at retailers? And how it compares to rate should be. So that's the first question. The second one is really about Europe. It's from a strong gross in Europe this quarter were higher than what we expected.  And you mentioned in your pro-market performance was driven by the U.K. and Russia. So, could you please give us a bit more color there? There were so -- I mean, we heard about disruption and the neighboring that truck drivers into U.K. And are you seeing any kind of disruption there in the U.K? but also in shipments between the U.K and Europe? Thank you.
Steven Cahillane : Yes. Thanks. Laurent, I'll start and then Amit can fill in as well. From a U.S. shipment standpoint, I would say shipments are lagging consumption probably mid-single digits is probably a reasonable assumption there. I'd say inventory levels across the whole landscape are low, obviously. It's been well-documented in all the supply chain challenges and disruptions and so forth. In terms of Europe, I mean Europe team continues to deliver at a very high level. And if you look at the UK and Russia performance, we highlighted that and if you look at across Pringles and Cereal and the Wholesome Snacks has bounced back, as we said as well. And so, it's really just high levels of execution, lapping a very strong performance last year and continued demand creation activities that have been very, very successful in terms of the disruptions, there clearly are disruptions.  They're not quite as acute as they are in the U.S., but they are real. There's friction also that has to do with Brexit. When you think about supply chain that is on Continental Europe, as well as the UK. We're working our way through that. You're seeing good results despite that. But the same issues around freight and truck drivers exist in the UK and in Continental Europe, but particularly the UK as they do in the U.S. as well.
Laurent Grandet : Thank you. I'll pass it down. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow : Hi. One of your big competitors is talking about price increases beginning in January and snack. And there's a lot of [Indiscernible] food companies that are introducing new pricing. Can you talk a little bit about like what your plans are for pricing in 2022? What have you talked to the trade about so far? And then a quick follow-up?
Steven Cahillane : Yes. Thanks, Rob, I appreciate the question, but we do not talk about forward pricing for a number of reasons. But again, if you look backwards and you see what we've done, we've been successful at driving pricing. The good news is elasticities have performed very well. They've been lower than historically. That was our expectation.  And I think a lot of expectations based on just the totality of the inflationary environment. And as we look to 2022, as we said, we'll deploy productivity, we'll deploy revenue growth management. And we'll look to be competitive in market and to create value and to provide for a plan that delivers balanced financial growth going forward.
Amit Banati : And I think if you look at our -- quick look backwards, our price mix has been at around 4% and within that actually mix has been negative because of -- in this quarter, because of country mix. And so not only is that of -- not only the 4% offsetting the mix. But obviously the pricing is at a high level than that. So, it's coming through.
Robert Moskow : Okay. My follow-up on plant-based. You said that the category is declining as you expected off of tough comps. Is there a risk that these declines continue into next year? When do you think it comes back to positive again?
Steven Cahillane : Yeah, Rob, I think it does come back to positive next year. The lap is really what's occurring right now. And if you go back to see what happened 2 years ago. There was an enormous excitement around the new entrants. Lots of new distribution being built. Lots of doors, frozen doors, refrigerated doors being added. And so, we always anticipated, as we said, that the hurdle of that would be difficult. But when you look to consumer behavior, when you look to the consumer research we have, there's still a lot of enthusiasm and excitement around plant-based. And so, we think going into next year, you start to see healthier growth rates on a year-over-year basis because of those comps.
Robert Moskow : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Christopher Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Amit Banati : Morning.
Christopher Growe: Quick question for you on mix as you were talking to Rob there. Does lower mix at the revenue line mean lower mix at the profit line, whether it be gross profit or operating profit? So, is that a factor weighing on your gross margin as well?
Amit Banati : Not necessarily. I think it's -- there are 2 factors in play at a high level. One is obviously your geographic mix. A Multipro, it does impact both NSP and gross margin because it's a distributor business. And obviously in quarter 3, like we -- like I mentioned, we had a huge quarter in Multipro in Nigeria, driven really by pricing to cargo inflation and volume growth was strong despite the significant pricing that came through. On that one, it flows through. I think on the categories, I'd say it's a lot more balanced between snacks and cereal.
Christopher Growe: Okay. And then I had a second question just around pricing and two elements of that. One would be that you noted the Europe pricing to offset inflation, but some of these disruptions and supply chain challenges are -- have been an issue for your gross margin. As you, I think you noted as well that you expect those to continue next year.  So, does that mean that your pricing would be below whatever the total amount of inflation is next year if the supply chain challenges don't get better? And then if I could add to that, you talked about a low level of plasticity, especially in the emerging markets to pricing, does that push you to price even more there than what you would expect around the level of inflation in those markets? Thank you.
Amit Banati : I think to the extent that we can focus the disruptions. I think it's hard to focus and that's been the challenge this year, because it's just common in so many unexpected places. I think to the extent that it's sustained and we're able to focus it. Obviously, that will go into the mix of how we offset through productivity and revenue growth management.  So, I think that's the way we're thinking about it. I think to the areas that we think that's going to persist, we'll obviously take actions to offset that. And I think on your point on emerging markets, yes, the volume has come through stronger than we had expected. And so, I think elasticities have been lower. No question.
Christopher Growe: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Ken Zaslow : Good morning, everyone.
Amit Banati : Good morning.
Steven Cahillane : And good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow : Can you talk about the auctioneer
John Renwick : Can you hear us?
Ken Zaslow : That you have with Pringles and where you think that the new markets will be. And when you think about it in a couple of years, how big you think this brand will be?
Steven Cahillane : Yes, thanks, Ken. So, we're very excited about the Pringles momentum obviously. It's a great brand, it's highly differentiated. It handles innovation extremely well. It carries flavor, like no other snack. And so, we see continued growth in the markets where we are. It's got pretty good distribution countrywide. So, most of the growth is going to come from continuing to penetrate and increased by rates and household penetration in some of the developing markets. You've seen in Central Brazil and other emerging markets quite successfully so. And we put a couple of lines in our Brazilian plant for Pringles as well. The Malaysia plant has been running strong for us and that provides good growth opportunities across Asia. So, we think -- I'm not going to predict how big it can get, but it keeps getting bigger for sure and generating very solid growth for us.  The other thing I'd mention where we have a lot of opportunity from snack and expanding distribution Cheez-It, which doesn't have the same footprint as Pringles, not even close. And we've now launched in Canada and Brazil and it's done extremely well. So now, as we look to the globe, we look to brands like Cheez-It and even Pop-Tarts and others that would have global aspirations. And so, we continue to look at our Snacks portfolio as something very exciting with a lot of growth potential.
Ken Zaslow : My second question is, for the last couple of quarters, you've tried to temper the emerging markets growth. This is probably the first quarter you haven't done that. And you continue -- you actually sound a little bit more optimistic about the outlook emerging markets. Not that you haven't been optimistic, but you're not trying to taper off expectations on that. What are you seeing in emerging markets to give you increased confidence that maybe this is much more sustainable than you may have thought for the last 3 quarters to 4 quarters. And unless I misread what you're thinking. And I'll leave it there [Indiscernible].
Steven Cahillane : [Indiscernible]. Ken, sorry. We do assume a slowdown in emerging markets in quarter four. And we've been -- we've been pleasantly very, I wouldn't say surprised, but they're great, great numbers that have been posted in the emerging markets. You look at the Africa business. And so, we don't plan on that sustaining, but have been very pleased with what's been achieved.
Amit Banati : And I think if you looked at our prepared remarks, we talked about growth accelerating. We saw it all the way through last year, and it's further accelerated. So, we had double-digit growth through the year. Overall, it's been sustained through the year, through last year. And I think from a growth standpoint, we continue to see it as a growth opportunity.
Ken Zaslow : Appreciate it. Thanks
John Renwick : Operator. Thanks, Ken. Operator, I believe we are at 10:30, which means we need to wrap it up. We'd like to thank everybody for their interest and their questions. And if you do have any follow-up questions, please do not hesitate to call us.
Steven Cahillane : Thanks, everybody.
Amit Banati : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This conference call has now concluded, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-05 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our second quarter 2021 results as well as an update regarding our outlook for the full year 2021. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer. Slide 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to this third slide of the presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. This is a particular note during the current COVID-19 pandemic when the length and severity of the crisis and resultant economic and business impacts are so difficult to predict. A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of kelloggcompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. And now I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I hope you and your families are doing well. There is no question that we're still managing through a pandemic. In this environment, keeping employees safe remains job number one. And aiding our communities is more important than ever. We also continue to supply the world with food, though, this remains challenging as the pandemic persists. A reacceleration of COVID cases has brought on new restrictions, causing temporary shutdowns of production in some countries. Meantime, we and the vendors that supply us are having to manage through bottlenecks and shortages of materials, labor and freight, all created by demand-supply imbalances that are also pushing up costs. So 2021 is shaping up to be anything but business as usual, and I'm extremely proud of how our organization continues to persevere and succeed in such challenging conditions. I'm also pleased with how well we continue to execute against our strategy, deployed for balanced growth, which is depicted on Slide 6. From a business perspective, demand and eating occasions at home remained elevated in quarter two, but they are gradually shifting as consumer mobility returns. In the second quarter, this was reflected in an ads forecast continuation of decelerating at-home demand growth, as measured by 2-year compound annual growth rates in our cereal and frozen categories around the world. We also saw signs of gradual recovery in away-from-home channels in an on-the-go snacks and pack formats. These channels grew year-on-year and better than forecast, even if they remain below 2019 levels. Our Deploy for Growth boosters are working effectively from focusing on ever-evolving occasions, to leveraging our reshaped portfolio, to driving momentum in our world-class brands and to investing in our supply chain to better serve our customers. Our Better Days boosters, which further our ESG efforts continue to work effectively as well. A few Better Days highlights are shared on Slide 7. During the second quarter, we continued to progress toward our ongoing Better Days commitments. This slide calls out a few of our actions and achievements of the quarter. The key message is that this remains a critical element of our strategy, a clear focus of management and a part of the DNA of Kellogg Company.  And we turned in another quarter of strong business performance in the second quarter, as discussed on Slide 8. Overall, at-home demand remained elevated, and we saw continued recovery in our away-from-home channels. Most encouraging has been the momentum demonstrated by key long-term growth engines for us. Our world-class snacks brands sustained their momentum with many continuing to outpace their respective categories. Our plant-based protein business is continuing to show strong growth. Our emerging markets businesses sustained their rapid growth and continue to excel even amidst challenging business conditions. Meanwhile, we continue to manage through the global supply challenges, I referred to earlier even as we continue to bring on our planned capacity increases. From a financial standpoint, our second quarter continued the balanced delivery that we returned to in 2020. Specifically, comparing to pre-COVID 2019, we realized another quarter of strong organic top line growth and operating profit growth as well as improved cash flow generation. We are affirming our full year guidance today. Like so many others, we are currently facing increased cost inflation and supply hurdles, and that is factored into our second half assumptions. Nonetheless, the business is showing good momentum. And just as we work through these challenges in the second quarter, we're confident we can work through them in the second half as well. Let me now turn it over to Amit, so he can take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Our financial results for the second quarter are summarized on Slide 10. It was another strong quarter that's viewed on a 2-year basis, because of the unusual period we were lapping from last year. On an organic basis, we nearly matched last year's unusually high net sales, generating 4.5% growth on a 2-year compound annual growth rate or CAGR basis. This came in better than expected, thanks to an impressive momentum in emerging markets and faster improvement than expected in our away-from-home channels. Currency-neutral adjusted-basis operating profit declined against last year's exceptional quarter when it grew 27% despite losing about 8 points to divestiture impact. Excluding those divested businesses from the 2019 base, our operating profit in quarter two this year grew at a 2-year CAGR of about 8%. This is strong growth that indicates underlying margin expansion. Currency-neutral adjusted-basis earnings per share declined as it lapped last year's outsized growth, but it grew about 9% on a 2-year CAGR basis, excluding the divestiture impact on operating profit. And cash flow was again stronger than anticipated for the quarter. And while it lapped last year's unusually high level, this cash flow was again higher than that of quarter two of 2019. So on a 2-year basis, we saw another quarter of good top line growth, margin expansion and conversion of profit into cash flow. That's the kind of balance we strive for. Let's examine these results in a little more detail. We'll start with net sales on Slide 11. Net sales remained strong despite tough comparisons. Volume declined against last year's double-digit surge, but remained up on a 2-year basis, even despite an as-expected reversal of shipment timing from quarter one in North America. Price/mix was again an important driver. Once again, most of this price/mix growth came from revenue growth management initiatives implemented in all 4 regions. Mix was only slightly positive as a mix shift towards Snacks was partially offset by resumed mix shift towards Multipro, our West African distributor business. Our 2-year organic net sales CAGR was 4.5% in quarter two, a very strong performance. Rounding out net sales, foreign currency translation was again positive in quarter two. As we look to the rest of the year, we assume continued deceleration in at-home demand with moderation in away-from-home declines being more modest due to the mix of our channels. We've seen this reflected in our 2-year CAGRs from quarter one to quarter two, and we expect this deceleration to continue into quarter three and quarter four. And based on where forex rates are right now, we would expect to see a less positive impact on net sales in the second half. Moving down the income statement. Slide 12 shows two important drivers of our profit margin performance. As you know, our gross profit margin in quarter two was lapping outsized operating leverage in quarter two, 2020, when our plants ran flat out, producing only a limited lineup of SKUs. But importantly, our gross margin in quarter two, as in quarter one, increased from 2019 levels. Productivity and price realization drove this 2-year improvement, more than overcoming high cost inflation, labor and freight disruptions, COVID-related costs and a mix shift towards emerging markets. So this 2-year improvement is very encouraging. As we'll talk about in a moment, we expect to see more pressure on gross margin in the second half than we did in the first half, reflecting the current operating and cost environment. Operating profit margin remained higher than quarter two, 2019 as well. This reflects the gross margin performance and good discipline on overhead. Brand building investment, while up double digits against last year's delays, was up more modestly versus 2 years ago. As we look to the second half, our SG&A expense may provide some offset to the gross margin pressure. SG&A expense in the second half should moderate year-on-year. Not only because of last year's back-weighted brand building, particularly in quarter four, but also because of lapping last year's incentive compensation. This could be partially offset by a gradual resumption of travel and related activities as economies reopen. Moving down the P&L. Let's turn to Slide 13. During quarter two, interest expense decreased year-on-year on lower debt, and this decrease will continue for the remainder of the year, with quarter four additionally lapping the $20 million debt redemption cost we recorded last year. Of note, during the quarter, we issued our first ever sustainability bond, which was very well received. Other income increased modestly year-on-year to a level that is a little higher than we would expect for the remaining quarters, owing to favorability in various nonpension items. Our effective tax rate of 22.6% was essentially in line with our full year forecast rate. JV earnings and minority interest together were roughly in line with last year. And average shares outstanding decreased year-on-year, reflecting the impact of quarter one's buybacks. We still expect full year average shares outstanding to be around 0.5% lower than 2020. Let's now discuss our cash flow and balance sheet shown on Slide 14. Year-to-date, our cash flow remains below last year's unusually high level as expected, but well above that of the first half of 2019. This 2-year increase is driven by our improved operating profit and improved cash flow conversion. We finished the first half ahead of our expectations for cash flow. And as we look to the rest of the year, cash flow should remain below last year's COVID-aided levels, but still well above 2019. Meanwhile, our balance sheet remains solid. Net debt remains roughly even with last year and lower than each of the prior 2 years, even despite our increase in cash return to shareowners in form of resumed share buybacks and increased dividend. So our financial condition is quite strong. Slide 15 shows where our results stand after the first 6 months of 2021. Obviously, we've had a good year so far, producing strong and balanced financial results on a 2-year basis and staying modestly ahead of our own internal forecast. This strong start is all the more important when you consider just how much more challenging the business environment has gotten lately. Now let's discuss our full year guidance shown on Slide 16. As Steve mentioned, we are affirming our overall guidance. Within that guidance, we are raising our net sales guidance. We are now calling for organic growth of flat to up to 1%, which is a bit higher than our previous guidance for flat, reflecting our business momentum, particularly in emerging markets. This equates to almost 3% growth on a 2-year CAGR basis. Volume will continue to lap last year's large gains but price/mix will remain positive as we execute revenue growth management actions to cover higher input costs. Our guidance for currency-neutral adjusted operating profit is unchanged, still calling for a year-on-year decrease of about 1% to 2%, equating to almost 4% growth on a 2-year CAGR basis, excluding the divestiture impact. This reflects our stronger-than-expected quarter two profit and raised full year net sales outlook, balanced by increased cost pressures and operating challenges that make us a bit more cautious about the second half. Specifically, we have the productivity and revenue growth management actions in place to continue to cover high market-driven cost for commodities and freight. However, the economy-wide supply chain challenges, that Steve mentioned, are impeding production and shipping and creating incremental operating costs as well, particularly in quarter three. Because of this, we now expect gross profit margin to finish 2021 slightly below 2019 levels, but well above 2019 in gross profit dollars. We are also affirming our guidance for 1% to 2% growth in currency-neutral adjusted earnings per share, which equates to almost 5% growth on a 2-year CAGR basis. And we continue to look for cash flow to finish the year in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. This outlook balances the momentum in our business with the challenging operating environment and balances our margin protection actions against heightened cost pressures. To summarize, we remain in strong financial condition, and we remain solidly on track for continued balanced financial delivery on a 2-year basis. And with that, let me turn it back to Steve for a review of our major businesses.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. Before we get into each of the 4 regions, let me start off by highlighting the strength of some of our most important growth drivers. The first is Pringles, shown on Slide 18. This $2 billion global retail sales brand continues to perform well around the world. Here in the United States, it continued to outpace the category on consumption growth using a 2-year CAGR to eliminate uneven comparisons. It's also outperforming the category on household penetration gains since the pandemic. And around the world, we are seeing similar momentum. We're seeing growth in original and core flavors. We're seeing incremental growth from innovations like Scorchin and Sizzl'n. Equally impressive has been Cheez-It, another world-class brand, shown on Slide 19. This $1 billion retail sales brand continues to perform well in the U.S. Its 2-year CAGRs remain well ahead of the category's growth and its household penetration has grown in contrast to the rest of the category. Meanwhile, our launches of this power brand into Canada and Brazil are off to strong starts. Let's not overlook 2 other world-class snack brands. On Slide 20, we can see the continued strength of Pop-Tarts and Rice Krispies Treats. Together, these 2 power brands represent $1 billion in measured channel retail sales in the U.S. alone. You can see from the slide that they are in terrific shape as well. Their consumption has continued to outpace the portable wholesome snacks category on a 2-year CAGR basis, and these brands have added households since the pandemic, whereas the overall category has not. Plant-based protein and our leading MorningStar Farms brand is another growth driver that is performing very well. As shown on Slide 21, this $400 million retail sales brand continues to show strong consumption growth on a 2-year CAGR basis and has continued to add to its household penetration. A key advantage of MorningStar Farms is the breadth of its offerings across product types. And in Q2, we continued to see double-digit 2-year CAGRs across segments like chicken, appetizers, breakfast meat and sausages. We continue to innovate against this brand, including its sub-brand Incogmeato, which continues to add distribution and share and is proving to be incremental to the MorningStar Farms franchise. MorningStar Farms growth has bumped up against our capacity at various times in the past year, even as it has faced numerous new entrants into the category. This is creating a lot of excitement in the category, and we are pleased with our momentum and prospects. And of course, there's Eggo, shown on Slide 22. This $900 million retail sales brand continues to perform well in the U.S. as indicated by its strong 2-year compound annual growth in consumption and by its better-than-category performance on household penetration. Meantime, the brand continues to grow on a 2-year basis in Canada and Mexico as well. Our emerging markets are another key growth driver for us. And as you can see on Slide 23, they have actually accelerated their growth over the past couple of years. As we've discussed many times, this is a testament to our geographic footprint, our portfolio of foods and brands, our local supply chains, our go-to-market and our experienced management teams. As you can see from the chart, we continued to record impressive growth in these markets in Q2, even in spite of challenges related to COVID. We grew strongly in Africa, Asia, Latin America and Russia, and we continue to grow in cereal, snacks and noodles. Emerging markets represent more than 20% of our net sales and are expected to remain an important growth driver for a long time to come. So some of our portfolio's most important growth drivers are very clearly showing good momentum and have only strengthened over the past year. And these aren't small businesses. Even just the ones I discussed here, collectively represent more than half of our company's net sales. Let's now discuss each of our regions. We'll start with North America in Slide 24. We sustained net sales growth on a 2-year basis in North America, even if that growth rate was held back by the pandemic's negative impact on away-from-home channels and on-the-go pack formats. Moreover, versus last year, our volume in Q2 was not only lapping last year's double-digit surge, but also felt the impact of our previously discussed shift of shipments into Q1 and resultant trade inventory coming out as expected during Q2. Importantly though, we realized good price mix growth driven by revenue growth management actions. And our overall sales growth was supported by good underlying consumption trends. We outpaced 4 of our 6 primary categories on a 2-year compound annual growth basis with our 2-year consumption growth accelerating sequentially from Q1 in 5 of our 6 categories. And as we discussed on the past few slides, this strong performance is being driven by many of our biggest brands. So the underlying fundamentals look good. On operating profit, remember that we were lapping a year ago quarter in which operating profit grew 36%, excluding divestiture impact, an unusually strong quarter elevated by at-home demand, outsized operating leverage and delayed brand investment during the height of the pandemic. On a 2-year CAGR basis though, you can see we continued to generate good operating profit growth driven by top line growth, productivity and price/mix. These have been able to offset the impacts of extremely high cost inflation this year as well as the frequent shortages of materials, freight and labor, which are most pronounced in North America. Let's take a closer look at our category groups in North America. Slide 25 shows that our net sales for snacks in North America continued to grow both on a 1-year and a 2-year CAGR basis, despite declines in away-from-home channels and many on-the-go foods and pack formats. U.S. consumption remains solid on a 2-year CAGR basis, outpacing all 3 of our snacks categories and led by power brands. In crackers, we outpaced the category on a 1-year and 2-year CAGR basis, led by continued strength in Cheez-IT and Club. In salty snacks, we outpaced the category on a 1-year and 2-year CAGR basis as well due to continued strength in Pringles, particularly its core 4 flavors, its new Scorchin innovation and multi-packs. And in portable wholesome snacks, we are seeing brands like Pop-Tarts and Rice Krispies Treats hold up very well on a 2-year CAGR basis, while also starting to see signs of recovery in our more on-the-go oriented brands, like Special K, Nutri-Grain and RXBARs.  In North America cereal, shown on Slide 26, organic net sales were off slightly on a 2-year CAGR basis due to declines in away-from-home channels. We also saw the impact of being capacity constrained on certain brands. In the U.S., the category's consumption was flat on a 2-year CAGR basis in Q2. And after being down about 1% in Q1, we improved to flat in Q2, keeping up with the category on that basis. Frosted Flakes accounted for most of the share decline related to pulling back on brand building and merchandising since Q4 last year, as we worked to maintain service levels and add capacity planned prior to the pandemic. Unfortunately, our capacity expansion has been slowed by current supply shortages and by our recent fire in one of our facilities. This will delay our return to normal commercial activity on affected brands. In the meantime, our business continues to progress well. We continue to lead the category and share of innovation, and we are seeing better performance in wellness-oriented brands, like Raisin Bran, Special K, Kashi and Bear Naked. And on Slide 27, we can see that our 2 frozen businesses, plant-based foods and frozen breakfast, also continue to grow on a 2-year CAGR basis, even despite capacity limitations and declines in away-from-home channels. We've already discussed both of our key brands in frozen, MorningStar Farms plant-based foods and Eggo from the griddle foods. Both continue to generate strong consumption growth on a 2-year CAGR basis, and both are poised to sustain growth. And before we move on from our discussion of North America, we should touch on our U.S. away-from-home business in Slide 28. The slide shows rolling 2-year average growth rates in our net sales over the past few quarters in these channels. As restrictions eased and consumer mobility increased, we saw a gradual recovery get underway in these channels. It remains to be seen whether this trajectory will continue given recent pandemic developments. So our North America region continues to perform well even as we work to catch up the demand and work our way through industry-wide shortages of freight, labor and materials. Now let's take a look at Europe, shown on Slide 29. Kellogg Europe posted its 15th consecutive quarter of organic growth, a remarkable track record of consistency in this market. Volume had to lap a year ago surge, but we sustained good price/mix growth driven by RGM actions. And on a 2-year CAGR basis, you can see that we remain in strong net sales growth with this growth being driven by both snacks and cereal. Importantly, we also continue to perform well in market. Retail scanner data indicate only modest sequential deceleration of category and Kellogg consumption growth on a 2-year CAGR basis. On that 2-year CAGR basis, we kept up with the salty snacks category with particular recent strength in France and Spain. Our consumer promotion around the Euro's soccer tournament was our biggest summer promo ever for Pringles. In cereal, our 2-year growth has outpaced the category in most markets, led by key brands like Crunchy Nut in the U.K. and Tresor and Extra in Continental Europe, and Coco Pops and Cocoa Krispies more broadly. Europe's operating profit lapped a year ago quarter in which operating profit grew more than 35% when it was elevated by at-home demand, outsized operating leverage and delayed brand investment during the height of the pandemic. Nevertheless, on a 2-year CAGR basis, we grew our profit at a double-digit rate in Q2. So clearly, Kellogg Europe continues to perform very well. Moving to Latin America in Slide 30. Latin America had a notably strong quarter. It grew organic net sales by 9% on top of last year's 14% gain, resulting in strong double-digit growth on a 2-year CAGR basis. Volume had to lap last year's 11% surge and this was felt primarily in cereal, but we sustained strong price/mix growth, driven by RGM actions across the portfolio and markets. The result was a year-on-year net sales growth in all subregions and as shown on the slide, sustained momentum on a 2-year CAGR basis. Scanner data do indicate a gradual slowing of at-home demand, which for us manifests itself in cereal. Nevertheless, our 2-year CAGRs for consumption remains strong in our key cereal markets, with Kellogg exceeding category growth rates, particularly for big brands like Corn Flakes and Froot Loops. Similarly, Pringles outpaced 2-year CAGRs for salty snacks categories in key markets and has gained share on a 1-year basis in our biggest markets, Mexico and Brazil. Meanwhile, our Parati business in Brazil continued to post strong consumption growth and increased share in biscuits. While operating profit had to lap a near doubling in the year earlier quarter, it was still up strongly on a 2-year CAGR basis. Despite high cost, they were heightened further by adverse transactional currency exchange. We clearly are performing well in this region. And while we are somewhat cautious about decelerating at-home demand and further regulatory pressure in the second half, this year is certainly shaping up to be a good one for Kellogg Latin America. And we'll conclude our regional discussion with AMEA in Slide 31. AMEA produced another quarter of exceptional organic net sales growth, both on a 1-year and 2-year CAGR basis. Both volume and price/mix contributed to the strong year-on-year growth. Geographically, the growth was broad-based and driven by emerging markets. It was led by double-digit gains in Africa. Within Africa, we experienced notably exceptional growth in Nigeria. Our business there has been dependently in growth for a long time, and its recent acceleration and momentum has been impressive. Meanwhile, we also generated good growth elsewhere in Africa and in the Middle East. We generated double-digit organic net sales growth in Asia as well, and the gains were broad-based across markets like India, Japan and Korea, and the growth came from both snacks and cereal. Even in developed market, Australia, our sales were roughly flat against last year's surge. AMEA's operating profit growth was also outstanding in Q2, growing 25% year-on-year. So AMEA continues to demonstrate strong momentum, and while we would not expect it to keep up this exceptional rate of growth, it is very clearly a dependable growth driver for us. Allow me to wrap up with a brief summary on Slide 33. We have completed another quarter of strong execution and performance, capping a first half that featured the following: Underlying business momentum, driven by our biggest brands; unlocking capacity so we can resume full commercial activity in certain products; sustained growth momentum in emerging markets; leveraging enhanced capabilities from data and analytics, to innovation, to ESG; strong cash flow and balance sheet, providing financial flexibility and increased cash to shareowners; a continuation of balanced financial delivery; and an affirmation of our full year guidance, as top line momentum helps offset the impact of higher cost pressures and global supply chain obstacles. As I mentioned earlier, the current business environment is anything but business as usual. In addition to the challenges of ensuring our employees' safety, we and the entire economy are wrestling with tight supply of materials, freight and labor as well as the related rise in their costs. We managed through this environment very effectively in the first half, and we affirm guidance today with confidence that we will continue to manage through it in the second half. We remain as convinced as ever that we are stronger today as a company. So before closing, I want to thank our Kellogg employees for their dedication and hard work in what have been incredibly challenging circumstances. And with that, we'd be happy to take any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: So I guess my question is around the commentary just around the rising costs and some of the supply chain issues, like sourcing materials in North America. And so my question is, in terms of mitigating that, you've taken some actions in the second half to begin to try to mitigate. But I guess, as we go forward, how should we think about how much of this maybe leaks into the first half of next year? And are there other incremental actions, whether it's pricing or productivity that you might have to take in order to sort of stay on top of this as we move beyond this current fiscal year?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Bryan. And you hit on some of the most important activities. And we always like to say that our first-line of defense against something like this is productivity, right? So we've been working hard at productivity and looking for every area where we can be more efficient. And then RGM. Obviously, everything about RGM and the capabilities we've been building is very important right now, because the surge in inflation that we're all seeing, which is clearly industry-wide, is -- I'm not telling anybody anything they don't know, is quite significant. And on balance, probably the most we've seen in nearly a decade. And so all these things are going to be very important, but we're going to continue to invest in our brands. Because as you've heard me say before, we can go to the trade and talk about rising commodity prices and all these things, which are very factual, but the more we spend against our brands in terms of innovation and making sure that they pull off the shelf, the more we earn the right to have those discussions with our retailers. As it moves into the future into 2022, it's hard to say how long this persists. It's very pervasive. There are certain things that are clearly going to unwind. Containers will eventually find their rightful places in the world, labor shortages should mitigate, but it's hard to predict. And we're planning for an ongoing challenging cost environment well into next year. Amit, I don't know if you have anything to add?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think just to build on what Steve said. If you look at our inflation, it came in higher than what we had expected in the second quarter. I think we kind of closed the first half at around mid-single-digit rates of inflation. And I think as we look to the second half, we expect that to accelerate to high single digits. I think as you would have seen in our quarter two results, we're seeing strong price/mix come through globally. So across all our markets. And that will continue to be an emphasis in the second half as well. We are taking our revenue growth management actions, and you'll start -- and you will continue to see the impact of that in the second half as well. And then I think just from a margin standpoint, like I mentioned, our outlook now for the year is that our gross margin will be slightly below 2019 levels. But I think it's important to note that our gross profit dollars will be higher than in 2019.
Operator: The next question is from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: So just a couple of questions. On the production and shipping issues, is that really just speaking to the fire and perhaps labor problems on the cereal side of the business in the U.S.? Or is it more broad-based? And would we expect more out of stocks to happen as a result of that? And then I have a follow-up.
Amit Banati: I think -- Alexia, this is Amit here. It's broad-based. And I think everyone is seeing it. If you kind of look at labor shortages, there are widespread shortages of labor, particularly here in the U.S. and that's impacting the freight market. We've seen the spot market in the freight significantly up due to a shortage of drivers. It's impacting our operation in our factories in terms of just labor and it's impacting the entire supply chain. So we are seeing it in our suppliers as well. So it is broad-based. And then when you look internationally, COVID is raging in some emerging markets. And so we've seen COVID restrictions kick in, and a couple of our facilities have been impacted because of COVID restrictions. So broad-based.
Alexia Howard: Great. I really appreciate it. And just a really minor follow-up. Are you able to quantify the currency impact on EBIT and on operating profit and earnings per share for the full year? Just so that we have an idea of what the guidance implies.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think it's hard -- I mean, it's hard to kind of forecast exchange rates. I think if you look at where the rates are today, you'd say that it's about 2% on the EPS from a forex standpoint. It's about 1% to 2% on a net sales basis. So that's kind of the -- if you look at just where rates are today.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.
Robert Dickerson: So just a question around emerging markets. I know, Steve, you've said it's about 20% of the business. Obviously, we've seen some nice pricing already come through there, even though it looks like currencies hasn't been a headwind. So I'm just curious, kind of net-net within kind of the broader emerging market platform you have, has the strategy just been -- you think that volumes essentially can remain somewhat steady as you get through that back half of the year, while pricing is still elevated, maybe there was just some pricing opportunity, I think, that you had spoken to kind of coming out of Q1? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Rob. Obviously, we're very pleased with the emerging market performance in the first half. It was surprisingly strong. And I say that because, as Amit already mentioned and as everybody knows, COVID really is raging in many of these parts of the world. But I think our strength there really comes down to the execution of our strategy, which starts with the affordability pyramid, which we've talked about in the past. Our portfolio is much more affordable today than it has been in years. It's much more locally relevant in terms of the foods that we bring to market. And so that's allowed us to weather what is a very uncertain environment in many of these markets. We also have a very advantaged position in some of these markets. If you think about our West African Nigerian business, our strength in route-to-market through our Multipro distributor allows us to mean to operate in this very challenging environment. The Parati acquisition in Brazil gave us strong route to market. So the focus on route to market and affordability has allowed us to weather this very challenging and, in fact, be very successful in the first half of the year. We're cautious going forward. We wouldn't expect this type of elevated performance to continue. And we say that just because of the level of uncertainty around COVID, around potential disruptions. We have had some factory disruptions in the emerging markets in the past quarter. We can't guarantee that, that won't happen again. And so it's with some degree of just caution that we look forward relative to the performance that we had in the first half of the year.
Robert Dickerson: All right. Great. And then just to focus on North America for a minute. Obviously, the price/mix is already coming through nicely in Q2. I'm assuming some of that is more mix driven relative to pricing you've already taken. So as I think kind of on the go-forward in the back half, is kind of what you did in Q2 is that, let's say, one, a fair proxy for what you might be able to put up in price/mix? And then secondly is just on the tonnage side, obviously, came off a bit in Q2. I realize you're being a bit cautious on how that plays out given at-home deceleration potential. For the same time, it seems like maybe your portfolio should be a little bit better insulated, but relative to others in the volume side, in the back half, given you don't have extremely tough comparison and also because you test some of the on-the-go exposure. So kind of 2 parts, pricing and then tonnage expectations, and that's it.
Amit Banati: Yes. So just starting with the pricing. We saw, like I said, around 4% price/mix in the first half, and it was across all our markets, both in the U.S. and in the international markets. And it was more price than mix in the first half, and we'd expect that to continue in the second half. And we'd expect to continue to execute our revenue growth management actions.
Robert Dickerson: Right. Great. And then just on the volume side, just kind of thinking about portfolio construct and, I guess, elasticity, et cetera.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So we feel pretty good about the volume side of the equation. But we're also continuing to focus on the balance of price/mix. As you think about our various categories, obviously, the second quarter was the really big lap when it comes to tonnage. And then the back half of the year becomes less so.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: You've passed your two toughest comps for organic growth and averaged around a 2% organic growth lift in the first half despite that. And I know you've raised the guidelines -- the guidance for top line expectations, but it certainly would point to a deceleration. You've called out some of the COVID uncertainty, especially in emerging markets. But what are the real key drivers there that make you think this will slow down so much in the second half?
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Michael, thanks for the question. I think, obviously, if you just reflect back on the last 18 months, there was a time when many companies weren't giving guidance. And we've tried to be as transparent as we possibly can all throughout this. We're clearly pleased with the first half of the year. We're pleased with the top line performance. But as we look to the second half of the year, we did slightly raise the guidance that we have for the top line. But again, the types of performances we've had in emerging markets have been quite elevated. And we're trying to do a center cut down the middle of the fairway. Do we hope to do better? We certainly always hope to do better. But we're trying to give the best possible outlook that we can, given what is still an incredibly uncertain environment. I mean, just a few weeks ago, you wouldn't have forecast a type of Delta variant and pandemic disruptions that we're seeing again in North America.
Michael Lavery: So apart from some of just uncertainty and -- especially COVID and/or emerging market-related, there's not a specific headwind to watch out for, it's just recognizing some of those moving parts?
Amit Banati: Yes. The only other thing I'd say is that our at-home demand is decelerating, right? We saw that from quarter one into quarter two. So if you look at our 2-year CAGRs, right, it was 6% in quarter one, it's 4.5% in quarter two. So you are seeing the deceleration of demand at home. So that's built into our outlook as well that we'd continue to see that. Now I think to Steve's point, right, depending on how the pandemic plays out and the twists and turns, it's hard to forecast that.
Operator: The next question is from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Actually a question about your manufacturing facilities. I mean you mentioned on 2 things. First, in the U.S. Cereal, you had some issues there. So just wanted to understand what is the missed opportunity in terms of sales occurred in the second quarter? And how long do you think that will last? And then, I mean, you mentioned in your remarks as well, you had to shut down some facilities in emerging countries. So I'd like to understand where that is and what it is, and if there is additional risk coming into the third quarter?
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Laurent, thanks for the question. I'd say the supply disruptions that we're seeing are the same things that many in the industry are seeing, everything from a shortage of labor, which is quite challenging. Shortage of even things like pallets. So the whole supply chain was disrupted. And much of that, you can point to China went into lockdown, obviously, very early in the pandemic and was the first out, recovered quite quickly and sucked up a lot of resource, and it's really created supply imbalances throughout the world that everybody has had to deal with, and we've had to deal with inside North America. During that time, we're also adding capacity. We've successfully added capacity throughout the world. We had what we call a vertical start-up of our Pringles line in Poland, which was done very successfully. So we have been able to add capacity. In some areas in North America, it's been a little bit slowed because of some of these supply disruptions. And so we haven't been able to get the level of capacity as quickly as we would want. But it's all in our outlook. So as we talk about the second half of the year and what we expect in the second half of the year, we're doing our best to forecast these types of disruptions and this type of slowed activity relative to a nonpandemic world.
Laurent Grandet: Yes. Can you specify? I mean the manufacturing facility that you had to close, in which countries and what type of business you have to close out in emerging market?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think, Malaysia has seen a spike in the Delta variant in the last few weeks. And we have a manufacturing facility there in Malaysia of Pringles. So that line of production there was impacted, but the teams have done a remarkable job to get us back up and running. But we did see some disruption in the quarter. And South Africa, again, we've got a manufacturing location there, and there was some civil strikes and so that impacted production. But I think it's just with the COVID restrictions and with COVID continuing to rage, right, in many of these markets, right, we see these supply restrictions and restrictions on movement coming through.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe: I just had a question for you on North American cereal. Obviously, it sounds like capacity is still a bit of an issue there. So I'm just curious how your share performed ex Frosted Flakes? It sounds like that's the one that's really causing the issues. And then when do you think you can get that back to a more normal promotional environment, I guess, for that brand?
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. Off the top of my head, Frosted Flakes did make up probably more than half of our share loss. And much of that was still not getting back to the levels of commercial activity that we would like. And so we've talked about it in the back half of the year, getting that going again. I did mention a fire in one of our facilities. That will affect Frosted Flakes as well as some of our other brands, but the team is working very, very swiftly and quickly to get that back up to speed. So we're not -- you've heard me say in the past, we're not happy about losing share in U.S. Cereal. We believe it's not going to be a long-term -- or a continuing trend, but we've got work to do to get there. The other thing I'd just remind everybody is, obviously, we've got a lot of other businesses besides U.S. Cereal. It's an important business for us, but it is less than 1/5 of our total global portfolio.
Christopher Growe: That's a good point there. I had one quick follow-up for Amit, if I could, please, which is last quarter, I think you had indicated you were pretty well hedged on your input cost. Could you give us an update on that? And if I could just add a bit of follow-on. The inflation you're seeing right now, is this on -- primarily on inputs where you're not hedged? Is that where we're seeing some of the incremental inflation come through?
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think, our hedging, we're almost now fully hedged for the year, as you'd expect at this time of the year. So I think from a hedging standpoint, for the year, for '21, we're almost fully hedged. I think in terms of inflation, we've seen a little bit of inflation on our commodities. But I think the area that's turned inflationary is packaging, on flexible scans. So that has turned inflationary since our last outlook. And then I think the comment I made earlier around freight, we're seeing freight rates continue to rise. And more importantly, there are widespread shortages. And so just securing the supply of freight, right, is coming at much higher rates than what we had expected. And so I think those are the areas that we're seeing higher costs come through. And then the other one, which is hard to forecast is just the labor shortages. And that's kind of through the supply chain. So those are the areas that we are seeing higher costs come through.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: I have a couple of questions. The first is, if your sales do over-deliver in the back half because COVID ends up maybe benefiting you more than you think, would those incremental sales still be profitable? Or are they much less profitable, because the cost to deliver is really high? So that's the first thing. And then the second question is, North America snacks decelerated to 2% on a 2-year CAGR in the quarter. I think your snack peers are growing at a stronger rate than that. Were you surprised by the amount of decel? Did something hold it back in the quarter?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So Rob, I'll start, and Amit can add color. On the first question, I would say, if you look at our first half performance, obviously, a strong top line helped us mitigate a very inflationary environment. And I think that's illustrative of any over-delivery. We would -- it's always going to be profitable. But there's clearly a cost challenge. And I think Amit pointed out in his prepared remarks, when we look at margins, we're still looking at 2019 as a decent base year, and it's likely will come in slightly below that, but the gross profit dollars will be significantly greater. And so that's the way we're thinking. We're always looking for profitable sales. But clearly, there's a lot of cost challenges, we'll try and deliver the best possible P&L shape that we can. And obviously, profitable sales are -- clearly continue to be important.
Amit Banati: And I think just on your U.S. Snacks question. If you look at our first half, right, the 2-year CAGRs are around 4%. I think between the quarters, between quarter one and quarter two, there was some shipment timing. And also these -- remember, these numbers include the away-from-home channel as well, which continues to be impacted. I mean, it's moderating, but it's still below 2019 levels. So I think from an overall consumption standpoint, we're pleased with the consumption that we're seeing and the momentum that we are seeing in our snacks brands in the U.S.
Operator: The next question is from Eric Larson with Seaport Research Partners.
Eric Larson: I have two real quick questions. The first is thank you for framing all your big brands and the size of those brands and the household penetration. The question I have on that is, you showed the incremental household penetration since COVID, but you don't really give the overall ACV penetration. And some of these brands are international. So it's hard for us to measure some of that. But can you make a case here for continued distribution gains as part of your overall revenue growth thesis?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Eric, thanks for the question. I think, obviously, we all look at the syndicated data. And it is limited to mostly developed markets, less so in developing markets. And distribution opportunities remain important for us, obviously, very important, and are different based on the maturity of the brands. And so if you look at our ACV distribution for our snacks and cereal business in the U.S., obviously very high. And then we'll look to add weighted ACV distribution as we look to launch new innovations, and we track that very closely. And so it's a clear important metric for us. And then with respect to -- what was the second part of the question? The -- oh, penetration. Yes. So we're looking at categories for us that are already very highly penetrated. And so if you look at the penetration gains we've had, we did see penetration gains across our portfolio in our developed markets. And we saw even more of that COVID lift coming from buy rates, though. And so increased household penetration is important. But obviously, looking at buy rates is equally, if not more important, when you're talking about categories which are already quite highly penetrated like U.S. Cereal and U.S. Snacks.
Eric Larson: Okay. And then my second question is you showed a gradual improvement in your eating away-from-home sales and in the industries that you compete in. And I know you have large exposure to universities and hotels, et cetera. Can you give us -- can you frame us where you are over or under indexed in your eating away-from-home channel penetration, so that as the economy reopens, et cetera, we know where you have your best leverage in your food service sales?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So Eric, I'd say we're seeing all of it come back, but at different rates. We're over-indexed really in travel and lodging, schools, convenience stores, and they're coming back at different rates. So C-stores are coming back faster. Schools, we'll see. We'll see -- right now schools are starting in many parts of the world. And what happens there remains to be seen, but it looks like it will be coming back. Travel and lodging coming back slower and particularly business travel. But then you obviously see leisure travel and the airline starting to fill up planes again. So that seems to be coming back as well. And so it's very uneven, but by and large, coming back, as we said. Now as I said earlier, there's still a degree of uncertainty based on what's happening with the pandemic right now, and it's still below 2019 levels. So not yet close to where we were prepandemic.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: I guess the question I have, and you've talked about it a bit, but I'm still trying to better understand how much of the implied second half deceleration is really just prudent on your part, because of the uncertainty you've talked about versus things you have firmer line of sight to. Because as you've talked about the first half versus '19 was about 5%, some deceleration 1Q to 2Q, but we also had some shipment timing in there. So maybe not as stark as it looks. But the back half has implied essentially at 1% 2-year CAGR versus '19. So it's a pretty stark deceleration. And again, I'm just trying to figure out how much of that you actually have some line of sight to versus things that you're just pumping the brakes on just from an expectation standpoint.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Steve. I'd say, again, very pleased with the first half performance. As we think about the second half performance, as Amit mentioned, we are seeing decelerating at-home demand. And so we've taken that into account. We've also taken into account the strong delivery in emerging markets and the likelihood that -- continuing that type of performance would be great. But obviously, we're trying to be prudent, and we're trying to be cautious based on supply disruptions that we have seen in the first half that could happen again in the second half. And as I said before, of course, we aim to over-deliver. We hope to over-deliver. But we're trying to take a prudent approach, given the degree of uncertainty that we still see and the trend in deceleration that is, in fact, real. And again, we hope to over-deliver, but this is what we felt was a pretty transparent and fair bit of guidance.
John Renwick: Operator, I think we have time for one more.
Operator: And that question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: I guess I too wanted to come at the implicit growth challenges in the back half, but I think we've beat that horse pretty aggressively. So let me zoom in a little bit into the U.S. Frozen business or North American frozen business. I guess I'm surprised, Steve, you showed in your prepared remarks the slides showing that 2-year stack growth on MorningStar Farms is slowing. And this quarter, you delivered shipments for frozen that are only marginally above where you were in 2019, based on the decline that you posted, the organic sales decline this quarter. So it begs the question of what's happening there? I would have thought that would be a growth engine with accelerating momentum, not deceleration. Is this a sign that maybe Incogmeato and your efforts in MorningStar Farms are beginning to fall flat?
Steven Cahillane: No, Jason, far from it. MorningStar Farms continues to be a very exciting category for us, a very exciting brand for us. Underlying consumption is strong on a 1-year and 2-year basis. And Incogmeato -- to put it in perspective, Incogmeato entered a category -- the refrigerated category, which is very exciting, incredibly competitive with lots of entrants coming in, and it's growing share in distribution as we speak. If you look at the last year -- last 4 weeks, syndicated data, it's over a 2- share right now. And so would we like to be even higher than that? Of course, we would. But it's a very competitive category. MorningStar Farms is the leader in the category. And again, underlying 2-year stacked consumption is very good. So we stand by the performance of MorningStar Farms, what the team is doing. And far from falling flat, I think it's doing quite well. Strong growth beyond burgers as well in chicken and others.
Jason English: So is it shipment timing or something else that's driven such a weak sales quarter?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think the shipment timing. I mean the overall consumption remains strong. And then I think within the shipment, you've got the away-from-home, as well, dynamic playing through. So -- but when you kind of look at retail consumption, it's strong.
Jason English: Congrats on a good quarter.
Steven Cahillane: Thank you, Jason.
Amit Banati: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to John Renwick for any closing remarks.
John Renwick: Thanks, everyone, for your interest. And if you do have follow-up questions, please do not hesitate to call us.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company’s First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks there will be a question-and-answer session with the publishing analysts. Please note, this event is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company.
John Renwick: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our first quarter 2021 results as well as an update regarding our outlook for the full-year 2021. I’m joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer. Slide number 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company’s future performance, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. This is a particular note during the current COVID-19 pandemic when the length and severity of the crisis and resultant economic and business impacts are so difficult to predict. A recording of today’s webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of kelloggcompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. And now I will turn it over to Steve.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I hope you and your families are doing well and staying healthy. Here at Kellogg, I’m continuously impressed by the way our organization has remained focused and engaged in executing through what are undeniably challenging circumstances, both at work and at home. Keeping employees safe remains job number one. And in quarter one; we continued to execute safety protocols while following the guidance of local health authorities. Supplying the world with food continued to require agility, including temporary labor and incremental capacity. And of course, we continue to actively support our communities. After all, the pandemic is not behind us. In fact, in some parts of the world, we are seeing it accelerate, and our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected. Turning to Slide 6. Our deploy for balanced growth strategy remains as relevant and effective as ever during this pandemic. Its growth boosters continue to do their job. As much as anything else, this pandemic has prompted a shift in eating occasions. Our focus on occasions continue to be evident in the first quarter in our tailored consumer messaging and an innovation geared towards specific occasions. The portfolio that we have shaped toward growth has benefited from balance of convenient meals, snacking that can be done at home, plant-based foods and sustained growth in emerging markets. Our building of world-class brands has been evident in our commitment to continued equity building communication as well as leveraging our data and analytics to devise creative ways to reach new consumers and sustain momentum in the marketplace. And our commitment to perfect service, perfect store, tested by the sudden and sharp rise in demand has forced us to get creative around ways to increase throughput, even if it meant temporarily holding back and merchandising activity to ensure inventory and incurring incremental logistics cost to get food to our customers. And we continue to grow rapidly in e-commerce, leveraging our enhanced capabilities there. Environmental, social and governance is not a new area of focus for Kellogg. It has been embedded in our history and strategy for a long, long time. Our ESG oriented better days boosters always a key element of our strategy, have become more important to our communities, employees, customers and consumers. At CAGNY, a few months ago, we discussed our global better days purpose and strategy and on Slide #7, you can see that we continue to progress in this area, addressing the interconnected issues of health, hunger relief and climate. On nourishing with our foods, we have continued to innovate and renovate our foods, providing choices across wellness and indulgence and during the quarter, our Kashi became the first organic cereal to be authorized for the women, infants and children program in the United States. On feeding people in need, we have remained in an elevated level of donations making accelerated progress toward our goal of feeding 375 million families. During the first quarter, Pop-Tarts joined with the United Way to raise money for school vegetable gardens. On nurturing our planet, we announced during the first quarter, our commitment to achieve over 50% renewable electricity to address Kellogg manufacturing globally by the end of 2022, and we celebrated women farmers as part of International Women’s Day. And under living our founders’ values, we launched in the first quarter our new equity, diversity and inclusion vision and strategy to all employees in all four regions. Aligned with those values, we launched a campaign called a Call for Food Justice in Black Communities in partnership with World Food Program U.S.A., tied to some of our biggest brands, including Special K, Morningstar Farms, Kashi and Eggo. Our strategy and execution led to another good quarter, as highlighted on Slide #8. At home demand remained elevated, more than offsetting continued softness in away-from-home channels and on the go occasions. Our biggest brands continued to show strong momentum, aided by sustained consumer communication and innovation activity. There why we gained share in most of our key markets and categories around the world. We continue to bring on our planned capacity increases, which will continue to relieve supply tightness and enable us to return to normal levels of merchandising activity as we get through the first half of the year. Our emerging markets businesses accelerated their growth, proving their metal in what are challenging conditions. From a financial perspective, we continue to seek and deliver balanced financial results. The kind we achieved in 2020, and that is what we did again in the first quarter. Strong net sales growth, even despite lapping last year is pandemic-related surge, and we delivered this organic growth across all four regions and all four global category groups for a fifth consecutive quarter. Positive price mix, reflecting revenue growth management actions made all the more important by the recent rise in input cost inflation. Gross profit margin improved year-on-year despite higher costs and faster growth in our emerging markets, including our distributor business in West Africa. Operating profit increased year-on-year despite lapping last year is strong growth ex divestiture, driven by top line momentum and despite a year-on-year increase in brand investment. Cash flow remained strong, and we were able to accelerate share buybacks into the first quarter. So a very good start to 2021 with the potential to put us a little ahead of where we thought we would be through the first half and its extremely difficult comparisons. This enables us to raise the full-year guidance we provided for you in February even amidst what is undeniably an uncertain business environment. So with that, let me turn it over to Amit, who will take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Slide 10 offers an at-a-glance summary of our financial results for the first quarter. As you can see, they are quite strong. Particularly when considering the year ago growth they were lapping. Specifically, last year is first quarter featured 8% organic growth on net sales and operating profit that grew roughly 8% excluding the impact of the prior year is divestiture. So we generated very good growth on growth. Net sales grew on a one year and a two-year basis. In developed markets, it was aided by shipment timing and at home demand remaining elevated, partially offset by continued softness in away-from-home channels. In emerging markets, we generated sales performance that was better than expected. Currency-neutral adjusted basis operating profit grew on a one year and a two-year basis, driven by the net sales growth and expansion in gross profit margin and good discipline on overhead, all of which more than offset a year-on-year increase in brand building. Clearly, we are seeing good operating leverage from our strong top line growth. Currency-neutral adjusted basis, earnings per share grew on a one-year and a two-year basis despite a higher effective tax rate. And in what is typically our lightest quarter for cash flow, it was stronger than I anticipated for the quarter. Of course, it is down from last year is unusually high first quarter cash flow but as you can see, it is ahead of the pre pandemic 2019 level. Let’s look at these metrics in a little more detail. Slide 11 breaks quarter one net sales growth into its components. Volume declined against last year is math surge, but it was up on a two-year basis. At home demand remained elevated. Emerging markets sustained momentum and we did see favorable timing of shipments in the U.S. as expected. Price/mix was again positive, which is important given the accelerated cost inflation we are seeing. During quarter one, we saw positive pricing in all four regions, reflecting revenue growth management initiatives, and we also saw an overall mix shift back towards snacks. Currency translation was a slight positive in the quarter. As we look to the remainder of 2021, we still expect to see a moderating top line. We faced our toughest volume comparison in quarter two, and we are assuming continued deceleration in at home demand. Slide 12 offers some perspective on our profit margins which held up very well in spite of higher costs. Our gross profit margin in quarter one improved on a one-year and a two-year basis as productivity and price realization were effective at covering accelerated input cost inflation as well as incremental COVID costs against only a partial quarter of those costs in the year-earlier quarter. We also more than offset a mix shift towards emerging markets and particularly towards our distributor business in West Africa. The flow-through of this higher gross profit margin led to an increase in operating profit margin as well as decreased overhead balanced out a high single-digit increase in brand building. The brand building increase reflects the phasing of our commercial plans relative to last year is modest decrease in quarter one at the onset of the pandemic. Even with this year-on-year increase in brand building, we still grew operating profit at a double-digit rate this quarter. As we look to the rest of the year, we obviously faced our toughest gross profit margin comparison in quarter two due to last year is outsized operating leverage that produce, by far the highest gross profit margin over the past couple of years, as you can see on the slide. In the second half, we are working to hold our margin as close as possible to year ago levels. In spite of our mix shift towards emerging markets and accelerated cost inflation. Further down the P&L, we faced our toughest comparison on brand building in quarter two as well. Because last year is quarter two was when we delayed significant brand investment to the second half. That second half investment helped create the momentum we are seeing today. But we return to more typical levels of brand investment in this year is second half. Turning to the remainder of the income statement and Slide 13, we see that our below the line items were relatively neutral to earnings per share in quarter one. As expected, interest expense decreased year-on-year on lower debt and this will continue for the remainder of the year, with quarter four, additionally lapping the nonrecurring $20 million debt redemption expense we recorded last year. Other income was lower year-on-year and modestly lower than what should be its quarterly run rate for the rest of the year. Our effective tax rate of 22.7% was higher than last year is relatively low level and should still turn out to be around 22.5% for the full-year. Average shares outstanding were flattish year-on-year, with the impact of quarter one’s accelerated buybacks to be more pronounced in the coming quarters, resulting in a full-year average shares outstanding that is a little more than 0.5% lower than 2020. Turning to our cash flow on Slide 14. We had a strong start to the year and maintained good financial flexibility. As expected, our cash flow in quarter one was lower than quarter one 2020’s unusually high level, not because of net earnings or working capital both of which were favorable year-on-year, but because of year-on-year swings in accruals and other balance sheet items as well as lapping last year is delayed capital expenditure. However, as you can see on the chart, quarter one 2021’s cash flow was well above that of quarter one 2019 in what is always our lightest cash flow quarter of the year. Net debt is lower year-on-year, even despite our resumption of share buybacks, and we like the state of our balance sheet. As we look to the rest of the year, cash flow will likely remain below last year is COVID-aided levels but still well above 2019 levels. And between our share buybacks, which we were able to accelerate into the first quarter and an increased dividend, we are meaningfully increasing the cash returned to shareowners. I will conclude with a discussion about full-year guidance shown on Slide 15. As Steve mentioned, our strong quarter one performance gives us the confidence to raise our guidance this early in the year. Specifically, our guidance for full-year organic net sales growth moves up to approximately flat year-on-year from our previous guidance of about negative 1%. This would equate to closer to 3% growth on our two-year compound annual growth rate, effectively eliminating the noise of lapping last year is COVID-related surge. Our guidance for currency-neutral adjusted basis operating profit improves a decline of about 1% to 2% year-on-year versus our previous guidance of minus 2%. This equates to closer to 4% growth on a two-year CAGR basis, excluding our divested businesses from the 2019 base. Our guidance for currency-neutral adjusted basis earnings per share increases to growth of about 1% to 2% year-on-year versus our previous guidance of up 1%. And this equates to something around 5% growth on a two-year CAGR basis, excluding our thins divested businesses from the 2019 base. And our guidance for cash flow moves up to a range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion versus our previous guidance of approximately $1.1 billion. We think this guidance is prudent, given that it is early in the year and given a business environment that is somewhat uncertain in terms of pandemic impacts and cost inflation. Obviously, we are pleased with our start to the year. We are in strong financial condition. Our brands and regions are performing well. And we are solidly on track for continued balanced financial delivery on a two-year basis. And with that, let me turn it back to Steve for a review of our major businesses.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. I will start with a quick review of the quarter one results of each of our regions, and then I will go a little deeper into some of our key brands and categories. The region’s net sales and operating profit growth rates in quarter one are shown on Slide 17. You can see that our growth was broad-based, particularly on the more meaningful two-year growth rates. In North America, our organic net sales grew on top of last year is high-growth with elevated at home consumption and strong momentum in key brands as well as favorable timing of shipments between quarters partially offset by continued softness in away-from-home channels. Operating profit also increased year-on-year despite tough underlying comparisons. The two-year trends only further confirmed that this business got off to a good start to the year. Our business in Europe had another good quarter. Its solid one-year organic net sales growth was on top of last year is strong growth, and it was led by accelerated growth in Pringles, resulting operating leverage produced strong operating profit growth. In Latin America, our strong organic net sales growth was driven by Pringles and cereal and the result in operating leverage boosted operating profit as well. Macro conditions in this region are challenging. So this was a terrific way to start the year. And in EMEA, our strong organic net sales growth was led by Multipro, the distributor portion of our business in West Africa, and across the region by Pringles, cereal and noodles, leading to outstanding growth in operating profit as well. Now let’s go a little deeper in some of our categories, markets and channels. We will start with our global category groups, as shown on Slide #18. As you can see from the chart, we grew all four category groups on both a one-year and two-year basis during quarter one despite lapping last year is COVID-related surge and despite continued softness in away-from-home channels. Our largest global category snacks, sustained growth in the first quarter on both a one-year and two-year basis with growth in all four regions, and that is despite the on the go nature of many of its foods and pack formats. This is a testament to the strength of our snacks brands as well as to our ability to adapt messaging and pack formats to current at home occasions. In cereal, we also recorded growth on both a one-year and two-year basis. We saw notable strength in Europe with share gains led by power brands like Tresor and Crunchy Nut. We posted broad-based growth in Latin America with share gains in key markets led by corn flakes. We also recorded strong growth and share performance in EMEA, where our master brand approach is working well in Asia and innovation activity is contributing across the region. As expected, we had a slow start in the U.S. as we limited merchandising activity on supply-constrained brands, but this should improve in the second half as new capacity comes online. Frozen Foods also grew net sales on both a one-year and two-year basis. This predominantly North America business sustained momentum in both Eggo and especially Morningstar Farms, and I will come back to each of them in a moment. And our noodles and other business, which is predominantly in Africa, continue to generate rapid growth both on a one-year and two-year basis as well, with annual net sales approaching $1 billion, this is going to be a growth contributor for some time. So both on a region basis and a category basis, our reshaped portfolio clearly offers growth and diversification. And within each of these regions and categories are world-class brands that continue to grow. Let’s take a look at a few of these important brands. We will start with our largest global brand, Pringles, whose consumption trends for its biggest markets in each of our four regions are shown on Slide 19. This is more than a $2 billion global brand that has demonstrated exceptional momentum for some time in all four regions. During quarter one, this momentum continued with Pringle sustaining growth on top of very strong year ago growth. This was driven by effective brand building, including the incremental consumer communication we did in late 2020, plus important consumer activations in the first quarter, such as our Super Bowl campaign in the U.S. and our gaming oriented commercial activations in Europe. The growth was also augmented by innovation launches including our more intense flavors under the scorching and sub-lines in the U.S. and U.K., respectively, as well as uniquely local flavors in Asian markets. All of these innovations are off to great starts. It is also aided by increased local production in emerging markets, notably in Brazil, where this relatively new local capacity is enabling exceptional growth. Pringles is truly a world-class brand performing extremely well. Here is another really incredible brand, Cheez-It, shown on Slide 20. Its U.S. consumption and share growth has been exceptional over the last several years, and it has continued in the first quarter. The base product line continues to perform well, helped by effective advertising and sports-related activations as well as new flavors and a reformulation of the Grubes sub line. Meanwhile, the Snap sub line is providing incremental growth enough that we had to add capacity in 2020 in only its second year since launch. And Cheez-It is no longer solely a U.S. brand. We expanded into Canada last year. And during the first quarter, it continued to grow rapidly. And in the first quarter, we brought Cheez-It to Brazil, where it is off to a very good start. This is more than $1 billion-plus retail sales brand that continues to outpace its category in the U.S. and one we have begun to expand internationally. And before we move on from our snacks discussion, I want to point out two other power brands in our Snacks portfolio, shown on Slide 21. The since the outbreak of the pandemic, the portable wholesome snacks category has been declining due to fewer on the go occasions. We have continued to gain share of this category, largely because of two brands that have been able to grow their at home consumption. Pop-Tarts continued to post growth on a two-year basis in quarter one, lapping last year is extremely large growth and sustaining multiyear growth momentum. Rice Krispies Treats consumption and share growth has been impressive over the last several years. And this momentum has continued in quarter one, aided by the launch of new home style treats, again, big brands, sustaining momentum. Let’s turn to cereal markets and brands on Slide 22. Behind our one-year and two-year growth in global cereal net sales in the first quarter are strong performances by key brands in key markets. The chart shows our largest international markets of each region, with consumption growth on a two-year basis to avoid distortion from lapping last year is surge in March and share performance on a one-year basis to show how we are competing. In Europe, we have outpaced the category with share gains in key markets like the U.K. which was propelled by power brands like Crunchy Nut and all brand. And in other European markets, we saw particular strength in global brands like Tresor our largest cereal brand in Europe and Extra, a key wellness oriented brand internationally for us. In Canada, where the category got more immediate lift than we did in the year ago quarter, we outpaced the category in this year is first quarter on the strength of brands like global brand, all brand and local jewel vector. We recorded strong growth in share performance in EMEA, led by our largest cereal market in that region, Australia. The outperformance was led by global brands like our Australian version of Raisin Bran as well as local jewels like our wellness oriented Just Right. We saw broad-based cereal growth in Latin America, where we continued to gain share in key markets like Mexico, Brazil, Puerto Rico and Central America. In Mexico, you can see the strong share performance was driven by big brands like Corn Flakes, and Choco Krispies and across the region; our growth was aided by strong innovation. In short, we are seeing the impact of strong brands and strong execution in all of these markets. Let’s discuss U.S. cereal for a moment, shown on Slide 23. As expected, we experienced a slow start in this market as we limited merchandising activity on supply-constrained brands. In scanner data, you can see this in our larger than category decline in percent of volumes sold on promotion. We will be caught up on supply and capacity around midyear, as we have mentioned previously. But in the first quarter, those supply-constrained brands, Frosted Flakes and Fruit Loops two of the stronger brands in the category accounted for all and more of our share decrease in the first quarter. Excluding them, our consumption kept pace with the category. So our underlying business remains in good shape. We are very pleased with our innovation, which not only outpaced the category’s innovation in the first quarter, but is showing very strong velocities already. This includes additions to the Jumbo Snacks line we successfully launched last year as well as Mini-Wheats Cinema rolled, Little Debbie, Special K blueberries and Keto-friendly Kashi Go offerings. So we get back up to adequate supply and capacity and return to a normal commercial calendar particularly in the second half, we expect our U.S. cereal performance to improve and perform like our other big developed markets. Slide 24 calls out another big brand and is sustaining growth on a two-year basis. Eggo’s reliable growth in consumption over the past few years accelerated to nearly 17% in 2020, and gaining nearly two points of share, but leaving us very tight on capacity. In quarter one, Eggo sustained strong two-year growth of plus 5% despite capacity limiting its upside. This is one of the brands for which we are freeing up capacity over the course of this year. And when you add in Kashi, our overall from the griddle consumption outpaced the category on that two-year CAGR basis. Eggo is in really good shape with more capacity coming on. With effective advertising and promising innovation on the way, this is a nearly $1 billion retail sales brand with an outlook for sustained growth. And even better growth is being generated by our leading plant-based brand, Morningstar Farms, shown on Slide 25. Our overall Morningstar Farms brand franchise is over $400 million in retail sales and is poised to sustain strong growth for years to come. This brand’s consumption growth in the first quarter, even on a one-year basis, added to its multiyear growth trend. And with incremental capacity in place, this brand gained share as well. There is no question that consumers are becoming more aware and interested in plant based foods. Morningstar Farms has increased its household penetration in the last year to a level that remains well above any of our competitors. And yet is still only 8%, suggesting significant room to expand. Morningstar Farms is also unique in the breadth of its offerings. This is evident in our share gains across a spectrum of segments in quarter one, ranging from breakfast meats, to breakfast handhelds to sausage to poultry. Our new line is created a whole other occasion for plant based foods. And now we are reaching an expanded consumer base. Our recently launched Incogmeato by Morningstar Farm sub-brand is aimed at incremental flexitarian consumers. It continues to expand retail distribution, both in the refrigerated and frozen isles and it continues to add food service customers. It is early days, but Incogmeato is great food and is showing a lot of promise. Just this week, the National Restaurant Association awarded 2021 Fabby awards for the year is most delicious, unique and exciting food for restaurant operators and consumers. Among those awarded were three Incogmeato products, homestyle chicken tenders, Italian sausage and original broad worst as well as an iconic veg forward offering, Morningstar Farms Chipotle Black Bean Burger. Simply put, Morningstar Farms is the largest brand with the highest penetration, the broadest portfolio and the most occasions in this plant-based category. So we are realizing good underlying momentum across our major category groups and led by world Class brands. Let’s now shift our discussion to geographic markets. Specifically, our emerging markets, highlighted on Slide 26. Emerging markets accounted for more than 20% of our net sales last year, among the highest percentages in our peer group. This is important because these markets represent outstanding long-term growth prospects for packaged food, owing to their population growth, and expanding middle classes. In 2020, despite COVID-related shutdowns of retailers in schools, economic disruption from depressed oil prices and even bouts of political and social unrest. Our geographically diverse emerging markets businesses actually accelerated their net sales growth. This is a credit to our product portfolios, our brand strength, our local supply chains and experienced management teams in these markets. And in the first quarter of this year, despite lapping an unusually strong year ago quarter, we sustained this momentum, even accelerating again. In Africa, our Multipro distributor business grew more than 20% year-on-year in quarter one, even as it lapped strong high-teens growth in the year earlier quarter, and we also continue to grow our Kellogg’s branded noodles business. In Asia, we sustained double-digit growth in Pringles and cereal. In Russia, we recorded double-digit organic growth in cereal and in snacks. And Latin America’s strong quarter one growth was broad-based and led by cereal in Mexico and Pringles in Brazil. And let’s finish up with a couple of channels to call out on Slide 27. In the first quarter, we sustained tremendous growth momentum in e-commerce. The investments we had made in this channel, everything from reorganizing around it, bringing in external talent and development capabilities paid off in a big way in 2020 when our e-commerce sales doubled year-on-year. And in the first quarter, our growth was about 75% even as it lapped the year ago quarter’s acceleration. This is a shopper behavior that is likely to stick. Now roughly 7% of our total company sales, we know that our brands and categories play well in this channel, and we are building this business for the long term. Of course, on the other end of the spectrum, during the pandemic are away-from-home channels, which have declined sharply amidst shutdowns and restrictions. The slide shows that our U.S. away-from-home business continued to moderate its declines as measured on an average two-year basis to better gauge the trend. Important to know is that we have not been sitting still waiting for consumer mobility to resume and away-from-home outlets to reopen. We have been actively securing future business, signing up new accounts for brands ranging from Rx to Morningstar Farms and Incogmeato. These actions today will pay off well into the future. Let’s wrap up with a brief summary on Slide number 29. Quarter one 2021 was yet another quarter of good performance and investment in the future. We have sustained strong momentum in most of our biggest world class brands, never having let up an innovation or communication with consumers. We are unlocking capacity so we can resume full commercial activity in some of the foods and brands that had reached capacity limitations after good growth in recent years and acceleration since the pandemic. This added capacity will continue to come on stream during the year, continuing to improve service levels and return to full merchandising activity with our retail partners. Our emerging markets have not only managed through challenging macro environments over the past year, they’ve actually accelerated their growth. And we continue to build scale in these long-term growth markets. We are leveraging capabilities that we have been enhancing over the past few years from data and analytics to e-commerce to innovation. These capabilities have only become even more important since the pandemic. Our cash flow and balance sheet are strong, and we have increased cash return to share owners while maintaining financial flexibility. Our results for quarter one were particularly strong, but more importantly, they reflected high-quality balanced financial delivery. We sustained net sales growth, expanded gross profit margin, remain disciplined on overhead and invested behind our brands and still delivered growth in operating profit and earnings per share, leading to strong cash flow. All of which adds up to an early increase in our full-year outlook. As always, I want to salute our 31,000 employees whose dedication and creativity have made this performance possible despite the most challenging business conditions. And with that, we would be happy to take any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: The question about the 2021 guidance and the implications of that. You had a 3% two-year CAGR that is implied by that. And obviously, this has been an unusual year in 2021. Even if we look past 2020, there is still some COVID related factors. You mentioned supply chain. I think you would take a 3% organic growth rate most years. But could you maybe talk about that 3% CAGR? What has sort of been a tailwind? What has been headwinds? And how would we think about that as you are really executing this turnaround plan, like how you are basically setting up for 2022 and beyond?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, David. I will start, and Amit can build. But what I would say is it is important to look at those two year CAGRs, as you point out, that is what we have been talking about because 2020 was such an unusual year. Right. But what’s underlying our confidence in that CAGR is the brand performances that we talked about as we went through the prepared remarks. Our snacks business, our frozen business, our veg business, our international business, our emerging markets business, all performing very strong and if you think about our new guidance for 2021, essentially, just from a top line basis, we are saying flat. So what many companies thought of 2020 when there were COVID beneficiaries would be a high watermark is, in fact, we are going to lap that. And so that is because of the strength of our brands, the execution in the marketplace and the plans that we have put in place. So Amit, do you want to…
Amit Banati: Yes. I think it reflects the strength of our portfolio, and you are seeing that come through I think from a pure guidance standpoint, we are expecting that elevated demand will moderate a little bit from quarter one. So I think that is what’s built into the guidance. We are expecting growth in emerging markets to sustain, maybe not at the double-digit rates that we saw in quarter one. But certainly, we continue to expect growth in the emerging markets.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Thomas Palmer: It is Tom Palmer on for Ken. Wanted to ask on the inflation picture. So during the prepared remarks, you made mention of rising cost inflation. Could you provide a bit more detail on the inflation you are seeing right now and then what you expect to see as the year plays out and just the timing of your hedges rolling off and then your comfort in terms of offsetting it? I guess, really the major tool, I’m curious about color on is how you think about list pricing. And instituting that this year?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Tom. So what I would say is we have talked about the inflationary environment, which is real. We have also talked about the hedging, and I will let Amit build on that, that we have got in place for the first half of the year as well as the back half of the year. On the pricing front and just the cost pressure front, what I would say is we have a host of tools at our disposal. So we think about the suite of offerings we want to always start with productivity and drive productivity as hard as we possibly can. And then we are going to look to revenue growth management and the tools that we have in revenue growth management, whether they be price package architecture, whether they be pricing, which would include list pricing. All of those are at our disposal. But at the end of the day, we have to earn that price in the marketplace, through investing in our brands, through innovating through putting the types of performances that we have been able to put against our brands, which puts us in a good position to have the confidence to slightly raise our guidance even despite increased cost pressures that are quite real. Amit, do you want to?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think cost for inflation, no question, it is accelerated. I think we are now looking at it being in the high end of the mid- single-digit rate for 2021. We are seeing it across our cost basket from exchange-traded commodities to diesel and energy, ocean freight; we have seen a spike in ocean freight as well. I think all of that has been incorporated into the guidance that we provided today. From a hedging perspective, we are about 76% hedged on the exchange-traded commodities. Obviously, there are other cost pressures outside those as well. But I think we have reflected that in our guidance. And you would have seen that in our quarter one results, we had strong pricing and mix come through. And as Steve mentioned, it is across the whole range of levers, including productivity, including list price increases, including trade optimization and price pack architecture. So the whole suite of revenue growth management tools.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. And just to clarify, where would you have been in the first quarter in terms of that inflationary environment?
Amit Banati: I think similar levels. Though, obviously, it is accelerating through the year. And then obviously, in quarter one, we were in more hedged than in the later part of the year, as you would expect.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: Maybe just to round out that conversation a little bit more. I think you had said on the last quarter that you were targeting 2021 gross margins ahead of 2019 levels. Is that I guess, first off, is that still realistic? Or has that been ratcheted down a bit and you are thinking. And then given that relatively extensive coverage from a hedge position, it would appear, just given the cost curves that we are seeing in the spot market, it implies some residual inflation carrying over into 2022. I don’t know if there is a way you can kind of frame the extent of that carryover to 2022. But I’m really curious about, given that, if I’m right about that outlook, does that does that impact your plans around the timing of pricing or other discretionary spending at all as 2021 progresses.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think our goal is still to expand our gross profit margin on a two-year basis. So I think that is still our goal. And in that context, from a 2021 standpoint, obviously, we were ahead in quarter one. Quarter two is going to be our biggest lap as we lapped last year is outsized operating leverage. And then for the balance of 2021, our goal would be to be as close to flat as possible. So that is kind of the way we are thinking about gross profit margin. Too early to talk about 2022 right now. But certainly, as Steve mentioned, from a revenue growth management standpoint, we are looking at a whole range of tools to offset the inflation that we see.
Operator: The next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: One quick housekeeping question and then a more robust question. First, housekeeping, I thought I heard you say that the markets benefited from shipment timing in the quarter. Am I right? Did I pick that up; can you clarify and provide any sort of quantification?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So we definitely did benefit somewhat from shipment timing. And if you think about - back to quarter one 2020 where U.S. consumption growth exceeded shipments fairly markedly because of the surge. You almost have the mere reflection in quarter one 2021 where the reverse was true, where U.S. net sales growth exceeded consumption. And as we have said many times in the past, consumption is a good guide. It evens out over time. And some of this was clearly borrowed from or taken from quarter four, which we talked about when we did our quarter four call. But that is essentially where the net of Amit, you want to?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think just to build on what Steve said, Jason, in addition to last year is factors and timing versus last year, as we had mentioned in our last call, some of this came from quarter four. Most of it, I would say, the timing came from quarter four. There is been a little bit as it relates to quarter two. So there was some shipment ahead of activities, but most of it came from quarter four.
Jason English: Okay. And then on those activities, Steve, we certainly heard you talk a lot about bringing merchandising activity back to try to get the market share going the right way. How do we think about that in context of the price equation? I mean, the pricing we saw this quarter was phenomenally robust, particularly in EMs, but also in DMs as we think about the glide path forward, net of this more merchandising activity, can you hold the serve like the levels we are looking at or should we expect sort of a migration to net neutral, but how a for the back half of the year, at least within DMs?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. No, thanks, Jason. I would say, obviously, we can’t comment on forward-looking pricing and promotions and so forth. But what we are seeing, what we would expect is a gradual return to normal levels of merchandising activity. As more and more people start to emerge from the pandemic, as capacity for ourselves and others starts to become more normalized. I would just expect that you’ll see a more normal return to levels; I wouldn’t see anything really above that. I wouldn’t see the macro conditions that would drive that. And so yes, I think we can hold serve. And we are off to a good start. It is clear the areas where we want to work on, where we need to work on. And it is clear where we have really good momentum, and we want to continue to push against that as well.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Can you give a sense of how your conversations with retailers are going with respect to pricing? And maybe specifically, are they more sensitive to list pricing and more receptive to other approaches? Or is it similar across the board? Just kind of love to get a temperature check on where they are and how much kind of wiggle room you have from here out?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Michael. So obviously, I’m not going to comment on any specific customers, but we have a mantra here that we talk about all the time, we have to earn the pricing that we get in the marketplace. Clearly, there is an inflationary environment that is real. Clearly that is across broad swaths of the economy. And clearly, there is been a lot of reporting on that. But we approach it with the humility that says we have got to invest in our brands. We have got to bring innovation. We have got to do everything that we can to continue to earn our place in the marketplace. But I would also say, we did raise guidance, and we are talking about holding as close to possible to our gross margins. So that reflects the type of confidence that we have that we will be able to get through this by managing our price, mix, innovation with our customers.
Michael Lavery: And how much can you balance the EBIT margin targets with the brand spending and inflation pressures. Is there some interplay there or do you want to protect the brand spend specifically to allow pricing?
Steven Cahillane: Well, we have said in the past, we like the brand building that we have got in place. We like the levels that we have in place. In the back half of last year, we were very purposeful in saying what we pulled from the second quarter we are putting in the back half of the year because brands need investments. And we kept to our overall budget from last year, although it was back-half weighted, and that clearly gave us momentum as we entered 2021, whether it be the Pringles example in the U.S. and in Europe. But we like our levels of brand building spending. We think they are important. They clearly give us the opportunity to drive our brands. And as I said, earn what we get in the marketplace. And so I think we are well balanced. I think we are confident. Again, we raised our guidance based on that. And it is still very early in the year, so there is a lot of uncertainty at play. But we like the way it is shaped up. We like the way it started, and we like our plan going forward from a brand-building perspective and a profit delivery perspective.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Just a bit of a follow-on to that last answer and to Michael’s question. I guess, just to get a sense of the first quarter profit performance and EPS performance being so much stronger than expected. I guess I want to understand, were there any unique factors. We talked about some maybe some over shipment in relation to consumption. But just to understand kind of how that kind of took hold during the quarter and then the degree to which inflation, I guess, is obviously picking up through the year. Is that picking up more than you expected, such that there is maybe more of a limitation on earnings growth in the remaining quarters. It just seems with this degree of outperformance in the first quarter that it would have led to a stronger performance for the year overall, unless there is some other unique factors I’m not just incorporating here.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Chris. I will start, and Amit can build as well. We did raise guidance, and I think I heard your question, why not more, but we are being prudent. Obviously, we are still in a pandemic, where others are really not even giving guidance beyond the next quarter. We are trying to be as helpful and as transparent as possible. We still have COVID. Obviously, we have lots of challenges in emerging markets based on COVID and other things, but we are off to a good start. And we are confident, and we feel like we can manage all the things that you mentioned, the inflationary environment, the potential disruptions, but we want to be prudent, and we want to be able to deliver what we say we are going to deliver.
Amit Banati: And just to build on that, maybe a couple of additional points. Just on the shape of the year. So I think quarter two is when we have got the biggest lap, right. So if you look at it from a gross margin standpoint, that was the quarter where we saw the operational - the outsized operational leverage come through. So we are going to lap that in quarter two. Our quarter two was also when we delayed our brand-building into the rest of the year. And just if you recall, quarter two operating profit last year, in 2020, was up 24%. So I think that will just give you a sense of the lap ahead of us and just the shape of the year. I think, like I said, from a gross margin standpoint, in the second half, we target to get as close to flat as possible, recognizing that inflation continues to rise and recognizing that we are probably about 76% hedged. And the SG&A comp should moderate in the second half.
Operator: That is next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: So two quick ones from me. First is just a follow-up on some of the inflation and commodity question. I mean, we have heard for some other companies, there has been - with some commodities like soybean oil, for instance, where availability is actually a question. So can you just, I guess, give us some insight in terms of your confidence in the availability or your ability to source the raw materials you need?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think from a sourcing standpoint, we feel very confident in terms of our diverse supplier base. So while, obviously, with ocean freight and containers and the Suez crisis, there is been pressure in the system. But I think from a supply and a security of supply standpoint, we are confident about that.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then, Steve, it is been a few years now since the supply for balanced growth and I know there is been some disruption with COVID over the last year or 13-months or so. But I guess, just stepping back, can you just give us a little bit of insight in terms of like where you think you are maybe ahead of what your expectations would have been, kind of what’s in line? And then maybe just where you still think there is some work to do.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. So I would say we are really where we want to be, right. We are always constructively discontent. We want to do better. We demand of ourselves to do better. But when you think about things like shaping a growth portfolio, that came through and it delivered. The divestiture is behind us. It was a smart thing to do. It was the right thing to do. But you see our emerging markets, you see our snacks brands, you see our many of our portfolio brands really executing well for us. When we think about perfect service and perfect store, built perfectly for the type of pressure that we had to face last year and ongoing and facing this year. We talk about building world-class brands. And we put some investment surges into our brands unapologetically in the past. And because of those things, before the pandemic, I would remind you that we exited the year before the pandemic with 2.7% organic sales growth, right? And we were getting to balance. And then the surge happened and COVID happened. And here we are, we have had this unbelievable sampling opportunity, this reappraisal opportunity, which we have aimed to make the most of but when you look at the two-year stacks and you look at our portfolio and you look at our performance, we are delivering top line growth. We are back to growth reliably and for a lot of quarters now. And we are delivering balanced growth as well. And it is through the strength of our brands and the strength of the execution of our strategy. So we remain eager to do better. We remain hungry, but I think there is no question that deploy for growth has delivered, and we are back to a balanced growth performance.
Amit Banati: I think the only thing I would add is that we delivered balanced delivery last year. Our goal is to grow our gross margin on a two-year basis. And our cash flow convergence. Last year was an exceptional year. But even if you set that aside, our goal is to increase our cash flow conversion. And our new guidance on cash flow would indicate around 75% to 80% conversion.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: The 5% pricing or price mix in the quarter is a lot higher than what I had modeled, and I think others had too. I think the perception was that the pricing from a list basis and maybe revenue growth management, too, would come later in the year as your hedges roll over. Does this mean that you can accelerate pricing even above 5% as the year goes on or is there something unusual about the 5% maybe related to the timing of promotional programs that would indicate that, that is your peak.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think most of the price mix came from pricing in the quarter. And like I mentioned, that was the whole range of tools across all the regions. I think in some of our EMs, we took significant pricing to cover for commodity. And remember, in some of these markets, we have also had transactional ForEx impacts through the back half of 2020 into 2021. So you have seen pricing to offset that come through in the pricing. I think we also benefited from mix. With snacks growth coming back certainly from a mix standpoint, that is a positive. So that is kind of what drove the quarter one results.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So as snacks comes back, that boosts your price mix, but what does it do to your gross margin and operating margin? Is that dilutive to both or just one of those?
Amit Banati: Yes. We don’t get into the by category profitability, but I would say that, yes, I mean, it is kind of at the mix level, at the margin level, it kind of is neutral-ish at the price level, it is accretive.
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Just a quick one, Steve, on the capacity additions that you talked about. I’m curious if you can maybe dimensionalize a little bit how much of that capacity, broadly speaking, would be sort of internal versus, let’s say, leveraging external third-party sources? And really, the reason I ask is just because to the extent that more of the capacity is internal that has the implications for, obviously, your level of conviction around stickiness of demand or elevated levels of demand going forward, let’s say, versus pre pandemic versus if you were doing more of this externally.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. So I would say most of what we talked about is internal capacity, right? Many times, we look to external capacity when we are starting out. So if you look at like a Cheez-It Snap’d line, we might start with the first-line being external, but I got lots of conviction that second-line was internal. And so when we talk about cereal capacity, when we talk about Eggo capacity, we are talking about internal capacity building and expansion. So you can take from that, that there is real conviction. But what I would say is we are not building based on any kind of pandemic that is going to go away. We are building on what we really need, right? And so like others, we operate our capacity pretty tightly, right? And historically, when you are in categories that are growing low single digits, you would expect that, the surge created a whole different set of circumstances but as I said, 2020 is not really going to be our high watermark, right? And so we are going to lap those things in 2021. And we are going to need the capacity to do that in things like certain elements of our ready-to-eat cereal in Eggo, in some of our Cheez-It lines, but we are in pretty good shape. And so it is all embedded in our guidance, and we feel like we have got a good plan.
John Renwick: I think, operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: And that question comes from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Maybe two quick questions. And one, just a quick follow-up from Andrew on capacity. As that comes on, it sounds like increasingly later this year and then into next year, is that just one of the drivers very simplistically as to why you might feel a little bit better on the gross margin side. I mean, I would assume, right as that comes on, third-party goes away, but then maybe there is also a double positive effect by just bringing more in internally off the volume leverage piece?
Steven Cahillane: Not really, Rob. A couple of years ago, when we were doing a lot of on the go. We were attacking the on-the-go occasions, and we did a lot of third party, but we also had a lot of manual work being done, that was the case. But now we are more in a normalized environment where we are building capacity based on increasing demand. So not really.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. Cool. And then just other quickly, just on the EM pricing piece. I know you said right, there is some transactional impact, obviously, and then also on the cost inflation side, it was very high, right, in EMEA, it is impressive. like was there pricing in there that you would say could also have just been opportunistic given what you are seeing across all of those countries within that segment such that you weren’t pricing that much historically, but maybe there was, like you said, some of that brand building could have been targeted to some of the areas within EMEA. And therefore, you kind of stuck in and took maybe a little bit more pricing that FX or cost inflation may have excuse me I suggested. That is it.
Amit Banati: No, I think just looking at the cost situation, commodities, ForEx, and obviously, we have seen inflation in both. So I think trying to preserve your margins while also balancing out volume growth and share, I think, and triangulating between those drivers.
John Renwick: Alright, well that concludes it. Thanks very much, everyone, for your interest. And if you have follow-up questions, please do not hesitate to call us.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session with publishing analysts. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our four quarter and full year 2020 results as well as a discussion regarding our outlook for 2021. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer. Slide 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. And as you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to this third slide of the presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. This is of particular note during the current COVID-19 pandemic when the length and severity of the crisis and resultant economic and business impacts are so difficult to predict. A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of kelloggcompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. And now, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I hope you and your families are holding up well in these turbulent times. Certainly, 2020 was an extraordinary year and I'm incredibly proud of how our organization responded to and executed during a business environment that was anything but business as usual. Keeping our employees safe remains job one and this has required investment and changes to the way we work. Supplying the marketplace with food required agility, contingency planning and creative ways to increase production. Not to mention the courage and dedication of our frontline workers. In aiding our communities a key element of our company's culture and legacy was accelerated during the crisis and it has been especially heartwarming to see our employees giving their time and effort to the cause. We also preserved and improved our financial flexibility. These have been our priorities during the crisis and we've been executing well against all of them. And even while having execute against crisis management priorities, we also over delivered on our financial commitments. We did our best to provide you with guidance during the year despite an uncertain environment. And I trust that transparency was helpful to you. We ended up raising that guidance twice during the year, ultimately hitting or exceeding that guidance with our quarter four and full year results even after absorbing $20 million in one-time costs related to redeeming debt late in the year. This is the kind of dependability we are striving for. We set out this year to return to balance financial growth, meaning balance between top-line growth, margin expansion and cash flow conversion. And sure enough through all the unusual impacts divestiture impact, COVID impacts, 53rd week, we did return to balance financial growth in 2020. Strong organic net sales growth even if you exclude a reasonable estimate for COVID net benefit and expansion in gross profit margin despite incremental COVID-related costs; growth and operating profit even despite losing about six percentage points from the mechanical impact of last year's divestiture; a better than expected increase in cash flow featuring a significantly improved conversion of net income; even excluding COVID net benefits we returned to balance financial growth in 2020 right on schedule. We executed very well in market. The pandemic presented us with a sampling event like none other and we saw increases in household penetration that outpaced most of our categories, giving us an excellent opportunity to communicate to and retain new and lapsed consumers. And we outgrew most of our categories holding or gaining share of categories representing more than 80% of our net sales in those measured markets. Our emerging markets are a key long-term growth driver for us and they represent over 20% of our net sales. In 2020 they were severely tested by pandemic related shutdowns, economic slowdowns, even social unrest and yet they delivered high single digit organic net sales growth for us in 2020, even accelerating from the prior two years growth rates. This is a real testament to our portfolio, our local supply chains and our experienced management teams in these markets. In short, the business performed very well in 2020 and we will take that momentum into 2021. Throughout the crisis, we have been working to ensure that there are lasting impacts from 2020 that should increase confidence in our ability to deliver consistent, dependable balanced growth over time. I'll discuss just a few of them here. One is communicating with new and lapsed households. Rather than giving up on A&P, we couldn't execute in the first half. We shifted that budget and investment to the second half, focusing on advertising to these new and lapsed users. And we've leveraged advanced data and analytics to target those households and occasions. This gives us our best opportunity to retain an expanded consumer base. We know that online shopping for food experienced a step change in 2020. Our triple digit growth in ecommerce sales was made possible by the brands in our portfolio and by our recent years investment in infrastructure and capabilities. This will continue to benefit us. We're investing in our supply chain. This includes sustaining enhanced safety protocols that carry with them higher costs. But the crisis also resulted in us increasing our supply chains agility and reducing complexity with the exiting of certain non-core product lines and tail SKUs. And it accelerated our expansion of capacity in areas that were already tight before this pandemic hit. This two will benefit us in 2021 and beyond. Enhanced financial flexibility is another lasting benefit. Improved cash flow generation and the prioritization of debt reduction resulted in deleveraging our balance sheet faster than we had anticipated. As Amit will discuss in a moment, this financial flexibility puts us in a position to resume dividend increases and share repurchases earlier than previously planned, returning more cash to share owners. And lastly, we remained solidly on track for consistent balanced growth. Even amidst the crisis, our focus was on what is best for sustainable growth. In addition to sustaining our solid top-line growth, we have organizational focus on improving gross profit margin, increasing the return on our brand building investment and discipline on overhead. There will be noise and uncertainty around the pandemic and its impacts. But in the spirit of transparency, we will continue to provide you guidance on our planning stance today. Our guidance for 2021 indicates balanced growth on a two year basis, attempting to smooth out 2020s unusual events and to ensure that we remain on our balanced trajectory. So with that, let me turn it over to Amit, who will take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone. In a year of unprecedented uncertainty, we consistently kept you apprised of our planning stance, raising our guidance twice during the year. And as shown on Slide number nine, we ultimately achieved or exceeded that guidance with the results we announced today. This improving outlook across the year reflected the impact of elevated at home consumption, of course, but it also reflected the strength of our underlying business and our return to balance growth. Let's first review our 2020 results, which are summarized on Slide number 10. As I mentioned, our results for the first quarter came in better than expected, organic net sales growth moderated to 2.5% in quarter four, slightly better than we had forecast and finished the year with 6% growth as guided. Currency neutral adjusted basis operating profit increased slightly year-on-year in the fourth quarter, which was better than we had forecast for a quarter with double-digit, brand building investment, incremental COVID costs and higher performance based compensation. We finished the year with currency neutral adjusted basis, operating profit growth of 3.5%, which is higher than our guidance and includes roughly 6% negative impact from the absence of businesses we divested in 2019. Currency neutral adjusted basis earnings per share declined year-on-year in quarter four owing to a higher tax rate and shares outstanding as well as absorbing $20 million of non-recurring costs related to our debt redemption we executed in December as part of our effort to deleverage our balance sheet. For the year, our earnings per share grew 2.5% which excludes roughly 5% negative impact from the absence of divested businesses. Finally, our cash flow of nearly $1.5 billion was much higher than projected, featuring higher earnings and a higher conversion of those net earnings. In all, a strong performance and the kind of balanced financial delivery we aimed for. Let's take a look at these metrics in more detail. We'll start with net sales growth on Slide number 11. On organic basis, net sales growth decelerated, as expected in quarter four, coming in at 2.5%. A few factors to point out, at home consumption growth rates around the world remain elevated, not decelerating as much as expected. Away from home declines remained in double digits, though not moderating as much as expected. We experienced adverse timing of shipments in certain categories in the U.S. relative to that sustained consumption growth and we experienced the business specific headwinds that we had anticipated, such as school closings in Northern Africa and October's civil unrest in Nigeria. Nevertheless, we saw organic growth in all four regions, again, in quarter four. Outside of organic basis growth, we saw adverse currency translation moderate from earlier in the year, reflecting the weakening of the U.S. dollar, since quarter three. And this year, our quarter four included an extra week, something we have every six fiscal year. For the full year, our organic net sales growth was 6%, featuring growth in both volume and price mix and with growth in all four regions and all four major category group, Snacks, Cereal, Frozen, and Noodles and other. A reasonable estimate for the net COVID impact, after its various puts and takes would suggest that it contributed about half of this organic net sales growth in 2020 putting our underlying growth at a very strong rate. Rounding out net sales growth for 2020, we roughly lost five percentage points from the absence of businesses, we had divested back in July 2019. Currency translation was offset by the impact of having the extra week in our fourth quarter. Now let's turn our discussion to profit margins with Slide number 12. As we've discussed, as we entered 2020, our goal was to stabilize gross profit margin, which would require offsetting a natural mix shift towards emerging markets, including our distributor business in Africa. We ended up doing better than that even as that mix shift continues. Specifically, our gross profit margin improved by 60 basis points year-on-year as operating leverage, revenue growth management and productivity initiatives more than offset the impact of more than $60 million of incremental direct COVID related costs. In the fourth quarter, gross margin leveled out because of shipment turning in the U.S. and some incremental costs, particularly in Latin America. But we are pleased with how we performed on this metric in 2020. Our operating profit margin also improved in 2020 but its quarter-by-quarter performance was greatly affected by the timing in our investment in advertising and consumer promotion. Recall that we postponed some advertising and a significant amount of consumer promotions during the first half. When sponsored events were canceled and the industry's focus was on getting food onto shelves. As you know, we decided to put that default spending to work in the second half, primarily in advertising, aimed at building brand equity and retaining household penetration. The result was double-digit increases year-on-year in A&P during quarter three and quarter four as increased advertising more than offset decreased consumer promotions. For total A&P, we finished 2020 right on our budget with a mid-single digit increase year-on-year. That brings us to cash flow and the balance sheet on Slide number 13. Cash flow came in higher than anticipated throughout the year, a combination of our increased operating profits and reduced restructuring outlays along with good working capital management. The result was a significant improvement in our conversion ratio of net income into cash flow. As you know our priority for cash flow during 2019 and 2020, was to reduce our debt leverage after several years of acquisitions and restructuring outlays. This became all the more important as we entered an uncertain economic environment amidst the pandemic. Our stronger than expected cash flow allowed us to reduce debt faster than planned, right up to the $1.2 billion of debt we retired in December. This reduction in debt leverage gives us the financial flexibility to return more cash to share owners, as I'll discuss in just a moment. So let's now turn our attention to 2021 starting with Slide number 14. In forecasting our P&L for 2021, we ensured that we remained on track for steady balanced growth. Obviously, though, 2020 is an unusual base year to say the least. Not only did it have an extra shipping week in quarter four, but the pandemic created unusually high sales and operating leverage, especially in the first half and it also resulted in investment being shifted to the second half. Our stance was to plan for two year growth that keeps us on our strategic plan. Specifically, we planned around assumptions that result in two-year growth in organic net sales growth that is more than 2%; gross profit margin expansion on a two-year basis; and two-year growth in currency neutral operating profit of 3% to 4% excluding of divested businesses results from the 2019 base. Obviously, we've made planning assumptions around COVID, which are as follows. Underlying at home demand remains relatively elevated, but lapse unusual surges in quarter one and quarter two. Away from home demand remains depressed though moderating over the course of the year and emerging markets remaining growth though restrained by challenging macro conditions. But as you can see by the red bars on the slide, our underlying base business, excluding the divestiture COVID and the 53rd week, is expected to post another year of net sales and operating profit growth. And on a two-year basis, which effectively ignores the noise of 2020, we remain right on our strategic plan through 2021 and would call for similar balanced performance in 2022. Slide number 15 puts our 2021 guidance all together. Organic net sales are expected to be down about 1% year-on-year, reflecting the difficult comps in the first half. On a two-year compound annual growth though this translates to roughly 2.5% in line with a strategic plan I mentioned earlier. Adjusted operating profits on a currency neutral basis is projected to be down roughly 2% year-on-year, reflecting difficult comps in the first half related to last year's outsized operating leverage and delayed brand investment. On a two-year CAGR and excluding divested businesses from the 2019 base, this translates into roughly 3% to 4% growth in line with our strategic plan. Adjusted earnings per share on a currency neutral basis is expected to increase by approximately 1% year-on-year, aided by a decrease in interest expense caused by reduced debt and by lapping last year's debt redemption costs. On a two-year basis, excluding the impact of the divestiture from 2019 this implies about a 4% to 5% CAGR. Cash Flow is projected to be about $1.1 billion coming off 2020s exceptional $1.5 billion, but still significantly higher than 2019s cash flow of $600 million, which really was about 900 million when excluding the net of the divested businesses cash flow less the divestiture related tax and other outlays. This 2021 forecast is based on the earnings outlook and some timing of payments, such as performance based compensation accrued in 2020 but paid in 2021. Turning to Slide number 16, we entered 2021 in very solid financial condition. We had growth momentum across our region, as evidenced by consumption and share trends. We did not pull back on brand investment in 2020. So our brands are in good health. We benefited from strength and capabilities in digital data and analytics and ecommerce and we are well on our way to expanding capacity, where it's tight. We've improved our ability to convert income into cash flow and we deleveraged our balance sheet for increased financial flexibility. The combination of this improved business condition and enhanced financial flexibility enabled us to review share repurchases this year, after having refrained from them since quarter 1, 2019. In addition, we are increasing our quarterly dividend rate starting in quarter two. This means returning more cash to share owners and it reflects our confidence in the business. In summary, in 2020, we returned to balance growth between top-line margins, bottom-line and cash flow. We are confident that 2021 will be a continuation of this balanced growth, even if 2020s COVID impact and 53rd week create some noise on a one year basis. And with that, let me turn it back to Steve for a review of each of our major businesses.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. Let's begin with North America in Slide number 18. North America's organic net sales growth decelerated as expected in quarter four but in a different way than we projected. Consumption growth in retail channels decelerated only modestly, as another wave of the pandemic set in. However, related to this was less moderation of declines in a way from home channels and on-the-go products. In addition, we did experience some unexpected shipment timing in quarter four, which likely resulted in trade inventory decreases in certain categories in the U.S., notably crackers, cereal and affordable wholesome snacks. We don't think this is anything other than timing between quarters some of which should come back in quarter one. From a financial standpoint, the quarter and year featured balanced growth. On an organic basis, which excludes the impact of 2019s divestiture, but also 2020s 53rd week, Kellogg North America delivered 5% net sales growth in 2020, with both volume and price mix contributing. Meanwhile, we expanded the region's gross profit margin and grew operating profit even while increasing brand building investment to ensure we are retaining new households and adding to our brands long-term equity. No question it was a very strong year for Kellogg North America. Importantly, we saw growth across our category groups in 2020 as shown on Slide number 19. In each of these category groups, there were headwinds in the form of sharply lower away from home occasions and outlets as well as reduced on-the-go occasions. The good news is that elevated at home demand and a consumer preference for brands accelerated our retail channel growth in each of these category groups. This is a tribute to the strength of our brands, but also to the agility and execution of our team. Innovation launches were impeded but we still launched successes like jumbo snacks and cereal, expanded into new segments like we did with Incogmeato in alternatives and built on the runaway success of Cheez-It Snap'd. Marketing programs had to be postponed early in the year. So we revised our commercial plan, we shifted more of our brand building into advertising and we put to work in the second half the investment dollars we couldn't execute in the first half. Ecommerce growth accelerated throughout the industry in 2020 and our recent years investments and capability building paid off in the form of triple-digit growth in 2020. The result was more than 3% organic net sales growth for our largest business snacks, despite a lack of on-the-go occasions to go with notably strong 7% growth in cereal and 8% growth in Frozen, all despite declines in away from home channels. More important is our performance in market depicted on Slide number 20. As you can see, we held our gains share in four of our six primary categories in 2020, including in quarter four. Even in the two categories where we didn't outpace the category, we grew consumption at a double-digit rate. And this overall performance came despite running up against capacity on certain foods and despite having a sizable business and the types of on-the-go foods and pack formats that have declined during the pandemic. In cereal, we executed less promotional activity for Frosted Flakes in quarter four as we caught up on supply which held us back late in the year. But we're pleased with our overall consumption growth in 2020 and particularly by the responsiveness of key brands to new messaging, such as Mini-Wheats, Raisin Bran and Special K and to resume media support such as Apple Jacks and Corn Pops. In snacks, our share gain in crackers came from Cheez-It growth in both the base business and from the Snap'd innovations impressive year two performances. Pringles growth accelerated as the year progressed, gaining share in quarter four behind the strength of its standard size can and core four flavors. We grew consumption in a declining portable wholesome snacks category led by sustained momentum in Pop-Tarts, and Rice Krispies treats, as well as the resurgence of Nutri-Grain backed by its first media campaign in several years. In Frozen, Eggo continued to well outpace its Frozen from the griddle category. And in veggie foods, MorningStar Farms tested the bounds of capacity and growing consumption nearly 26% and it narrowed its gap to the surging category in quarter four as we increased its production. So clearly, we are competing well across our categories. A potentially lasting impact is the household penetration. We gained as shown on Slide number 21. With the exception of portable wholesome snacks, a category affected by reduced on-the-go occasions during the pandemic, we gained penetration in all of our categories. In fact, we outperformed our categories in this area in all but the Frozen veggie foods category, where we face capacity limitations and the entrance of new players. This increased penetration is promising for future growth and a big reason we elected to reinvest in our brands in the second half. Equally important is the fact that our velocities have increased across all our categories. As shown on Slide number 22, our velocities were already above those of almost all of our primary categories going into the year and they improved further in 2020. This is a very good sign regarding the health of our brands. In summary, North America enters 2021 in very good condition. Good in market fundamentals, well invested brands, momentum in ecommerce, a proven agility amidst very uncertain conditions, and better than expected financial performance. As we look to 2021, we will continue to relieve capacity constraints while continuing to invest in communicating to incremental households and resuming a full flight of innovation. While comparisons get a little distortive, especially between March and August, the results should be sustained in market momentum. Now let's discuss our international businesses starting with Europe on Slide number 24. For Kellogg Europe, quarter four was our 13th consecutive quarter of organic net sales growth. A resurgence in COVID cases and restrictions, reaccelerated cereal categories across the region and we gained share overall by outpacing the category in four of our top five markets. This was led by a particularly impressive performance in the U.K., and by some of our biggest brands in the region, like Crunchy Nut, Tresor and Extra. Importantly, our snacks business returned to growth in quarter four. Recall that in quarter two and quarter three, we'd experienced softness in snack shipments related to COVID and difficult economic conditions in markets like Russia, and then a canceled Euro Cup soccer tournament made it more difficult to lap previous year's enormously successful Pringles summer marketing programs. During quarter four, our Pringles business rebounded nicely. And we finished 2020 with a collective share gain in our top eight markets led by each of our top three markets, the U.K., Germany and Russia. From a financial perspective, it was a strong year for Kellogg Europe, even amidst disruptions and costs related to COVID. In addition to the strong 5% organic net sales growth, our gross profit margin improved, allowing us to increase brand investment and still deliver strong operating profit growth, even excluding the 53rd week. So Europe enters 2021 with good momentum. Our snacks business is on the upswing and we have exciting innovation planned for Pringles including a line of sizzling hot flavors and our commercial plan includes exciting activation around gaming and the rescheduled Euro Cup soccer tournament. While cereal categories will likely decelerate as COVID passes and mobility increases, we are actively investing to retain new households gained. We have a great commercial plan, including a multi-brand campaign around wellbeing the launch of a Strawberry Cocoa Puffs and a strong digital activation around key brands like Crunchy Nut, Extra and Tresor just to name a few. Russia and Central and Eastern Europe remain promising opportunities for expansion even amidst the challenging environment presented by COVID and economic slowdown. We look to reaccelerate growth in this business in 2021. Let's turn to Latin America in Slide number 26. We had another strong quarter in this region. Its quarter four profit decline had been expected owing to some one-off costs related to Mexico labeling regulations and a significant year-on-year increase in brand building. What was impressive was its ability to sustain very strong top-line growth amidst challenging conditions and delivered double-digit operating profit growth for the year. Cereal category growth rates in the region continued to decelerate but remained at elevated levels. We outpaced the category in key markets including Mexico, Puerto Rico, Central America and Argentina. The result was strong net sales growth for cereal across all of our sub regions. Our snacks business saw improvement again in quarter four, accelerating our net sales growth in Latin America, even as these categories remain under pressure amidst COVID and economic softness. Pringles posted strong consumption growth and share performance led by Mexico and by Brazil, which continues to benefit from local production in a new strategic distributor. Also in Brazil, our Parati business continues to gain share in cookies and powder drinks. So Kellogg, Latin America has momentum going into 2021. Snacks growth should be led by continued momentum in Pringles, which is in a good position to build on its expansion in Brazil and adding to our snacks offerings, we've just launched Cheez-It in that market. In cereal, we assume continued deceleration in the pandemic related consumption growth and we continue to navigate through Mexico's regulatory environment. Nevertheless, we have good plans in place and aim to continue to outpace our categories. And we'll finish with a discussion about EMEA shown on Slide number 28. As we told you a few months ago, our business in this region faced two primary headwinds in the form of civil unrest that disrupted all commerce in Nigeria during the last couple of weeks of October and school closings in Northern Africa, which effectively canceled a sizable biscuits business for us in quarter four. Together, these likely expect about five percentage points off EMEAs Q4 net sales growth. But behind these known disruptions, we continued positive performance. We continue to grow our noodles and other business in Africa and the Middle East, with momentum sustained through the fourth quarter and full year net sales approaching a billion dollars. This gives our portfolio a low price point staple with terrific opportunity for continued growth. In cereal, we continued to outpace category growth in the regions behind effective commercial programs, led by strong share performance in markets ranging from Australia and Korea to India and South Africa. Pringles net sales grew on the strength of double-digit consumption growth in quarter four, outpacing the category overall in the region, with notable share gains in markets like Australia, Korea and South Africa. It was the rest of our snacks business that felt the brunt of the net sales headwinds I mentioned earlier, resulting in the overall snacks decline you see on this slide. Financially, it was a quarter of good balance growth, net sales growth, improved gross profit margin and growth in operating profit even with a significant year-on-year increase in brand building investment. The quarter finishes what was another impressive year for EMEA, especially given the environment. Like our other regions, EMEA has experienced elevated cereal consumption, giving us the opportunity to retain consumers with the right messaging and innovation while continuing to expand penetration in emerging markets. While other parts of our snacks businesses were interrupted by various COVID impacts, Pringles continues to show good momentum heading into the New Year and we continued to grow our business in Africa and the Middle East, with noodles giving us a third growth engine to go along with cereal and snacks. Let's wrap up with a brief summary on Slide number 31. In a year unlike any other, we are proud of the way our organization rallied to execute through unprecedented and challenging conditions. First, we've managed well through crisis. We've kept each other safe, supplying the marketplace with food and aiding our communities. The crisis is not over and we will continue to focus on these areas. Second, we improved our competitive positions in 2020. We expanded household penetration by more than our categories, grew consumption across key markets, brands and retail channels notably in ecommerce, we held our gains share in categories that represent nearly 85% of our company's net sales in those measured markets. And we increased our brand investment for the year, even after some of it had to be delayed during the first half. Third, we sustained strong growth in emerging markets in spite of challenging conditions. In fact, we accelerated our growth in these markets. This is a credit to our experienced management teams, our diversified geographic footprint, our local supply chains and the breadth of our portfolio. Fourth, we delivered better than expected financial results. We twice raised our full year outlook and ultimately delivered on that guidance. We accelerated our organic net sales growth even without COVID and in a nod to balanced delivery, we expanded our gross profit margin in spite of incremental COVID costs and ongoing mix shifts towards emerging markets. We delivered operating profit growth and EPS growth even despite the impact of last year's major divestiture. And finally, we improved our financial flexibility. We generated stronger than expected cash flow, allowing us to pay down debt faster than anticipated. So we enter 2021, a stronger company. Our outlook keeps us on a two year trajectory that is right on our strategic plan. We have a strong commercial plan that builds on the increased consumer communication of 2020 and returns to broader activation and a more complete innovation launch calendar, all aimed at retaining households and continuing to improve our share across categories. We continue to invest in capacities that will enable us to catch up to demand and because of our improved financial flexibility, we are returning to share buybacks and dividend increases earlier than anticipated. Our goal is sustained balance between top-line and cash flow growth and we are on firmer footing now more than ever. I'd like to really thank our employees for their hard work and dedication. And with that, we'll now open it up for your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session with publishing analysts. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Larson with Seaport Global Securities.
Eric Larson: Congratulations on a good year, Steve. What I'd really like to focus on is kind of your guidance for organic sales growth. Obviously, there were a lot of twists and takes, in the year, but obviously, you're going to have some sort of resurgence in things like your European soccer program with Pringles. It seems like your comps in some cases are easier, despite the fact that obviously North America have benefited from, at home consumption increases. But can you give us a little more clarity on the away from home side and why that may or may not be stronger?
Steve Cahillane: There's a lot of puts and takes when you think about 2021 guidance versus 2020, which is why we keep going back to 2019, ex-divestiture and talking about that as kind of a pretty relevant base year and looking at a two-year CAGR. Because when you look at areas like away from home, which will recover and on-the-go consumption, which will recover, that's going to offset some deceleration that we're seeing, but because you're not going to have another surge in March and elevated demands like April and May, it's going to remain elevated versus 2019 but not at the same levels as 2021. Getting back to away from home, the reason we think that will recover slightly more slowly for us is because we over index and travel leisure, areas like that, which we think will recover more slowly, travel won't come back quite as quickly as perhaps, people going to the office and being on-the-go. So lots of puts and takes in terms of what's going to happen by brand, by category by geography. And the biggest COVID impacts that we saw were clearly North America, Europe, very proud of what the team did in Europe in pivoting away from the Euro soccer championship and towards gaming, we do think that soccer will come -- we're hopeful that soccer will come back in some ways in 2021. So there's a lot in the guidance, but what we have really done is try COVID impacts in 2020, as we think about 2021, look at the 2019 base and put together winning plans, by category, by geography, by brand that gets us exactly to where we are today, when we talk about the 2021 guidance and rolls up into the net sales operating profit, EPS that we that we talked about. So I don't know Amit, if you want to add anything to that.
Amit Banati: No. I think, like you said, Steve, our focus, at least from a planning stance was to look at it from a two year standpoint. And if you kind of look at the two year CAGRs, they are of off a growth standpoint, 2.5% on the top-line 3% to 4% on the bottom-line, and then on the EPS 4% to 5%.
Eric Larson: Okay. A quick follow up, marketing spend as a percent of sales for this year. Are you reinvesting more in sales, or is it going to be more in line with sales?
Steve Cahillane: No, we're going to be pretty flattish. So we've talked about brand building, being exactly where we think it needs to be overall. And we like where we are. We like the way we were positioned, as we said, in the last call, that we would keep our brand building pretty much at budget in 2020, which meant a big shift from the first half to the second half, for what are now obvious reasons. So we'll smooth that out in 2021. But we know we don't need a big resurgence, we like where we are in terms of investing in our brands. We'd like the way we're exiting this year, with the equity that we built in the brand and the money that we spent behind the brands. Now you look across our categories and what we've done, with all of our big brands, we feel very good about where we are.
Operator: The next question is from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: You mentioned the pullback in promotional activity on frosted flakes. I imagine that might have contributed to some of the share declines that we're seeing more recently in the U.S. cereal category. When does that get overcome? When do the capacity constraint? And what do you expect to see improved share trends performance, over the next few months? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Steve Cahillane: We were capacity constrained as we exited the year, nobody anticipated obviously, the type of year that cereal would have, no category grew nearly 9%, slowed down a little bit in the second half, but still five, six percentage growth. So we work very hard all year to keep up with demand and keep our service levels as high as we possibly could. And we ended the year with a flat share performance slipped a little in the fourth quarter, as you noted, almost all of that slippage was due to Frosted Flakes, where, because of capacity, we had to back away from promotions, you can see that in the syndicated data, down 20% in incremental sales, because we couldn't execute against the mission Tiger program and we wanted to keep our service levels, where retailers deserve them to be. So we didn't give up promotional slots. And nearly all of our share declined in the fourth quarter was due to Frosted Flakes. Now as we enter 2021, we continue to build against capacity, we continue to make good improvements. And we continue to be very optimistic as we go through the first half of this year, we're going to get better and better in terms of that capacity. And therefore, we'll get better and better in terms of our sheer performance.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Amit, I'd like to ask about your inflation exposure in 2021. What kind of a step up do you expect in cost inflation? And to what extent do your hedges protect you? And then actually, I do have a question about the two year metrics here. A lot of your peers are saying that the COVID benefits are allowing them to outperform their two-year targets, your guidance implies that you're on track. Is there any reason why you wouldn't step things up in your 2021 outlook to reflect above trends given velocity is higher than you thought and household penetration is higher than you thought?
Amit Banati: Okay. So let me start with the first question on commodities. I think we closed out 2020 with input cost inflation in the mid-single digits. And this was mostly offset by the productivity all the way through quarter four. I think we have seen green and energy markets rebound sharply in recent months, just on near term supply, demand and other factors. I think from our exchange traded commodity standpoint, we are well hedged through the first half of 2021 and roughly around 70% level of hedging coverage for the year. So I think, in terms of total inflation for 2021, we expect that to be higher than what we've experienced in 2020 but still in the mid-single digit rates. And I think we'd be looking to offset that with our usual productivity programs, with revenue growth management. And overall, as we've guided, we'd expect our gross margin to be up on a two-year basis, obviously, in this in 2020, our gross margin was up 60 basis points. And on a two-year basis, we'd still expect gross margins to be up and from a '21 standpoint, we'd be aiming for our gross margins to be stable.
Robert Moskow: And then, the two-year?
Amit Banati: Steve, you want to talk two-year?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So Robert, as we looked at it, we aim to do better, right, but there's a lot of uncertainty. And recall, we returned to grow through a deploy for growth strategy. So it gets us back to where we said we would be and where we wanted to be based on our strategic planning stance. It could be better in retail, it could be better in certain categories, it could be slightly worse in a way from home depending on how that recovery happens. So we think it's a prudent planning stance but as we always say, we aim to do better and hopefully we will.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: I had two quick questions here and a bit of follow-ons in each case. The first one just is in relation to the surge in sales that we saw and you to help to find that Amit in terms of 2020 from COVID. Have you and looking for like a high level viewpoint here but like how much of those incremental sales or share you gained some categories do you start to hold on to? So that was my first question. The second one was in related to that, as we look across a number of year categories, there were some areas where you had clear market share gains through the year, really through the year, but especially in the fourth quarter, and we have seen market share losses in particular in the U.S., and I'm looking mostly measured channels here, some market share losses there. So I wanted to just kind of bring that back around to that concept about keeping marketing flat this year. In areas where you've had some share pressure, do you need to increase your marketing and press is part of the plan in 2021?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Chris. So I'll start first, as we've said, in the past, our goal is to always gain share. And so we finished the year globally with holding or gaining share in over 80% of our category, country combinations, where there's measured data, so we feel good about that. In terms of the U.S., in particular, which you referenced, I did talk about the U.S. Rtech, where we held share for the full year, but we lost 50 basis points a share in the fourth quarter much of that due to capacity limitations that we had which I already mentioned. And so, our plan for 2021, we think in Rtech in ready to eat cereal is a winning plan. But if I look at some of the other categories for the full year and even the fourth quarter, if you look at the U.S. snacks business in and crackers, we gained share for the full year and we gained share in the fourth quarter. So we gained 50 basis points of cracker share in the fourth quarter in salty, which the category was explosive in the full year, gained about 12.5 of volume, we were up 11. So, based on our size, down ever so slightly but in the fourth quarter actually, we performed nearly 15% growth against the category of 10%. So we actually even did better in salty, our Pringles business. If I look at the portable wholesome snacks category, obviously a lot of on-the-go, so a category that was under pressure. For the full year and the fourth quarter, we had tremendous share performances. So we gained 250 basis points a share for the full year, 390 basis points in the fourth quarter, and that was great performance by Pop-Tarts, Rice Krispies treats, Nutri-Grain returned to growth in the fourth quarter. And then, if I look at Frozen, from the Griddle or Eggo business, obviously, terrific year, again, some capacity limitations for us but we gained 150 basis points of share in the fourth quarter, which was better than our -- is online with our full year performance. And then finally, on the vegan, which has got a lot of attention, because it's an explosive growth category. We were capacity constrained again there because nobody planned for the type of explosive growth. But we were up for the full year 24%, which wasn't enough to gain share, we lost, one basis point a share. But in the fourth quarter, we did better. We cut that share decline more than in half, we lost 40 basis points and we're up 20%. So that's a pretty good performance there. So in the categories where we didn't gain share, we were still growing double digits is another way to look at it. So that's why we like where our brand building is, we think it's been very, very productive. We measure every ROI by brand by category. And we think we entered 2021 with a lot of good momentum in our brands, in our categories and a good outlook for share performance in 2021.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: I was just wondering if you could touch on some of the thinking around guidance a little bit. It's pretty specific to not have a range for a full year with this amount of uncertainty. And so I guess maybe two parts. One is, what are some of your assumptions around things like lapping 2Q '20, the timing of buybacks what are some of the key moving parts and how you're thinking about them? Or I guess the other part of it is, you gave the progression of your guidance last year, you raised it a few times, is this more, kind of like how we should think about the low end of a guidance range with something above this? Just put that all in context for us please?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Michael, thanks. I'll start and turn it over to Amit as well. We've tried to be transparent as best as we possibly could, in an unprecedented environment, right. And so this guidance, I would say, is the best that we can do. And it's down the middle of the fairway. So, it could be better, it could have more challenges depending on how things recover and what happens in emerging markets. But we feel and don't -- we don't want to be falsely precise. And say, we know exactly what's going to happen in these uncertain times. But we want to maintain our transparency, we want to share with you what our planning stances are in terms of what we think will recover, how it will recover, and how our brands category, country combinations will perform. And again, we triangulate it, we look back at 2020 actual, what we had planned for 2020, pre-COVID, a 2019 base year ex the divestiture what our strategic planning intentions were and therefore what we wanted to accomplish in 2021 and what we thought we could accomplish in 2021. And those are the points that we landed on. And so again, trying to be transparent and trying to hit it down the middle of the fairway, I'd say is kind of the way I'd characterize the guidance. Amit, do you want to add any?
Amit Banati: No. I think Steve; you've covered it, on the clock. It's in line with our internal plans. And I talked about underlying at home demand remaining elevated. But no question, we will have to lap last year's surges, particularly in March. And it's interesting, as we've gone into further lockdowns, we haven't seen that panic buying that we saw in March. So that's something that we'll have to lap. On away from home, we've assumed that, it is moderate. But over the course of the year and sitting here today they still remain depressed. So that's the assumption. And then from emerging market standpoint, we had a relatively strong year in 2020. So we're continuing to plan on growth in emerging markets. But we've been cautious and prudent in terms of the macro conditions in emerging markets. So I think those are some of the assumptions and the way we've approached the guidance.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks. Can I sneak in a quick follow up on MorningStar capacity? Do you know when you would get relief for that there?
Steve Cahillane: We're catching up right now. So we're in good shape. The Incogmeato launch continues to go forward. We're adding chick flavors to that, we got some great innovations around chicken. And so we feel good about where the capacity is right now relative to the demand.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.
Rob Dickerson: I guess, kind of first question around your operating profit dollars, then also for cash flow dollars, if I looked at kind of where that might come in, or where they came in 2020, where it might come in '21. Frankly, it's not that much different then we saw, let's say 35 years ago and I realized a number of moving pieces. So, Steve a big piece of this strategic playbook has been reinvesting for growth that's the theme and you're getting there. Gross profit margin still better but we obviously haven't seen a lot of operating profit margin, which can obviously help your free cash flow grow over time. If we step way back, how do you think about getting that free cash flow piece to grow, the gross margin is good, the investment is good, doing all the right things. But name of the game is to get more cash in the business to kind of how do you kind of right size that as you think forward a few years? Then, I have a quick follow up. Thanks.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks. I'll start and Amit has got definitely some things to add there. But I'd start by reminding you obviously, the divestiture, big divestiture. So when you look back and look at the numbers and say cash flow, or overall I think you said, absolute OP dollars, there's going to be a big difference because of that divestiture. And if I think about, where we finish the year, so organic net sales of plus 6%, Forex neutral adjusted OP of 3.5%, Forex adjusted EPS of 2.3% and a cash flow of 1.5 billion. That's a terrific year, I think under any set of circumstances and based on the guidance that we gave in 2021, to your question around cash, it's substantially better than the 2019 performance. And remember, there's some outflows of cash that happened whether it be incentives, whether it be other release of accruals that were accrued for in 2020. And the cash will actually outflow in 2021, which is why I think it's, again, useful to look at a two year comparison on everything, including the cash flow performance, which continues to get better. And so as we exit this year, that's why we're very confident that as a company from a top-line through a balanced bottom-line delivery standpoint, we are a much stronger company. And we come out of this pandemic and we enter 2021 in a much stronger position from a balance sheet perspective and from a top-line potential perspective as well. Amit, do you want to build on that?
Amit Banati: Well, I think, from a two-year standpoint you're looking at organic growth, 2.5% on the top-line and then EPS growth at around 4% to 5%. And then the cash flow conversion, we've had an exceptional year of cash flow conversion in 2020, now to 100%. I think in 2021, there are some timing differences. So, some of the accruals will be paid out in 2021. But our conversion, even in 2021, we're targeting, in the mid 70s to 80% conversion. And then, if you adjust for the pension income that runs through our P&L, that's about 15% adjustment, it gets us to go high 90s. So, I think from an overall standpoint it's balanced. In 2020, we demonstrated, we delivered balanced delivery and certainly the guidance for 2021 calls for that for another year of that.
Rob Dickerson: And then, just quickly on Incogmeato. Obviously, I think you're either somewhat past the upfront trial phase seems like we've got [indiscernible] distribution, good trial, as you think forward, let's say next nine months, as we kind of near the grilling season. I'm assuming there'll be some pent up demand for consumers to get back outside to do that. Is there anything strategically that -- you can do to just further kind of drive increased household penetration? And I just ask, given, obviously, all the incremental competition that already exists within the retail channel? Thanks.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So Rob, I'd start by just reminding all of us that Incogmeato launched during the pandemic, so very difficult time to launch. But having said that, we're happy with where we are. And it also remind us that it is a sub-brand of MorningStar Farms. And MorningStar Farms finished the year with 25% consumption growth. So hardly a brand that's been disrupted but clearly a brand that is doing very, very well, despite some of the capacity constraints that I mentioned. Having said that, we did launch Incogmeato, we're up to about a 4 point share. When we look at our velocities relative to some of the smaller players, we're exceeding those velocities. When we look at the velocities compared to early MorningStar Farm launches at the same stage. We're ahead of those velocities as well. And as I said, we've got these chicken offerings, including Disney royalty chicken offerings that are coming to the fore right now. So we feel very good about where the whole MorningStar Farms performance is. And we continue to innovate around MorningStar Farms, but also Incogmeato, we're bullish about this and 25% consumption growth is pretty good.
John Renwick: We are at the end of time. If you do have follow up questions, please do not hesitate to call and thank you everyone for your interest and time this morning.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session with publishing analysts. Please note, this event is being recorded.  At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, Gary. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our third quarter results as well as updates regarding our outlook for full year 2020. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer. Slide 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. And as you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to this third slide of the presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. This is of particular note during the current COVID-19 pandemic when the length and severity of the crisis and resultant economic and business impacts are so difficult to predict. A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, November 5. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of kelloggcompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on a currency-neutral basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share.  And now, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I hope you are your families are holding up well in these turbulent times. Here at Kellogg, to get through these crises, we are executing well against our key priorities during the crisis. We have remain vigilant and active in keeping our employees safe, which remains job number one for us and our employees have handled this extremely well. We continue to supply the market place with our foods with no major supply disruptions and service levels gradually improving in the quarter. We continue to aid our communities with significant cash and food donations. Not to mention, the time our employees have generously volunteered to various initiatives and causes. And amidst very uncertain economies and financial markets, we have effectively preserved and improved our financial flexibility. These have been our priorities throughout the crisis, and we are executing very well against them. From the standpoint of financial results, we had another strong quarter with some highlights shown on slide number 6. First, our results came in stronger than we expected. We posted another quarter of strong organic net sales growth with a good balance between volume growth and price realization and with growth across all four regions and across all four major category groups, cereal, snacks, frozen and noodles. We expanded our gross profit margin as price, volume and productivity, more than offset sustained high levels of incremental COVID costs. And as we said we would, we shifted brand-building investment from the first half into the second half, resulting in a double-digit year-on-year increase in quarter three. We generated better-than-expected profit and earnings in the quarter, and particularly important, in an uncertain economy, we generated better cash flow than we anticipated, allowing us to further reduce our net debt. Second, our emerging markets continue to exceed our expectations, in spite of challenging COVID and economic conditions. We generated double-digit organic net sales growth in both Latin America and AMEA. Across all of our emerging markets, we collectively recorded double-digit organic net sales growth in cereal and noodles, and we grew snacks at a high single-digit rate, despite their on-the-go orientation, their reliance on traditional trade has been more disrupted by COVID and being a more discretionary purchase in difficult economic times. The strength of our portfolio, the diversification of our geographies and the experience of our management teams are clearly on display.  And third, we've continued to perform well in market. As expected, at-home consumption growth for packaged foods in general decelerated across the quarter, and our categories were no different. The good news is that, year-to-date, we have held or gained share in markets that represent almost three quarters of our annual net sales in measured markets. Most notable, in quarter three was the United States where we gained share in five of our six primary categories; in Europe, where we gained share in cereal across most of our major markets; and in AMEA, where we gained share of cereal in 11 of 13 major markets. Clearly, our brands and our brand building are resonating. And even in away-from-home channels, which remained soft during this pandemic, we gained share in most of our categories in the U.S. We also like how we're performing in e-commerce, an area in which we've invested in capabilities in recent years, and in which we continue to grow rapidly, outpacing our categories in key markets. So, we are winning in the marketplace and delivering better-than-expected financial results in the process. Turning to slide number 7. This sustained strong performance puts us in a good position to finish the year, not only with strong results and financial flexibility, but also with investment for the future.  Let's take each in turn. First, we're again raising our full year guidance, based on the strength of our better-than-expected third quarter results. As Amit will explain, we are raising our guidance for full year organic net sales growth, currency-neutral adjusted basis operating profit and earnings per share and cash flow. It's been a lot of work, but we're headed for a very strong year.  Second, we continue to invest for the future. Our brand building investment will be up double-digits again in quarter four, as we continue to reinvest funds that were delayed from the first half during the pandemic, on top of what had been planned for quarter four. Now is the time to communicate with consumers, who discovered our foods during the pandemic. Now is the time to emphasize new messaging around certain brands. Now is the time to further develop our master brand approach to advertising multiple brands in certain international markets. And now is the time to invest behind the launch of new brands like plant-based Incogmeato from MorningStar Farms in the U.S. and market expansion of brands like Cheez-It in Canada. On top of that, we're investing in capabilities such as in e-commerce, in packaging capabilities and in capacity. Simply put, we are taking actions now to emerge from this crisis a stronger company, and with increased confidence in our trajectory for consistent, balanced growth. We're seeking to retain incremental households. We're building on our strength in e-commerce, and we're ensuring that our emerging markets remain engines of growth for us. We're also strengthening our financial flexibility and delivering increased earnings this year for our share owners. So with that, let me turn it over to Amit, who will take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Slide number 9 summarizes our results for the third quarter and first nine months. As Steve mentioned, our third quarter results came in better-than-anticipated, particularly on operating profit and cash flow. Net sales benefited from elevated at-home demand during the crisis, though this clearly moderated across countries and categories over the course of the quarter and was partially offset by continued softness in away-from-home channels. An important highlight of the quarter was the strength of our emerging markets, whose return to double-digit growth came despite very challenging conditions, including economic and COVID impacts on the traditional trade.  Operating profit increased on a reported basis because of a reduction in one-time charges. Now that recent years’ substantial restructurings are largely behind us, it declined on an adjusted basis because of the absence of businesses divested last year, as well as higher expense for performance-based compensation and a significant planned increase in advertising and consumer promotion. Operating profit declined less than we expected in large part because of our positive performance in net sales and gross profit margin.  Earnings per share declined with operating profit along with an effective tax rate that was higher than last year as expected. And cash flow continue to come in better-than-planned, bringing our year-to-date cash flow above what had been our forecast for the full year, a reflection of our elevated earnings, reduced restructuring outlays, good working capital management and capital expenditure that has been delayed during the pandemic. Let's take a look at these metrics in more detail. We will start with net sales growth on slide number 10. While moderating from recent quarters, currency translation was a negative impact of about 1% in the quarter, largely due to Latin American currency's devaluation against the U.S. dollar. Last year's divestiture of our Keebler Cookies, pie crusts, ice cream cones and fruit snacks anniversaries at the time end of July. So, we had one month of impact in the quarter, pulling down net sales by just under 2 percentage points.  Organic net sales growth was 4.5% in the quarter. We had anticipated a meaningful deceleration from last quarter's 9% growth. And sure enough, we did indeed see a moderation in at-home consumption growth across our categories, and continued softness in away-from-home channels and on-the-go products.  Nevertheless, this quarter three organic growth performance was very promising. It was driven by organic growth across all four regions, and across all four global category groups. It also featured a better balance between volume and price mix, and it was supported by consumption growth and share gains in key categories and markets in turn buoyed by effective brand building activity.  Now, let's turn our discussion to profit margins with slide number 11. Going into the quarter, we had assumed that gross profit margin would contract a bit in quarter three, as we anticipated less net sales growth to cover sustained incremental COVID costs. However, our gross profit margin ended up expanding slightly as growth, productivity and price realization more than offset a resumed mix shift towards emerging markets, including Multipro, our distributor business in Nigeria. We expect to see gross profit margin to expand modestly again in quarter four, and therefore for the full year, despite sustained incremental COVID costs.  Another important impact on our operating profit margin was our increase in brand investment. Back in July, we discussed the postponement of advertising and consumer promotions during the height of the pandemic in the first half and our intention to reinvest those funds into brand building during quarter three and quarter four. The slide shows that delay in advertising and consumer promotion during quarter two, and how it was followed by a double-digit increase in quarter three, along with a similar double-digit increase planned for quarter four. This, along with an increase in expense for performance-based compensation, was the primary driver of our operating profit decline in quarter three, and will be again in quarter four.  Below operating profit, our interest expense remained below last year as expected. Other income, which is predominantly related to our pension plans, remained higher year-on-year also as expected, reflecting the impact of higher asset valuations at the beginning of the year. These favorable items were more than offset by the earnings per share, by a higher effective tax rate and an increase in average shares outstanding as we continue to refrain from share buybacks to prioritize financial flexibility during the current crisis.  That brings us to cash flow and capital structure on slide number 12. A lasting impact of this year will be the stronger than projected cash flow, enabling a faster than expected reduction in net debt. As shown on the top graph, our cash flow this year has significantly outpaced that of the past couple of years, even beyond lapping unusual outlays in each of the prior two year-to-date periods. As I mentioned, this is a result of higher than expected adjusted basis earnings this year, as well as the fact that we have gotten past the major restructurings and reorganizations of the last few years, which had required significant cash outlays but it also reflects our effective management of core working capital and the capital expenditure we've had to prioritize or delay during the pandemic so as to not impede capacity utilization in any way. This cash flow has enabled further increases in liquidity and further reductions in net debt as shown on the bottom chart. Strong liquidity and lower net debt against stronger cash flow give us enhanced financial flexibility. Let's now discuss our rest of year outlook starting with slide number 13 and our planning assumptions around the pandemic for the fourth quarter. While the direction of the pandemic remains uncertain, we are making certain planning assumptions. To that end, we assume that at-home demand growth will continue to decelerate, while sizable away-from-home sales declines moderate. These are simply continuations of trends we have seen in recent months. The reason we assume our away-from-home sales will take longer to stabilize is because of our weighting in segments like schools and travel and lodging, which are expected to take longer to recover. We also assume that growth in emerging markets will decelerate amidst COVID-related economic softness as well as some unusual market-specific factors in quarter four, such as school food programs being shut down in North Africa and the impact of new labeling regulations going into effect in Mexico. And finally, there is the investment that we delayed from the first half. Just as in quarter three, this first half funding will be implemented during quarter four on top of previously planned activity. The result should be another double-digit increase in advertising and consumer promotions in quarter four.  Slide number 14 shows what this all means for our full year outlook. As Steve mentioned, we are once again raising our guidance for the year. This time, to reflect our better-than-expected quarter three results, less any timing related factors from that quarter unless some incremental investments that we're adding to quarter four. Our full year guidance for organic net sales growth improves to just about 6% from our previous guidance of around 5%. This reflects our better-than-expected 4.5% growth in quarter three and a modest increase to our outlook for quarter four, though the latter still assumes a deceleration for the reasons we just discussed. Our full year guidance for currency-neutral adjusted basis operating profit improves to growth of approximately 2% from our previous guidance for a decline of about 1%. This positive swing reflects our better-than-forecast operating profit in quarter three with some timing-related shifts in costs into quarter four, along with the incremental advertising and promotion and other costs and investments I just described. This drives a similar increase in our full year guidance for currency-neutral adjusted basis, earnings per share, which goes to growth of approximately 2% from previous guidance for a decline of about 1%. Our guidance for cash flow increases to $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion, a substantial improvement from our previous guidance of approximately $1 billion. This reflects our stronger-than-expected delivery in quarter three, let some elements that are likely timing-related, such as capital expenditure delayed from earlier this year. Putting it all together, we're in position to finish 2020 with a strong financial performance, featuring a good balance of growth, profitability, investment and cash generation, and we will enter 2021 in a very solid financial condition. And with that, let me turn it back to Steve for a review of each of our major businesses.
Steve Cahillane : Thanks, Amit. Let's begin with North America on slide number 16. As we had expected and as you've seen in the scanner data, at-home consumption growth decelerated throughout the third quarter, while away-from-home channels saw some moderation in their steep declines. The result for our North America region was just under 3% organic net sales growth in quarter three. Note, while we experienced a continued though moderating double-digit decline in away-from-home sales as expected, the rest of North America business turned in a solid mid-single-digit growth performance. And while our deceleration from quarter two surge was inevitable, we're very pleased with how we performed within our primary categories. . In Canada, we grew consumption in all 6 of our primary categories, including gaining significant share and distribution in crackers with Cheez-It. In the U.S., we held our gain share in 5 of our 6 primary categories at retail as well as in the vast majority of our categories in measured away-from-home channels. We'll visit these key U.S. categories in more detail in a moment, but this end market performance is a key reason we're confident that we are strengthening our business amidst this crisis. Household penetration and buy rates have increased across our categories since the pandemic began, and we are focused on retaining as many of these consumers and occasions as we can. This relies on effective marketing and sales execution, of course, but it is also dependent on our supply chain to get food to the marketplace. Our plants are running well, still focused on throughput and still up against capacity in certain categories in food forms requiring tremendous agility. Our supply chain clearly has risen to the challenge. Operating profit decreased as planned in quarter three as brand investment was shifted out of the first half and into the second half and as we had less incremental sales to cover sustained levels of incremental COVID costs. But North America is on track for a very good year of net sales and operating profit growth. Let's take a quick look at each of our 3 major category groupings in North America, starting with our largest snacks on slide number 17. North America snacks continued to post strong growth, even if at-home demand decelerated from quarter two's highs and away-from-home channels and on-the-go pack formats remained in decline. In the U.S., Pringles continued to post double-digit consumption growth, holding share despite continued softness in on-the-go pack formats as expected. In crackers, we continue to outpace the category's solid mid-single-digit growth in the quarter. Cheez-It Snap'd continues to grow strongly in its second year, supported by recently added capacity while accompaniment oriented cracker brands, Club, Townhouse and Carr’s have collectively gained share as well. In portable wholesome snacks, the category remains pressured by reduced on-the-go occasions during the pandemic. And while this has impacted on-the-go brands in our portfolio like RX and Kashi, we've been able to gain share on the strength of our growing Pop-Tarts and Rice Krispies treats brands. So our snack brands business is in great shape. Now let's turn to North America cereal on slide number 18. Our North America cereal net sales grew again in quarter three, though reflecting a deceleration in the category in retail channels and continued declines in away-from-home channels. But what is so encouraging is what we're doing within the category. In U.S. measured retail channels, we again outpaced the category. And we did it on the strength of renewed advertising support and refreshed messaging for brands like Special K and Mini-Wheats and on innovation like JUMBO SNAX and MASHUPS that have helped us lead the category in share of innovation this year. We have added more household penetration during the pandemic, and we've held on to more of it than the category. And the same goes for buy rates. Our enhanced data and analytics give us the ability to target the right consumer and occasion with the right messaging for that consumer and occasion, and we're seeing the results. So we're executing well in North America cereal. We're also executing well in North America frozen foods, shown on slide number 19. Our North America frozen foods categories didn't decelerate as much as cereal and snacks during quarter three. And as a result, we continue to deliver high single-digit organic net sales growth. And that is despite capacity constraints and declines in away-from-home channels as well as the phasing out of certain non-core product lines. Our core businesses are performing very well. In U.S. retail channels, our Eggo brand grew consumption by almost 13% in the quarter, with strong growth in waffles, French toast and pancakes and continuing to gain share. Our MorningStar Farms brand grew consumption by nearly 18%, trailing the frozen veg vegan category's exceptional growth as we ramp up against our capacity. MorningStar Farms meat alternative sub-brand Incogmeato was launched during the quarter. It's early days, and we're still building up our distribution, but we have launched burgers, sausage bratwurst and ground beef into the refrigerated aisle. And into the frozen aisle, we've launched Disney-shaped chicken nuggets, the first kid-oriented offering in this plant-based category. We are expecting a gradual distribution build, and we're confident about our food, branding and breadth of offerings. So like our other North American businesses, frozen foods is performing very well. As we look to the remainder of the year for Kellogg North America, we expect the deceleration in at-home demand growth that we discussed earlier. We're focused on restoring service levels, particularly in capacity type brands and categories, and we'll continue to reinvest the funds we deferred from the first half. We have no doubt we will emerge from 2020 with a stronger North America business. Now let's discuss our international businesses, starting with Europe on slide number 20. Kellogg Europe posted its 12th consecutive quarter of organic net sales growth in quarter three. Growth decelerated as expected as the COVID-led surge in at-home cereal demand moderated, while declines persisted in away-from-home channels. In cereal, our net sales increased at a low single-digit rate in the quarter. Category growth rates finished the quarter in roughly that range, and we added to our year-to-date share gains in key markets across the region. In snacks, our net sales were down very slightly in the quarter. Pringles growth improved from last quarter, led by accelerated consumption and share growth in the UK. Even amidst altered commercial plans because of COVID, we've gained share this year in our 3 biggest markets in the region: the UK, Germany and Russia. Meanwhile, portable wholesome snacks continued to feel the impact of fewer on-the-go occasions during the quarter as expected, though its declines moderated from the previous quarter. Overall, in emerging markets, namely Russia and Central Europe, we experienced a decline in net sales reflecting challenging economic conditions, particularly in snacks. The good news is that cereal remained in solid growth, and Pringles has gained share. As in our other regions, Europe reinvested a good portion of brand building that had been delayed from the first half. This is important for solidifying our competitive positions, and we'll see this again in quarter four. So we really like how we've been executing in Kellogg Europe. Let's turn to the Kellogg Latin America on slide number 21. Given the challenging macro conditions in this region, we had expected decelerating net sales growth. Instead, Kellogg Latin America posted double-digit organic growth, and this double-digit growth was broad-based across all 4 sub-regions: Mexico, Brazil, Pacific, and Caribbean and Central America. The growth was again led by double-digit organic net sales growth in cereal, whose consumption growth remained elevated in modern trade channels even if we did see category growth rates decelerate during the quarter. Snacks, which has been negatively impacted by the pandemic lockdown and recessionary environment, bounced back in quarter three with low single-digit organic net sales growth. Leading this growth was our business in Brazil, where local production and a new strategic distribution partner are benefiting Pringles, and we continue to gain share in cookies. Higher net sales more than offset adverse transactional foreign exchange and COVID-related costs, not to mention a significant double-digit increase in brand building. Profit growth also continued to lap last year's costly distributor transitions as well as start-up of local production in Brazil. So we're performing well in spite of tough conditions. We expect decelerating at-home demand to slower cereal sales in quarter four, and we faced some uncertainty in Mexico regarding new labeling regulations, which we've mentioned previously, and we'll see another quarter of increased brand building. Nevertheless, we're clearly executing well in Latin America in a difficult macroeconomic environment while also reinvesting for the future. And finally, we'll discuss AMEA, shown on slide number 22. Like Latin America, AMEA turned in better-than-expected double-digit organic net sales growth. Growth was broad-based across Australia, Asia, Africa and the Middle East and across cereal, snacks, noodles and other. As you can see on the chart, cereal demand remained elevated in many markets. The result was high single-digit organic net sales for cereal in the region but just as important have been the share gains we realized in key markets like Australia, South Korea, Saudi Arabia and South Africa.  In snacks, double-digit organic net sales growth was led by Pringles, which returned to growth momentum as we restored supply. Category growth rates have moderated, but we gained share in Australia and key markets in Asia, Africa and the Middle East. In noodles and other products, double-digit organic growth in net sales reflected expansion of our Kellogg noodles in the Middle East and South Africa as well as a strong sequential acceleration in growth for Multipro, the distributor portion of our business in West Africa. This business showed great resilience in a difficult environment in quarter three. Like our other regions, AMEA increased its brand building at a double-digit rate in the quarter, reflecting investment that we shifted from the first half, but the same sales growth and operating leverage was enough to more than offset this investment. We do expect slower growth in AMEA in quarter four, reflecting not only the deceleration we've been seeing in cereal categories throughout the region. But also the impact of COVID-related school closings, which affect important school programs we supply in North Africa. And it will be tested further by protests currently disrupting business in Nigeria. But there's no question, we are executing well in AMEA, managing through some challenging macro conditions while continuing to invest for the long-term. Let's wrap up with a brief summary on slide number 24. First of all, I'm incredibly proud of the way our organization has rallied to execute well through unprecedented and challenging conditions. Everything starts with protecting our people, and we are indeed keeping each other safe. We're also doing a good job supplying the marketplace, and we're supporting our communities. We're preserving and enhancing our financial flexibility. To do all this in a time of turmoil and uncertainty is a testament to the character of this organization. Second, we're pleased with our end market performance. Even having to replan our commercial calendar, we're executing well in the marketplace. We've expanded household penetration. We're growing across retail channels, notably in e-commerce, and we're finding ways to adjust to difficult conditions in away-from-home channels. Importantly, we're holding or gaining share in most of our markets, notably in the U.S., where we held or gained share in the majority of our retail categories and our categories in away-from-home channels. This reflects how we are competing. Third, we're pleased by our performance in emerging markets. In spite of challenging conditions, we've continued to grow in these markets with much less slowdown than we anticipated. This is a credit to our experienced management teams, our diversified geographic footprint, our local supply chains and the strength and breadth of our portfolio. And fourth, we're happy to be over-delivering our financial plan this year. We are again raising our full year guidance for net sales, operating profit, earnings per share and cash flow, which has us getting ahead of our plans for enhancing financial flexibility. And we're doing this without cutting back on reinvestment in brands and capabilities. In fact, we've stepped up our investment, which will help us long into the future. In summary, we are confident that we will emerge from this crisis an even stronger company. We've reached new households and supported our most powerful brands. We've enhanced capabilities such as data and analytics, e-commerce and revenue growth management. We've strengthened our supply chain, and we've optimized SKUs. And we've strengthened our portfolio and operations in emerging markets. Our goal is sustained balance between top-line and cash flow growth, and we are on firmer footing now more than ever. And with that, we'll open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Nik Modi : Steve, I was hoping maybe you can help us get a little more granularity on what you're exactly doing in terms of this customer retention. Obviously, every company is talking about, hey, we've recruited all these consumers, and we're spending behind it. But can you just talk about specifically what you're doing because it seems like this is going to go on for at least another 6 months, if not longer? And so it seems like you have a good window here to really influence consumer behavior. So any thoughts on that would be really helpful.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Nik. First of all, you can see what we've done in terms of our marketing and brand building investments. So we're concentrating that in the back half of the year as we said we would. So we've got lots of funds directed exactly at that. The second thing is we have really enhanced our data and analytics. So we have a better understanding now more than ever about consumers and occasions at a very granular level. So the messaging that we're getting out there, digital, social and otherwise is directed in a more micro way against consumers and occasions that drive the type of behaviors that we want. And we're seeing real results. So if I gave you just a couple of examples. In terms of penetration, the RTEC category is growing penetration, not quite at 1%. And we're more than double that at nearly 2% RTEC penetration, and we're also retaining those households. Same thing in salty snacks. So it's really about understanding the consumer, the consumer occasion, what drives behavior in getting that message out there. And we've got a lot of investment behind that. So more to go. We're pleased with where we are, but it's really based on the fundamental improvements in data and analytics and our ability to micro target against those consumers supplemented with the right level of investment behind it.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers : So I wanted to talk about the strong emerging market performance, which was clearly a call out in the quarter. I guess, can you talk just a bit more around how much of that you think was isolated to the quarter versus something that's more structural that you can build upon in the future? I know you called out some specific headwinds in the fourth quarter in North Africa and Mexico. Maybe you can quantify those. But I'm really asking the question more in terms of the medium-term on a normalized basis. 
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Steve. We were very pleased with the performance in emerging markets in this quarter, obviously. It was led by cereal, which saw elevated demand based on some of the lockdowns. We continue to expand our noodles business very successfully. So we're pleased about that. But in quarter four, obviously, we see the potential for some slowdowns, which is what we talked about. We've got unusual situations, the school closings in North Africa. That's a big bit of business for us. The labeling regulations in Mexico, uncertain how -- if and how that will impact the business. It's across really all consumer packages. So hard to say. And then Nigeria, obviously, in the news very much, as you can see with protests and disruption which disrupts our business, has disrupted our business there. So always watch outs in emerging markets to be sure and when you have this type of environment, coupled with the recessionary environment, you always want to stay close and watch it. But very proud of the way the organization in quarter three came through in emerging markets and delivered a better-than-expected performance.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow : You made a comment, and I always like to hear this comment, is you're going to emerge stronger out of the COVID-19 experience. Can you talk about how that would affect your financial outlook in terms of what that really means in terms of qualitative and as well as quantitative outlook of what you think -- what does it mean to emerge stronger? Does it mean a higher growth rate? Does it mean higher margins? Does it just mean more spending? How do you frame that? And just to put context on that, that would be very helpful. .
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So thanks for the question, Ken. Obviously, we're not going to get into any 2021 guidance at this stage. We're still working through our plans. But when we talked about emerging as a stronger company, we're making lasting impact to the business. You see that in the financial flexibility, the type of cash we've been able to generate. You see that especially in the investment in the brands and capabilities that we're putting into the marketplace to drive penetration, to drive retention, to keep those households. You see that in our digital and e-commerce capability that we're continuing to invest in. And then our supply chain, as I said, very proud of our supply chain in the way they've been able to be agile and meet this unheard of kind of surge in demand and this lengthy -- the length at which it's occurred. And so we're investing in capability and capacity in the longer-term in our supply chain as well, which we mentioned. So all of those things give us very good confidence that we are emerging stronger. And when we get to February, we'll talk about it in more detail what that looks like. Amit, do you want to add anything?
Amit Banati : And I think just to add to that, I think you look at the strength of our cash flow, I think that's allowed -- we always said that our priority this year would be to reduce our net debt, and I think the strength of our cash flow is allowing us to accelerate that net debt reduction. And so I think that allows us much more financial flexibility as we emerge out of this crisis.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And just to be clear, I wasn't looking for next year's guidance. I was kind of thinking more about like bigger picture, longer-term guidance, your growth algorithm or anything like that, that would be quantitatively different. That was kind of what I was looking for. I wasn't trying to get that next year's number. Just any other bigger picture financial outlook. It seems like the reduction of debt, but is there more spending that goes into data analytics? Is there anything else that -- and then I'll leave it there, and I appreciate it.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. No, I think I just -- exactly, it's confidence in the trajectory based on the investments that we just talked about. And it's -- as you know, Ken, there's so much uncertainty right now. How long this goes, what consumer behavior really changes and how it lasts. And so we're leaning into it. We're very much leaning into it, but we believe that this crisis is terrible as it's been, has given us an opportunity to really engage with consumers in meaningful and lasting ways and to make those investments to emerge stronger. 
Operator: The next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman : Your guidance assumes that at-home demand continues to decelerate. Doug McMillon though that this week he is seeing consumer stock up behavior actually rising in certain areas. Are you -- I guess, I'm curious, are you seeing any indication that your larger customers are preparing for a wave 2 of pantry loading? Or is this really not anything you're anticipating at this time?
Steve Cahillane : Yes. Thanks, Ken. Again, there's so many things that are unknowable right now. And so it's really our planning assumptions. And to the best of our ability, what we're thinking of is the away-from-home channels, as we talked about, not really recovering very quickly. We're weighted towards schools and travel and leisure. So the ones that are recovering, convenience and so forth. Your QSR, you're starting to see stabilize, but not where we're weighted. And then in terms of retail channels, we were talking about in the third quarter about a deceleration. It did decelerate. It continues to decelerate. At what level it stops and starts to go back up again? Is an unknowable. We see the same news reports. We obviously see the same terrible trends in the COVID virus. And so this is our planning assumption, and we hope for a recovery, obviously, as everybody does in terms of these lockdowns and so forth. But to the best of our ability, this is what we see. And at a point in time, you just have to make a call and say, the continuation of the deceleration is what we see. But you have to be agile, just in case that changes.
Operator: The next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane : Steve, I wanted to ask about Incogmeato. It's -- we've noticed -- seen the advertising presence as you've launched the product. And so I guess a couple of questions. One, just as you look at the strategy tactically as you’ve launched the product, do you think there's an opportunity there in terms of just having a better specialty traditional media presence versus the existing kind of established brands? And then second, if you can talk a little bit about shelf space and just how far along you are in terms of distribution? And then finally, just you touched on capacity constraints. So just what the plans are there to expand capacity as you build out distribution?
Steve Cahillane : Yes, thanks, Bryan. So the first thing I'd say is, it's early days, obviously. And we're all learning what it means to launch a new brand in a pandemic environment where shoppers' behaviors are different, right? And so we've talked about how big brands are resonating. People trust big brands. They get in and out. The shopping experience as quickly as they can. And so we do believe that launching Incogmeato under the halo of the MorningStar Farms brand gives it a real advantage. And when you look at MorningStar Farms, up I think it's 27% year-to-date through quarter three, obviously really strong growth and again launching Incogmeato underneath that. And it was really scheduled for a March 31 launch. We had to delay that based on retailer resets. We have got our burger, our ground bratwurst and sausage products off. We're launching our Disney chicken nuggets. We're very strong in chicken and obviously the Disney franchise, and this is a Mickey offering. We think we'll get a lot of traction. And so the national distribution is really just building as we speak, but we're pleased with where we are. We're pleased with the early returns, but it is very early. So everything that we talked about in terms of the strategy, we think holds true, particularly the strength of the product offering itself and the strength of launching under the MorningStar Farms halo, we believe still remain very relevant. But we're vigilant. We've got our sales organization out there each and every day, checking on placements, and doing everything they can to advance the visibility of Incogmeato in the marketplace.
Bryan Spillane : And then just capacity?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So capacity, we ran up against capacity. Nobody planned for 27% growth, obviously, but we've got -- in the short-term really working on crewing and getting everything we can in terms of throughput. And as we enter 2021, we do have plans for additional lines and so more significant capacity coming on. So in short-term, it's about crewing and throughput. In the longer-term or the medium term, which is really next year, it's about additional lines to really add to capacity, because we see this as a lasting. You're not going to see this type of elevated demand, I would suspect, going forward. But plant-based is a real megatrend. It was before the pandemic, and the type of trial that you're seeing is really going to we think accelerate what was already a meaningful trend in this space.
Operator: Next question is from Eric Larson with Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson : Thanks for the question, everyone, and hope all is well. I just want to drill down a little bit more on your cash flow. That's sort of the important metric that I'm focused on. And so it looks like you may be deferred a piece of your capital expenditures, which will obviously come back next year. And I'm curious also if you're running your plants yet to just meet demand or if you now have enough capacity to kind of rebuild some inventory here. So in that difference in your guidance of $1 billion to $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion, how much of that goes away with increased CapEx next year and maybe some working capital rebuild? So what is sort of the net cash flow improvement that we can look for?
Amit Banati : Yes. So I think just on the cash flow, right, there are a number of factors that are driving our improved cash flow, right? So part of it is driven by just higher earnings -- higher adjusted earnings, a significant reduction in restructuring, outlays, good working capital management that we've seen across all our businesses, and then the capital expenditure. Some of which has been delayed. Now we are hoping to catch up on capital expenditure in quarter four. And that has been reflected in our outlook, with planned downtime to get some of the CapEx away, and some of it will be delayed. But I think, as Steve mentioned, right, from a CapEx standpoint, I think our focus is on getting the capacity in all our constrained platforms as quickly as possible. So I would say part of it -- part of the cash flow is timing and phasing. But equally, a part of it is as well just sustained improvement in our earnings, in our reduction in restructuring as well as working capital, which we would expect to sustain.
Eric Larson : Yes. Just -- so to finish up on the -- one part of the question. This will be -- I'll be done with this after this. So are you able to run your plants today to help build some of your inventory and maybe some at retail too? We know those inventories are depleted. Or are you still just running to kind of meet current demand? 
Amit Banati: I think it depends on the platform. And I think it depends -- so in some platforms, we're running flat out to service the elevated demand. In others where we can, we're taking the opportunity to catch up on capital expenditure. So I think it varies across the platforms. 
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery : I just want to actually go back to MorningStar Farms. Clearly, got the outstanding growth and stands out against your other categories. How do you think about the opportunity outside the U.S.? We've seen competitors make a push there. Certainly, there's some scale that's not the same as you have in the U.S., but what are your ambitions to launch internationally? 
Steve Cahillane : Yes. Thanks for the question, Michael. What I'd say is, right now the priority is the United States. It's a huge opportunity. MorningStar Farms is a very big brand. So clearly, winning in the U.S. is -- and competing in the U.S. is the number 1 priority for us. We are, outside the U.S., in Australia, New Zealand, currently. And so we are experimenting, and we'll see what the opportunity is and how it presents itself. But we believe that priority 1 is the United States because of the size of the market and because of the advantage we have having MorningStar Farms as a very established brand. 
Operator: The next question is from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer : Steve, you mentioned investing for future in your summary slide. And certainly, that's not new to Kellogg this year. It seems 3-plus years you've been doing a lot of heavy lifting in your business, particularly in the U.S., with the rolling thunder of investments in snacks and cereal and frozen this year. And it seems like you've done some good repositioning that in addition to COVID-related demand, maybe creating additional room to invest or reinvest. So I'm wondering how you're thinking longer-term about the need to reinvest versus the investment rates that you've been doing in recent years? And what are you reviewing as you get through COVID to assess that need to reinvest?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks, David. So we have put money behind our brands. We’ve put investment behind our brands. And we've seen the benefits of that flowing through. And we are singularly focused on balanced growth. So we're pleased with the top-line performance pre-COVID and obviously we get the bump from COVID. And when you look at the financial results of this year, based on the new guidance that we just updated today, you see a P&L that looks very solid and very balanced with good top-line growth, margins improving and a nice bottom-line performance. And so we also like the type of investment that we have currently behind our brands, when you think about it as a percentage of net sales, for example. And so as we think forward, we like where we are in terms of our brand-building spend, and we would see that continuing. So we don't see any great need for a big insurgent into any particular area. We benefited from being able to invest this year. In particular when you think about the level of investment in the second half of the year because of the COVID crisis, we had this concentration of lots of consumer messaging going into the back half of this year, into the fourth quarter, we believe will allow us to enter 2021 with lots of good momentum and lots of brand building and equity that's been invested into our brands. And so we like where we stand today in terms of the health of our brands and the momentum of our brands.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe : I just had a question for you in relation to the progress you've made towards that $60 million spending that you talked about from the first half shortfall. I know you're double-digit this quarter and expect to be in the fourth quarter as well. Can you say how much of that you got done in the third quarter? And I'm curious if that -- maybe not so much of that figure, but if your rate of spending overall has changed, has it gone up at all by chance, just given the rate of elevated demand and the returns you're seeing from that investment? 
Steve Cahillane : Yes, thanks, Chris. So roughly speaking, we got about a third of it off in the third quarter. And so we're obviously planning on two-thirds of it off in the fourth quarter, which leads to double-digit brand building against various platforms. That's on top of what we had already planned. And so that's what I was just saying in the previous question. That's why we've got this concentration of really good brand messaging happening in the back half of the year and with good ROIs. And so we're very pleased with the type of performance we're getting from it. But remember, too, that these are -- a lot of this is to build the longer-term equity of our brands and enter 2021 with good momentum.  Now having said all that, there's all this uncertainty, right? And so what happens with everything from movie releases to college football bowls in the fourth quarter remains an uncertainty. So we'll continue to have to be agile in how we think about where the right places to invest are, but we're determined to invest against our brands to continue to build the equity, to drive the right ROIs and to enter 2021 with real solid momentum.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow : Steve or Amit, I was wondering if you could give us a sense of what total advertising will be for the year. Is it going to be up a lot? Or -- because you're giving first half, second half kind of information, but it's hard for us to put in context for the whole year. And also, when you look at the 10-K, your advertising was down 10% last year. So as a percentage of sales basis, can you give us some color on what you think the right level is?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks, Rob. So for the full year, we'll be up mid-single digits ex the divestiture, right? And we'll be up, as I just mentioned, double-digits in the second half of the year. And so that's why I talk about 2021 entering with real momentum. And we believe that, that gives us the right level from a percentage of sales, roughly speaking, of where we want to be. Now we always reserve the right with great ROIs and great ideas to go plus or minus. But when you look at the momentum that we've got in our net sales pre-COVID and what we built last year, we felt like we were getting significantly good returns on our advertising spend last year. And if you'll recall, we exited fourth quarter with 2.7% growth, and that was pre-COVID. So we were clearly getting the benefit of the type of investments that we were making over the course of the last 3 years, really. And so -- and they came with some surges and some tactical movements around. But if you just go back to the top-line and see the top-line momentum that was building over the course of last year, we feel like we were deploying that advertising spending in very good ways, with good returns that were getting us exactly what we wanted. And obviously, this year, everything went completely into replanning after COVID. But again, we'll finish the year with mid-single-digit advertising spend ex-divestiture with real momentum in the back half of the year because of the concentration and double-digit nature of the investment in quarter three and quarter four.
Robert Moskow : And just a follow-up. Is mid-single-digit pretty much what you were expecting to do? Or did you increase it beyond? Because you've made a lot of comments here about now is the time. So is this an increase versus the original plan?
Steve Cahillane: It's a slight increase, Rob, to the original plan, but pretty close. And so if you recall last quarter, on our earnings, I talked about how we were bound and determined to spend what we had planned on spending, and that gives us the type of concentration in the second half and the momentum. So up slightly from even that, but just slightly. But you can think about it kind of in terms of spending our full year allocated budget against our brands. 
Operator: The next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Just a couple of quick questions for me. First, the -- we've obviously seen cereal sales decelerate from where they were last quarter, but a sub-1% growth figure from you this quarter did surprise me. Is that reflective of maybe some inventory that had to come down after you restock last quarter? Or is it foodservice now or the education facilities becoming a bigger part of the business? What exactly is driving that weakness?
Steve Cahillane : Yes, Jason. It really -- you didn’t point to the double-digit declines in away-from-home channels, and that's a sizable portion of our business as well as the on-the-go pack formats. If you take away those declines in away-from-home in particular, the rest of the business was up mid-single digits, right? And if you look at our consumption, you can see that as well, up mid-single-digits. So it really is the away-from-home channels that drove that. 
Jason English : And is away-from-home a bigger piece of the business as we get into the school year? 
Steve Cahillane : Yes. The answer to that is yes. And now there's a great deal of uncertainty, obviously, with what really happens with schools. And we all see that in our daily lives. Schools going back and then going into hybrid and then getting shut down. And so it's a very fluid situation. But from a consumption standpoint, we still see the elevated demand, and we still see the benefits of COVID, but it is definitely counterbalanced by the away-from-home softness. 
Jason English : Sure. My next question is on trade spend. It's -- a lots of other folks in the industry are seeing really good price realization right now because promotional levels are still subdued. The Nielsen data certainly suggests promotion levels are equally subdued for you, but we're not seeing the same type of price benefit. Why is that? Is your trade spend not coming down? And if it's not coming down, if it's staying where it is, where is the money going if it's not funding promotions?
Amit Banati : So Jason, we don't -- we won't get into the specifics of trade. But I think from an overall standpoint, we're seeing the price mix come through. I think within that, there is a very marked category shift. I think we talked that in our last call, just the mix between cereal and snacks and different rates there -- different rates between the channels. I think that's probably driving some of the negatives. But overall, we're seeing price mix come through. .
Steve Cahillane : Operator, we are at 10:30. So we're going to have to wrap it up. 
Operator: Okay. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to John Renwick for any closing remarks.
John Renwick: Thanks everyone for your interest. And if you have follow-up questions, please do not hesitate to call us.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Please note, this event is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Lending for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our second quarter results as well as updates regarding our outlook for 2020. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman, and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer. Slide 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to this third slide of the presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. This is a particular note during the current COVID-19 pandemic when the length and severity of the crisis and resultant economic and business impacts are so difficult to predict. A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, August 6. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of kelloggcompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on a currency-neutral basis for net sales. And on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. And now I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. These are certainly unusual and troubling times. The pandemic drags on with cases rising again in many states and countries that had just begun to reopen. And recent events around racial injustices have only added to an environment that is both uncertain and worrisome. It goes without saying that these crises have touched us all in some way, and our hearts go out to individuals and families that have been directly affected, and we certainly hope you and your families and friends are staying safe. As a company with heart and soul, it has been very important for us to maintain ongoing communication with our stakeholders about what we are doing to keep each other safe.  How we continue to supply our markets with food and how we are giving back to our communities. We've also worked to increase our open dialogue about diversity and inclusion, which we deem to be inherent in our company's values. This is included stepped-up actions like incremental donations to the NAACP, town halls, and testimonials by employees, professors, and authors, and we will continue to do so.  So we are certainly operating in unprecedented times. And from our employees on the front lines, in our plants and distribution centers and now back in stores, to our employees working from their homes, this organization has come together and rallied to the occasion like nothing I've ever seen before. From a business perspective, turning to Slide 5, we're managing well through the crisis. Our 1 priority, of course, has been keeping our employees and their families safe as best as we can. We've talked previously about the investments and process changes we have made, and we will remain vigilant to protect our people. We've told you that we feel we have an incredible responsibility in supplying food during this time. I'm happy to report that we've experienced no major supply disruptions and managed to increase our production and keep up our service levels in spite of higher-than-expected demand in many markets. We continue to aid our communities through volunteer hours and through what is now nearly $15 million in cash and food donations that we've made since this crisis began. These are our priorities during the crisis, and we are executing well against them. Turning to Slide 6. It was in the usual quarter, to say the least. In addition to executing against our crisis priorities, we again delivered exceptional results in the second quarter, even amidst a very uncertain environment and new unusual ways of working. Our net sales came in much higher than expected. We'd assume that at-home consumption growth would decelerate meaningfully during the second quarter, but with prolonged prices, it held up higher and for longer than we had forecast. And in some of our categories, retailers were able to catch up to demand and rebuild inventory. Meanwhile, declines in away-from-home channels persisted, and our emerging markets did not slow down as much as we had expected given COVID disruptions and recessionary conditions.  We also generated higher-than-expected operating profit. The higher-than-projected volume ran through our well-utilized plants, driving strong operating leverage. This more than offset significant incremental COVID-related costs in the quarter, mainly around safety, employee benefits, temporary labor, and logistics. The net of this was an unusually large increase in gross profit. Our operating profit also received a temporary boost from the deferral of various investments. We again shifted brand building investments in the second half, particularly investment in activities that we tied to canceled or delayed sporting events, movie releases, and innovation launches. We also shifted some overhead and capital investment to the second half. As a result, we have seen an even larger shift of the year's operating profit into the first half. It's important to recognize that we also executed well, and there are clear signs that our underlying business is in good shape.  For instance, we continue to increase household penetration aided by our ability to get food into the market and to adjust our brand communication. There is trial, repeat, and reappraisal that can benefit us long after the crisis finally passes.  All other signs of execution include our improved category share performance, including some brands that we've been revitalizing through fresh brand messaging. And our supply chain is operating well, gradually improving our service levels amidst unusually challenging circumstances. All of these contributed to an outsized financial delivery in Q2. So let's discuss what this means for our full year, turning to Slide 7. We recognize that many companies have refrained from giving guidance in this uncertain environment, and we can understand why. There are a number of variables that are extremely uncertain right now. So today, we're going to offer you our planning stance for the second half and how we are approaching some of these variables, and we are raising our full year guidance to reflect our over-delivery in the first half. From a net sales standpoint, our increased full year outlook reflects the strong growth we delivered in the first half as well as a slightly improved top-line outlook for the second half. We won't get more aggressive than that because too many variables are simply too uncertain. From a profit and earnings standpoint, we do know that our second half profit will be weighted down by investment. Most of this increased second half investment is simply shifted from the first and second quarters, the result of focusing on supply and postponing promotional activity tied to canceled events. Specifically, in the second half, we plan to return to full commercial programming and to completely invest our full year brand building budget.  Again, there are many unique assumptions that we have to make in formulating an outlook right now. The length and severity of the COVID crisis and related economic recession is not knowable. But Amit will walk you through our key planning assumptions in a moment. Suffice it to say, we feel very good about having a front-weighted profit delivery this year and a strengthened commercial plan for the second half. So with that, let me turn it over to Amit, who will take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with Slide 9 and a reminder of our financial approach during the crisis. Employee safety is the top priority, and we will continue to invest in this area in safety supplies, temperature checks, and incremental cleaning protocols as well as information technology to facilitate working remotely. To supply the market with food, we've continued to focus production on priority SKUs, utilize temporary labor where necessary, and reward our frontline workers with bonuses and benefits. We've also invested in logistics to get food to our customers as quickly as possible. We've continued to ensure financial flexibility which is particularly important in this environment of economic recession and volatile financial markets.  Our cash flow has been very strong, enabling us to carry higher-than-usual cash balances and shows strong liquidity and reduce debt leverage. And we've remained committed to investing in the future. As Steve mentioned, the crisis led us to defer some commercial activity and investments to the second half, and we plan to execute not only those shifted investments but also incremental investments that can be funded by our strong first half earnings and cash flow. So this is the context in which we view our financial results and outlook. Slide 10 summarizes our results for the second quarter and first half. As Steve mentioned, these strong results reflect good execution in an unprecedented environment. There really were 2 big factors that exceeded our expectations for the quarter. First, at-home consumption in developed markets did decelerate through the quarter, but not nearly as quickly as we had anticipated back in April, particularly as we improved our share performance in key markets and categories.  And second, our emerging markets did slow amidst lockdowns and economic slowdowns, but we managed through them well and they did not slow by as much as we had expected. From a margin perspective, the better-than-expected volume and very strong supply chain execution resulted in greater operating leverage than expected, more than offsetting higher incremental COVID costs, which amounted to more than $20 million in quarter two, a sizable increase from quarter 1. We also found ourselves having to delay more brand investment into the second half than previously anticipated, acting with agility to shift plans due to postponed events and supply constraints. These were the key underlying drivers in the quarter. On top of that, of course, was the mechanical impact of last year's divestiture. The absence of those businesses' results negatively impacted organic net sales by approximately 6% in quarter two and about 8% year-to-date. Its negative impact on adjusted basis operating profit was more than 8% in quarter two and 10% year-to-date. We lapped the divestiture this week. So we'll have only 1 month impact in quarter three. Below operating profit, we continue to prioritize debt reduction, making no share buybacks in the quarter and reducing our interest expense on lower net debt. Other income benefited from changes to certain pension funds in the quarter, though this was offset by a higher-than-projected effective tax rate. The result of all of these is in earnings per share and cash flow that again came in ahead of pace. Taking into a little more detail, let's look at net sales growth on Slide 11. Our organic basis net sales growth was 9% year-on-year in the quarter, slightly higher than our first quarter growth. This organic growth was again driven by volume, reflecting the pandemic-related demand, which end up higher and for longer than expected.  Our price/mix was modestly negative in the quarter, owing to category and country mix. Once again, our organic net sales growth was across all 4 regions and across all 4 global category groups: snacks, cereals, frozen foods and noodles, and other.  The divestiture impact in quarter two reflects the absence of those businesses. In quarter three, we'll have only 1 month of impact translating into approximately negative 2% of net sales. Currency was adverse in quarter two, owing to the dollar strengthening against key currencies back in March. Now let's turn to profit margins on Slide 12. As we've discussed previously, our goal this year was to finish 2020 at a stable level year-on-year on gross profit margin. Obviously, the surge in at-home demand and the resultant operating leverage has moved this plan from being a gradual improvement across the year to being a front-weighted plan. During quarter two, we saw a substantial year-on-year increase in gross margin, reflecting not only operating leverage from higher volume but also a moderation of what had been a meaningfully negative margin mix trend towards emerging markets. In the pandemic-affected second quarter, emerging markets actually grew less than developed markets. In a moment, I'll discuss why we view this large quarter two gain as temporary. But this front-weighted performance does offer increased confidence in our full year outlook for gross profit margin. At the operating profit margin, the improvement was also substantial in quarter two and also mostly timing related. As we've discussed previously, a good portion of our brand-building investment had to be shifted to the second half, particularly investment that was tied to external events or innovation launches that have been postponed. We are repurposing that investment into brand activities in the second half. Let's discuss cash flow and capital structure on Slide 13. Our cash flow continued to be strong in quarter two, up significantly year-on-year. This brings our year-to-date cash flow to more than $750 million, our strongest first half performance in years, even despite the absence of businesses we divested last July. Some of this is timing. Our earnings are front half-weighted this year with significant investment delayed to the second half. And as we did not want to disrupt our supply chain during the first half, our capital expenditure is weighted to the second half as well.  However, this strong year-on-year performance also reflects continued strong working capital management and reduced cash outlays related to restructurings. The next chart on the slide shows our net debt position. A combination of last year's divestiture proceeds and strong year-to-date cash flow have enabled us to pay down debt year-on-year and carry higher-than-usual cash balances around the world. In fact, at quarter end, our cash position was again over $1 billion. Our bond offering in May was very successful, indicating confidence in our balance sheet and cash flow and resulting in low interest rates. Our liquidity is excellent. In addition to our high cash balances, we retain access to commercial paper, and we have $2.5 billion of unused backup facilities. We're taking a proactive approach to financial flexibility in an uncertain operating environment, and we feel good about our liquidity and balance sheet going into the second half. Let's now discuss our rest of year outlook, starting with Slide 14. Obviously, this is a time of tremendous uncertainty and myriad variables can yield a wide range of outcomes. We want to give you visibility into the assumptions around which we are planning for the second half, specifically related to the pandemic and our investment plans. First, we plan for net sales growth to slow in the second half. We assume that at-home demand in developed markets continue to decelerate week-to-week through quarter three. Our outlook still considers the likelihood of prolonged softness in our away-from-home channels, including channels like travel and lodging that may take longer to stabilize and recover. And we assume that our emerging markets businesses will continue to feel the impact of COVID disruption and economic recession in the second half. Next, we view much of our outsized Q2 improvement in gross profit margin to be temporary. As we enter the second half, we lap the divestiture. So that particular year-on-year benefit obviously goes away. We also assume that we'll have less operating leverage in the second half as volume slows. And we'll have some plant-related changeovers as we resume production of paused SKUs. We'll sustain much of the direct COVID costs, particularly around safety and cleaning, and we will have less productivity savings this year due to delays in capital investments during the crisis. The result is year-on-year pressure on gross margin in the second half. And finally, we will execute a substantial year-on-year increase in investment in brands and capabilities. There is principally the advertising and promotion investment that shifted out of the first half and into the second half. And on top of that, there is also some incremental investment. In addition, there is incremental overhead and capital that reflects our desire to invest behind capabilities. Simply put, we are taking the profit upside we realized in the first half and putting it to good use: investment for future growth in categories that just got more exciting. So this is how we are viewing the crisis from a financial perspective in the second half. Again, as I'm sure you can appreciate, it's hard to say how the crisis will play out. But these are the assumptions we are planning around at this time. Now let's put it all together and look at our full year guidance shown on Slide 15. As Steve mentioned, we are raising our guidance for the year. Based on our second half planning assumptions, we now expect to finish 2020 with organic net sales growth of around 5%. This implies a modest improvement to our previous growth forecast for the second half and a substantial increase to our full year guidance.  We now expect currency-neutral adjusted operating profit to decline by only about 1%, which is about 3 percentage points better than our previous guidance and still includes roughly 6 percentage points of negative impact from our divestiture. This improved profit picture reflects a sizable growth in the first half, partially offset by shifted and incremental investments coming into the second half.  This increase in investment will weigh down operating profit in quarter three, in particular. Our outlook for currency-neutral adjusted earnings per share also improves meaningfully to a year-on-year decline of only about 1%, despite a negative impact of about 5% from the divestiture. This raised EPS guidance is driven by the increased outlook for operating profit. Below operating profit, our other income line benefits from quarter 2's favorable pension changes, but this should be roughly offset by an increased tax rate, owing to some unfavorable tax items recognized in quarter two, which will put us closer to a 22.5% rate for the year. Cash flow is now forecast to be about $1 billion, the high end of our previous guidance range. This improvement reflects our raised earnings outlook, partially offset by increased capital expenditure as we invest for the future. As I said, this is our planning stance. Yes, there could be upside if at-home consumption remains more elevated than we have assumed. However, there could also be downside if emerging markets feel greater pressure from recessionary impacts or if we suffer unanticipated supply chain disruptions related to the pandemic.  We think this is an appropriate planning stance, and we are pleased to be able to raise guidance while also investing more for the future. And with that, let me turn it back to Steve for a review of each of our major businesses.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. I'll now do our normal walk through the regions. Even keeping in mind the uniqueness of the current environment, and therefore, the timing related benefits to sales and operating profit, we saw good underlying execution and performance in all of our regions and all 4 of the global category groups. Let's begin with North America in Slide 17. We've had a strong quarter in first half of 2020 as the pandemic has lifted demand for at-home consumption. The result was organic net sales growth of 11% in quarter two, which turned out to be even higher than our 6% growth in quarter 1. This elevated consumption was most pronounced in meal-oriented categories, which for us is cereal, frozen breakfast, and frozen veggie foods. Reversing what happened in quarter 1, shipment growth in quarter two to retail channels exceeded consumption growth, mainly in cereal, suggesting replenishment of retailers' inventory. We were also rebuilding our own inventory during quarter two, helping us to improve our service levels and adding to an unusually large margin benefit from operating leverage in the quarter. This, too, has a timing element to it. Not surprisingly, our away-from-home business declined sharply in quarter two, though we managed it well. We've mitigated sales declines in the schools channel by shifting toward emergency feeding programs and our declines in convenience stores have begun to moderate. That said, our sales in the restaurants remain down sharply, and we are seeing our sharpest declines in vending and travel and lodging, with the latter likely to remain soft for some time. In Canada, we recorded double-digit organic net sales growth, led by elevated consumption growth in cereal and frozen breakfast and veggie foods as well as our expansion of Cheez-It. Importantly, we gained share in 4 of our 6 main categories there. North America's profit growth was notably strong in quarter two, and this reflects the unusually high operating leverage and a shift of investment to the second half. Let's take a look at each of our 3 major category groupings in North America, starting with our largest, snacks, on Slide 18. This is the business affected by the divestiture. But on an organic basis, it had another good quarter with net sales increasing 6% year-on-year. Our crackers consumption in the U.S. increased by almost 9% in quarter two, gaining share of the category.  Cheez-It continue to grow at a double-digit rate, and we also saw share gains by our Club and Cars brands reflecting their orientation toward at-home occasions as a company man crackers. In salty snacks, Pringles grew consumption by almost 12%, modestly trailing the category because of declines in immediate consumption pack formats. The brand's core four flavors collectively grew in line with the category. In portable wholesome snacks, we've gained share behind double-digit growth in Pop-Tarts and continued growth in Rice Krispies Treats. These brands are more than offsetting softness in the overall category, which has been declining because of the on-the-go nature of so many of its products. For us, this has included RXBAR. As we move to the second half, we expect to see moderating at-home consumption growth against tougher year-ago comparisons, but with the resumption of commercial programming and investment. Now let's turn to North America cereal and Slide 19. The U.S. and Canadian cereal categories continued to see elevated levels of consumption during quarter two. And in both markets, our quarter two net sales got further lift from replenishing retailer inventories. In the United States, our cereal consumption was up almost 16% year-on-year, outpacing the category. Importantly, we are gaining share not only behind taste/fun brands like Froot Loops but also behind health and wellness-oriented brands that we set out to revitalize this year through refreshed messaging and media. Special K gained share in quarter two as is Mini-Wheats and Raisin Bran. We are also excited about the consumer trial and rediscovery we are seeing from new and lapsed users in cereal. Household penetration continued to rise sequentially and year-over-year in quarter two, and we are tailoring our messaging and media to reaching out to these consumers. We're not only growing consumption faster than the category but we're also increasing household penetration faster than the category. As we enter the second half, we've returned to normal merchandising activity. Not only versus the first half when investment was delayed but also against last year when we were only just coming out of the pack-sized harmonization during the year ago third quarter. We're certainly encouraged by the momentum we're building in our cereal business. Now let's turn to our North America frozen foods Business and Slide 20. These categories saw very elevated at-home demand continue in quarter two, driving very strong net sales growth. In what we call the frozen from the griddle category, our Eggo brand posted consumption growth of about 26% during the quarter, gaining substantial share, while our Kashi brand grew about 19%. We outpaced each of the category's 3 product segments: waffles, pancakes, and french toast, aided by strong innovation and renovation we have done over the past year. In frozen veggie foods, our Morningstar Farms brand grew consumption by more than 31% in the quarter, failing to keep up with the category only because we ran up against our capacity in the quarter. Both of these categories are seeing increased household penetration.  So even as at-home demand inevitably decelerates, we see an opportunity to increase our communication to take advantage of the increased household penetration. Indeed, in the second half, we will be investing in this communication as well as in the launch of Incogmeato. You'll recall that this is the refrigerated sub-line of our Morningstar Farms brand, whose launch was deferred to the second half because of retailer resets getting delayed because of the crisis.  So another big quarter for Kellogg North America. And even though much of its first half profit growth will reverse in quarter three and quarter 4 when we see growth rates moderate and our investments get executed, there's no doubt that our business in North America will emerge from 2020 much stronger. Now let's discuss our international businesses, starting with Europe on Slide 21. Europe had another solid quarter. Specifically, we realized elevated cereal consumption growth across all of our key markets in Europe as shown on the slide. And equally importantly, we've gained share in each of our top 5 cereal markets namely the U.K., France, Germany, Italy, and Spain. Our Krave brand, known as Tresor in some markets, is up 25% year-to-date and has become the 1 cereal brand in Europe.  Special K, the 3 cereal brand in Europe, has kept up with the category so far this year, attributed to our packaging and messaging overhauls. Coco Pops, another brand in Europe's top 5 also outpaced the category. So between at-home demand rising during the pandemic and strong execution and share gains by our team, our cereal net sales grew at a double-digit rate in quarter two. Our net sales in snacks, however, declined in the quarter as expected. You'll recall that with the cancellation of the Euro Cup soccer tournament, we had to cancel a 360-degree marketing program that was a strong plan to grow Pringles on top of 2 years of exceptional summer programs.  Due to the agility and creativity of our brand team, we were able to move to a combination of smaller programs, which successfully held Europe's Pringles sales flat year-on-year. Our only soft spot in the quarter was portable wholesome snacks, whose on-the-go orientation has pulled down the entire category and our share remained relatively stable. As we focused on supplying the market with food, we did defer more of Kellogg Europe's overall brand investment to the second half, which effectively shifted profit into the first half and out of the second half. We're very pleased with how we are executing in Europe. Let's turn to Latin America and Slide 22. Amidst a growing COVID crisis and an uncertain economic environment, our Latin American business is performing well. Net sales in the quarter grew 14% on an organic basis during quarter two, which was much more than we expected for two reasons. First, at home demand growth actually accelerated in this region as the COVID outbreak worsened.  This was especially the case for meal-oriented categories in the modern trade channels. For us, this had a major effect on cereal, and we saw double-digit consumption growth in key cereal markets across the region during quarter two. And second, retailers proceeded with their summer promotions as normal in June, whereas we had anticipated some execution delays given COVID limitations. The result was higher-than-expected cereal net sales which more than offset impacts of recessionary economic environment and general softness in snacking categories, particularly in high-frequency stores or mom-and-pop's and on-the-go channels. Our snacking categories have not seen a lift in demand, particularly in on-the-go-oriented categories like wholesome snacks, and particularly in markets like Brazil where high-frequency stores predominate. The good news is that Pringles continued to grow consumption and gain share in key markets like Mexico and Brazil. With COVID cases on the rise and an economy that is clearly soft, we remain cautious in our outlook for Latin America's second half, particularly with new labeling restrictions in Mexico. But there is no question that our team is managing well through a difficult environment. And finally, we'll discuss EMEA, shown on Slide 23. EMEA also exceeded expectations in the second quarter. Cereal sales remained strong, sustaining a mid-single-digit growth rate as at-home consumption remained elevated in the more developed markets of the region. We also performed well within these cereal markets. In Australia and South Africa, for instance, our strong double-digit consumption growth rates were enough to gain multiple points of share in those growing cereal categories. The biggest positive surprise in the quarter was Multipro, the distributor portion of our rapidly growing business in West Africa.  COVID lockdowns and a softening economy did indeed slow growth from Multipro, but certainly not as much as we anticipated. Where we did see softness, as expected, was in snacks in the Middle East and other emerging markets like India, related to COVID disruption and slowing economies. Nevertheless, despite challenging macro environment, we still managed to deliver good top-line growth in this region in quarter two, and our profit growth was augmented further by delays in brand investment to the second half.  We see quarter 2's top-line growth remaining at a decelerated pace in the second half, given the macro environment, but we like how we are managing through the crisis overall in EMEA. So allow me to summarize with Slide 25. The company continues to execute well amidst the crisis. It hasn't been easy. It has required courage and flexibility in the part of our employees, and it has required considerable incremental costs in the form of safety and cleaning, temporary labor, additional freight, and bonuses for our deserving frontline employees, and its working. We're keeping our employees safe. We're supplying food to customers and consumers. We're giving back to the community. And we're enhancing our financial flexibility. Meanwhile, we're very grateful for our partnerships with our suppliers, and our retail customers during these challenging times. It is this execution that has enabled us to deliver even better results than we had anticipated in both quarter 1 and quarter two and both in market and our financial results.  This has important implications. We are able to raise our financial forecast for the year, delivering more net sales, more operating profit, more earnings per share, and more cash flow than we had planned. And yet, at the same time, we are also able to reinvest back in the business during the second half. This means investing to revitalize more of the brands in our portfolio and reaching out to new and lapsed users who have rediscovered our foods during the crisis. It means we can invest more in capabilities that will give us a leg up in the marketplace, such as data and analytics, digital and e-commerce, and packaging. And in the end, it means we can finish 2020 with both better-than-expected financial performance and come out a stronger company. It means we can improve our financial flexibility in a time of great uncertainty, and it only solidifies our path towards balanced and consistent growth in sales, profit, and cash flow over time. Before we close, I want to extend a heartfelt thank you to our employees, their bravery, dedication, and hard work are exemplary. And their engagement during this time of crisis has been inspiring. It just reaffirms that Kellogg has a truly special culture. And with that, we'll open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe: I had two questions for you. The first one just be -- would be there's some -- a lot of shifts and movement occurring this quarter, especially behind marketing. As we're trying to get a sense of the fixed cost leverage, no doubt that's a benefit to margins and help drive profit growth. Can you give a better sense of how that leverage took hold? Maybe how much marketing shift into the second half of the year?  I don't know if there's a way you can give kind of a gross margin discussion in terms of the various costs that occurred in the quarter as well. So I'm just trying to look at the leverage and the profit growth that occurred kind of absent the unique items.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Chris. I'll start, and then I think Amit will build on it. First, obviously, we had monumental changes in the first half. If you think about, at the very beginning, the March Madness, obviously being canceled, NBA on and on, everything just got canceled. So that led us to making big shifts in marketing and investment, which we plan on, as we said in the prepared remarks, to fully invest in the second half. Order of magnitude, we're talking about being as much as $60 million, 6-0 in shift from the first half into the second half, much of that advertising and promotion. And a lot of it will be weighted towards quarter three, which we're obviously in right now. You want to talk about maybe, look at the operating leverage, Amit?
Amit Banati: Sure. So Chris, just on gross margin, obviously, we had a very strong gross margin performance in the quarter. I think if I were to kind of break down the drivers of that, the divestiture was about 60 basis points, which was just mechanical as it flowed through. We did have incremental costs related to COVID of around $22 million, so that was about a 50 basis points headwind during the quarter. Input costs were roughly neutral. So largely, the balance of the gross margin was driven really by two things: one, the operating leverage coming through, and also a positive margin mix. So as the growth was more pronounced and moved away from snacks towards RTEC and noodles that that created a positive margin mix for us in the quarter. I think as we look to the second half, we'd expect the margin mix to be neutral, and then obviously, with lower volume growth, the operating leverage would be lower in the second half. And overall, we remain confident of our guidance on a stable gross profit margin for the year.
Christopher Growe: And just in relation to that leverage point you made, did the increase in inventories that occurred, both your own and at retail, did that -- how much does that contribute to the gross margin then?
Amit Banati: Well, I think it was -- I think in terms of the inventories specifically, we did see a replenishment of inventory.
Steven Cahillane: Trade inventory.
Amit Banati: Of trade inventory. But from an overall standpoint, right, I think the leverage was driven by the increased production in the quarter.
Operator: Next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Impressive results this quarter, congratulations to you and your organization. The North American cereal business was especially impressive. But as we look at consumption, it looks like the demand is waning despite the breakfast occasion being one of the slowest to recover in the away-from-home market. I was hoping you could sort of opine on why you think we're seeing the cereal business fade? Or at least consumption levels fade faster than most other at-home categories?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jason. What I'd say about cereal consumption, it's moved around. It's been pretty choppy. And if you look at the latest syndicated data, it actually looks like it's coming back now. And so it's been choppier, and I think some of that might be stocking up. We do see trips down and baskets up, so people load up their pantry, but they are going through it.  And so I think we're just going to have to continue to take a wait-and-see approach because all of our panel research also suggests that consumption remains very strong and very robust. And we like our performance in that. And we're investing quite substantially in the back half of the year in a back-to-school program. You can see the Mission Tiger, which has been on air, which has been very successful in really gaining steam. So it's one to watch, obviously, but we're pretty confident that the at-home consumption is going to remain elevated. And we're assuming a deceleration, obviously, from the height of it as people become more mobile and things do return back to normal, but we're still seeing good overall consumption, although choppy.
Jason English: That's helpful. Good context. In light of that, why do you expect margin mix to not be a tailwind in the back half of the year? What's going to change to make that go net neutral or see the benefits fade?
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think, Jason, in the second, mix was favorable in the quarter, like I said, as we saw growth move from snacks towards RTEC and noodles. I think as we look at the second half, we expect that to moderate as we get back to more normal consumption levels. So that's the assumption. That's the planning assumption, underlying gross margin for the second half.
Operator: The next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Just two questions related to the second half. First, I guess as you're thinking about or you're planning for an increase in marketing expenses in the back half and especially in the third quarter. Can you just talk about how back-to-school is shaping up? And what changes you may be making to your sort of back-to-school promotions and merchandising? And then maybe just related -- or second, would be just on Pringles in Europe. I know that there's a change in merchandising there because you've done a lot relative to soccer in recent years. So can you just update us there in terms of what your changed plans are, I guess, for Pringles in Europe in the third quarter?
Steven Cahillane: Sure. Thanks for the question, Bryan. First, with respect to the back-to-school program and how we're thinking about the second half, I'd start by actually giving you some -- we didn't say it, but our actual advertising spend in the first half was still up year-over-year.  But obviously, in-store merchandising and promotions and consumer promotions affected by COVID in the first half. As we think about the back half, we were very purposeful in back-to-school, for example, in thinking about what the environment might be. Will kids be actually going back to brick-and-mortar? Will they be doing a hybrid? Will they be staying at home? So we believe our program works in any environment, and it's tied to literature and books and getting books into kids' hands tied to the purchase of our cereals. And so we think it's very good. We think it's very strong. And we think it's very versatile depending on what the environment may end up being. And so the team has worked very hard on it, and I think we've got a solid, solid program. With respect to Pringles, Pringles, obviously, in the first half, we had to lap the cancellation of the Euro Cup, which was huge. And we put a lot of effort into building that program to lap what it had been 2 years of exceptional performance in Pringles over the course of the summertime.  And now as we think about Q3 and Q4, we're taking the same type of approach. How do we put together programs around gaming, how do we put together programs that drive more in-store execution. We have our sales force back in store. So we have a lot more merchandising happening. And the fact that we were able to get to flat on Pringles in the first half of the year, lapping exceptional 2-year performances without the Euro Cup, I think, is a testament to the versatility and the agility of the team, and we expect that to continue in the second half. But it will be -- it will continue to be a challenge.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.
Robert Dickerson: Just had a quick question on your comment that you think maybe kind of consumption, let's say, demand, food-at-home, however, we want to define it in Q4 starts to normalize. Obviously, you have a lot of scenarios, right, I'm sure you put in place. But maybe if you could just provide a little bit more color as to what, in this case, what normalized means exactly? And then, I guess, number two, just kind of how you think broadly about food-at-home consumption versus what you were seeing in kind of on-the-go, just given you do have part of your portfolio in on-the-go and then foodservice, right?  And I just asked because if food-at-home consumption comes down a bit, maybe on-the-go improves a little bit, maybe foodservice recovery is slow but still improves. So just kind of holistically, what does normalization mean? And how are the moving parts impact that?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Rob. It's obviously an important question, and it's an unknowable, right? And we all have our hunches about what might happen, but it's an unknowable what happens with this virus. We expect that right now, we're still seeing at-home consumption obviously elevated. But as we think about planning and giving guidance for the rest of the year, the best that we felt we could do is take a planning stance that says it will decelerate. And in quarter 4, it will get back to a more normalized world. So that you can understand and you can make your own judgments about, do you think that's conservative? Do you think that's straight down the middle of the fairway? It's an unknowable, but it is our planning stance. Same thing for travel and lodging and away-from-home, we expect that that will continue to face pressure. Travel and lodging, probably more so than convenience, which we're seeing come back. We are seeing mobility grow but it's choppy. Obviously, then you have the virus wreaking havoc in many states in the southern part of the United States and that goes backwards. And so from a planning stance, that's why we tried to be as transparent as possible and tell you exactly what we're thinking. And then you can draw your conclusions as to exactly how you think that may change, particularly in quarter 4 and beyond.
Robert Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. And then just quickly, just in terms of the back half investments, let's say, you're not the only food company that's speaking to back half investments. Again, kind of broadly speaking is your feel that as a lot of companies have kind of experienced this increased tussled penetration lift that as we get through the back half generally, right, the kind of the brand investment will be up across all channels within food. And then maybe as we even think to 2021, those levels can remain high because everybody is essentially trying to keep that penetration as sticky as possible. That's it.
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Rob, I think that's right. If you think about just the environment that we're in, this elevated demand has made these categories more attractive than they've been in many, many years. Obviously, that a lot of that is driven by COVID. But it does drive reappraisal. It does drive increased penetration. Our penetration is up and our usage is up. And so these are big opportunities for us to continue to connect our brands with consumers in an environment of elevated demand, making as much of that stick as possible.  And so our whole goal with this investment in the second half is again, to fully spend what we plan to spend, but to come out of this a much stronger company, and we are very confident that we're going to be able to do that. Because we've got good brand plans. We're investing in organic growth opportunities that are more attractive than they have been in many, many years.  And so it's a crisis, obviously, but it's an opportunity for us to strengthen our brands, to make better connections with consumers, to build retailer programs that work for the retailers, that work for us, that work for consumers and drive stickiness and drive brand loyalty and, therefore, come out of this crisis and into next year in a much stronger position than when we entered it.
Operator: Next question is from David Driscoll with DD Research.
David Driscoll: I wanted to ask a little bit about this advertising and brand-building shift into the second half. Steve, what do you say to the question or concern from investors that moving a sizable amount of brand building will be less efficient in just 6 months versus had it been able to spend -- been able to be spent over a full 12 months?  Do you worry about the effectiveness of all of the spending that you're moving into the second half? And if not, why? Maybe give us a little bit of inside color here on why this spending is going to be highly effective and maybe on which brands? Is there some things that we all should be looking for to understand the good work that your team is doing?
Steven Cahillane: Great. Thanks, Dave. Good question. And we are very confident that we're going to have terrific ROIs on our brand spend. And the return on investment calculations will be very important as we plan out, and we'll guide exactly where we're spending. But it's also for the long-term, to build the long-term equities and continue to improve awareness, trial, and overall brand health of our brands. The other thing I would tell you is, and this is continuing, with people far less mobile and staying at home, our ability to connect with them continues to be very strong, maybe not as strong as April and May when the lockdowns were very severe, but people are less mobile, they're at home, and we know how to connect with them.  And that's what it's going to be about. So it's digital, it's social, it's traditional, all guided by ROIs and with very attractive categories. Look across our portfolio, cereal doing very well, frozen, breakfast, frozen veggie doing very well. Incogmeato, we've consolidated that launch into the back half of the year. That will be fully supported. And so there's a lot of really exciting things that we're spending our money against and that we're very excited about. But we'll be guided by the right ROIs and the long-term nature of building equities for our brands.
David Driscoll: One follow-up for me is, you mentioned that you have this expectation that everything moderates, and that's your planning expectation. Is there any concern that if you're wrong, if there's upside to this, will you have the capacity? Will you have the inventories to service elevated demand? So if you can see what I'm getting at, I'm just worried that if you tell the manufacturing team to only plan for a certain scenario of moderation, if it comes out better, maybe you don't actually have the inventories to meet retailer demand.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So I'd start by saying what our supply chain has done in the first half of this year has been extraordinary. And it starts with a commitment to keeping people safe to making sure that we've got the right procedures and processes in place. And none of that has changed. Our plans continue to run at a very high level even now. So we will do our best to stay agile to forecast as best as we possibly can and to make sure that we can execute against any potential upside, and so that's our planning stance. Certainly, we're working on how can we make it better. We're working on rebuilding inventories. Our service levels are still not where they were pre-COVID. They're certainly much better and continue to improve.  But the supply chain continues to really show exemplary performance and their ability to be agile and meet unexpected demand has proven itself. And if necessary, I think we've got a lot of confidence that they'll be able to meet whatever unforeseen future is in front of us.
Amit Banati: Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: And that question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Just a couple of questions from me. As you think about the uses of cash, given the big surge in free cash flow that you've got, where are you likely to channel that? And is it possible that you might target acquisitions? Or will you return to shareholders? That's my first question. And then second one actually relates to pricing. As I look in your press release, the pricing in North America and in Europe, particularly was down a price/mix. So down marginally, I think, 1 and a bit percent in North America, but down actually more profoundly, I think, minus 4.5% [Technical Difficulty]. And yet, when we look at the Nielsen data, the pricing is upon shelf, and I was just wondering if you can just speak to what the dynamics are there.
Amit Banati: All right. So I think just from a cash standpoint, I think we're looking to invest the cash, as Steve talked in brand building, increased CapEx. I think debt reduction continues to be a priority, so we're very focused on that as we've said throughout the course of this year.  So that will continue to remain the priority in the second half as well. And we're making good progress on that, as you saw in the prepared remarks. I think from a price/mix standpoint, pricing was actually positive in the quarter. I think what you're seeing is the mix, and it goes back to the category mix. We've seen growth move away from snacks towards RTEC and noodles. And on the price/mix line, that's negative. But on the gross margin line, that's actually a positive. So really, that's what's driving the price mix.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to John Renwick for any closing remarks.
John Renwick: Well, thank you. We are at the 10:30 point here. If you did not get to ask a question, I apologize, but I'm around all day. And hope you all have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company’s First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Please limit yourself to one question during the Q&A session. Thank you. Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for the Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our first quarter results, as well as our outlook for 2020. I’m joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer. Due to the pandemic and measures to stay safe, we are calling in from multiple locations and even time zones. So hopefully, technology will carry the day and we’ll all hear each other clearly throughout the call. Slide #3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company’s future performance, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to this third slide of the presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today’s conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, May 7. The call will also be available via webcast, which can be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of kelloggcompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on a currency-neutral basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. And now, I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Obviously, these are unprecedented times, and our hearts and thoughts go out to the families affected and lives disrupted by the coronavirus pandemic, and I sincerely hope you and your families are staying healthy and safe. Today, we’ll share with you what we’re doing to keep our employees safe and the markets supplied with food and how we’re giving back to the community. These are the priorities right now. Obviously, it has been nothing close to business as usual over the past few weeks and is not likely to be business as usual for sometime. That said, we’re pleased with the direction our business was going prior to the crisis, and we’re proud of the work we’ve done to manage the business during crisis. Today, we’ll discuss how the crisis has impacted our results and give you a sense of how we think the rest of the year could play out. And we’ll reassure you that while managing through this crisis, we are also taking prudent steps to ensure stable and dependable performance now and in the future. So let’s discuss our priorities during the crisis, starting with Slide #5. Our first priority, of course, is to keep our employees safe. We acted quickly to protect our employees, taking a global crisis management approach. We invested in incremental safety supplies, personal protection equipment, and cleaning protocols across our facilities. We took measures like temperature checks and social distancing protocols in our plants and distribution centers. We provided recognition bonuses, enhanced – and enhanced benefits like leave policies for our plant and distribution center employees. We implemented travel and meeting restrictions followed by work-from-home policies, investing in technology to make this possible. I meet daily with my leadership team to monitor, assess and make timely decisions, and we’re having regular worldwide updates via video conferences with all employees. Safety will continue to be our highest priority. Our next priority has been to ensure we are supplying food to the marketplace, as captured on Slide #6. As a food manufacturer, we have a unique role and responsibility during this crisis. Our beloved foods and brands are sought by consumers worldwide, making it so important for us to find ways to get our products to them. Fortunately, governments have established that food is designated as an essential service and we – we’re collaborating closely with them. As a result, since late February, we’ve been able to run our plants at full capacity in most markets around the world, increasing production by focusing on key items. We are working closely with our retailers to get them what they need. We’ve invested in additional warehouse space, redeployment of inventory and increased access to transportation. We’ve deferred certain commercial activations and product launches and we’ve invested in technology to support critical business and finance systems. I couldn’t be more proud of the way our supply chain has responded to these challenges. It hasn’t been easy. This has required a lot of extra planning, problem-solving and investment in execution. Another priority during the crisis has been aiding our communities as depicted on Slide #7. We pride ourselves for being a company with heart and soul, and we have stepped up our giving during this crisis, helping our food bank partners and neighbors in need during this pandemic. Local governments have specifically called out food security as a top priority in their fight against COVID-19. And so aligned with our Kellogg’s Better Days Program to aggress food and security around the world, Kellogg and our charitable funds have donated more than $10 million so far in food and funds to fund global COVID-19 food relief efforts. Around the world, we’re donating to everything from local food banks and school feeding programs to childcare centers, hospitals and senior care centers. All of this is completely consistent with Kellogg’s heritage and values, which makes this company truly special. So let’s turn to Slide #8 and put this into the context of business performance and financials. Prior to and during the accelerated global spread of the coronavirus, our base business is performing very well. We accelerated our organic net sales growth, even excluding the estimated impact of the pandemic in March, and we had continued to make progress toward offsetting mix headwinds and sequentially improving our gross profit margin. And as promised, we had boosted our brand-building investment behind targeted brands and categories around the world. We feel as strongly as ever that our Deploy for Growth strategy is working. Then, of course, the crisis hit and redirected our focus and plans. You’ve all seen the scanner data, notably for the United States and Western Europe, which showed a sharp acceleration in consumption growth, beginning around the first and second weeks of March. Since that time, we have been focused on producing and shipping food. Most of our plants have ramped up their production. While in some emerging markets, restrictions and logistical challenges prevent us from running at full capacity. While shipments have accelerated, so has our investment in our plans for safety and for our employee appreciation and benefits and in our logistics for incremental warehouse space and transportation. From a brand investment standpoint, many of our second quarter commercial activities, as well as product launches have been delayed to the third and fourth quarters. So where does this put us for the rest of the year? How long the crisis persists? And how quickly we can return to business as usual operations and commercial activities is obviously unknown at this point. So far, in quarter two, we’re seeing elevated if slowing at-home consumption, partially offset by severe softness and away-from-home channels, a slowing in certain emerging markets, high investment and utilization in our supply chain to get food to the marketplace and less commercial activation and innovation activity, as we and our customers focus on getting food on the shelf. Obviously, the third and fourth quarters are harder to predict. For now though, we are prudently assuming economic softness and investment shifts to create a profit offset to the first-half. Beyond the factors we cannot control, we are prepared to weather the crisis. Our employees are engaged and working to stay safe. We are supplying the market as best we can and our financial health is solid. We’re also taking a very close look at our plans in the event of a prolonged global economic slowdown. We’ve studied what worked well and what did not in past recessions and how this one could be different for the globe and for our portfolio. We strongly believe that our Deploy for Growth strategy with its focus on occasions, growth portfolio, world-class brands and service has us well prepared for making any necessary adjustments. So with that, let me turn it over to Amit, who will take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Amit Banati: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Clearly, our financial results and outlook have been affected by the pandemic. So I’ll do my best to sort through the financial puts and takes. Slide #10 outlines our financial approach since the crisis began. Employee safety is the top priority and we have invested in this area, in safety supplies, temperature checks, and incremental cleaning protocols. Additionally, we invested in information technology to facilitate working remotely. To supply the market with food, we’ve had to increase production quickly, focusing on priority SKUs and rewarding our people with bonuses and benefits. In addition, we’ve invested in logistics to get food to our customers as quickly as possible. We’ve also worked to ensure financial flexibility. As you know, we had already been focused on reducing our debt leverage this year, and this becomes even more important in an environment of economic recession and volatile financial markets. We continue to have good access to commercial paper markets and we have built up our cash balances around the world. We’ve also been proactive about locking into lower interest rates, reducing our long-term cost of debt. Meanwhile, we remain committed to investing in the future. The crisis has forced us to defer some commercial activity and investments to the second-half. But excluding the divestiture, we did increase our brand-building year-on-year in quarter one, mostly before the crisis really hit us in March. Now turning to Slide #11, let’s look at our financial results for the quarter. Obviously, there are a few moving parts, so I’ll do my best to bucket them. First, our bass business continues to perform very well. Even before and excluding the pandemic impact, our organic net sales growth was strong, even ahead of our expectations. We were also making progress toward our 2020 objective of stabilizing gross profit margin in spite of accelerated mix shifts towards emerging markets. And importantly, we had kicked off the incremental advertising and promotion investments that we had announced a few months ago. The second major factor is something that was already behind us, our divestiture at the end of July 2019. As we had indicated previously, quarter one is a seasonal outlier for this divested business, owing to its Girl Scout cookies. So in Q1, the divestiture impacted our year-on-year net sales growth by negative 9% to 10% and our operating profit growth by about 12%. The next factor is the pandemic. The surge in demand for packaged foods from increased at-home consumption started in early March. This probably contributed approximately half of our organic net sales growth in quarter one. The additional sales growth drove profit growth at low margins due to increased costs and investments around safety, logistics and IT, as well as decisions made that affected our base business. As you know, the crisis did trigger a sharp strengthening of the U.S. dollar against key foreign currencies, creating a much larger-than-expected negative impact on our reported results. Lastly, on earnings per share, we saw the expected pension expense benefit from higher year-on-year pension fund asset valuation at the beginning of the year. And while our decision to prioritize debt reduction did decrease our interest expense as planned, our shares outstanding bid float higher. The result of all of these is an earnings per share that came in well ahead of pace, but that we feel is largely timing-related, as we’ll discuss in a moment. Importantly, our cash flow is also well ahead of pace, which is important as we prioritize financial flexibility going into an economic slowdown. So the results are affected by the pandemic and other factors, but we’ll walk you through them in a bit more detail. Let’s start at the top of the P&L with net sales growth on Slide #12. On organic basis, net sales growth surged to 8% year-on-year in the quarter. We estimate that the pandemic impact drove about half of this growth, suggesting our base business grew at a rate of about 4%. In other words, even excluding the pandemic impact, our base business was accelerating its growth sequentially yet again. Volume growth surged to more than 8%, led by the pandemic-related orders, as well as by a particularly strong quarter for Multipro, the distribution portion of our business in West Africa. This mix shift towards Multipro is a big reason our price mix was slightly negative in the quarter. In fact, while the mix for the total company was negative, pricing remained positive. Our organic net sales growth was across all four regions and across all four category groups within each region: snacks, cereals, frozen foods and noodles and other. The divestiture impact we already discussed. Now that we are past lapping Girl Scout season, this divestiture impact will be less negative, with quarter two’s impact looking like 2019’s quarter four negative 5% to 6% impact: and quarter three, only a partial quarter of impact, more like negative 1% to 2%. As I mentioned, currency also turned more negative on us in quarter one, as the dollar strengthened against key currencies as the pandemic hit. Based on forward rate, we can expect this to be even more of a headwind going forward. Now let’s turn to gross profit margin on Slide #13. As we’ve discussed previously, our goal is to continue to sequentially improve gross profit margin, finishing 2020 at a stable level year-on-year. This requires offsetting underlying input costs inflation, as well as some natural mix shifts in our portfolio, most notably a mix shift towards emerging markets and within those markets towards the distribution arm of our operations in West Africa. These mix shifts are not a concern, as they do not cannibalize any of our developed markets businesses. To offset the impact, you know that we’ve been working on several levers, price realization through revenue growth management, productivity through a variety of initiatives, building scale in emerging markets, and addressing margins in specific product lines, most notably on-the-go pack formats. While Q1 was anything but business as usual, we did continue to make progress in this area. As you can see, our gross profit margin was nearly flat year-on-year aided by the absence of the divested businesses, as well as the actions I just listed. Some of this progress was offset by input cost inflation. Remember, we hedged out most of the year and costs and investments related to safety and cleaning, employee benefits, food donations and logistics during the pandemic. This crisis will create some variability around gross profit margin, as we incur incremental production and incremental costs, but we will continue to make progress towards our full-year goal. Let’s turn to cash flow and capital structure on Slide #14. As shown on the slide, our cash flow was strong in quarter one, up significantly year-on-year, despite the absence of businesses we divested last July. Some of this was timing from quarter four and some of it was inventory depletion and delays of capital investments during the pandemic. But it also reflects strength in our underlying profit performance, good working capital management and reduced cash outlays related to restructurings. The next chart on the slide shows our net debt position. You can see that a combination of last year’s divestiture proceeds and durable cash flow have enabled us to pay down debt and carry higher-than-usual cash balances. In fact, you’ll see that our cash position was over $1 billion at quarter-end. This is simply a proactive approach to financial flexibility in an uncertain operating environment. Our liquidity is good. In addition to our high cash balances, we retained good access to commercial paper and we have $2.5 billion of backup funding facilities. We are in solid financial shape with sufficient flexibility. Let’s now discuss our full-year outlook starting with Slide #15. Our outlook really should be viewed in three time periods. First, there are the actual results of quarter one. Clearly, these results came in better-than-expected, both because of how our underlying business was performing and because of the surge in actual demand brought on by the pandemic. Next, there is quarter two. The pandemic has obviously persisted. And so far in April, we have seen continued elevated levels of at-home consumption. There may be less net sales lift, as consumption growth has moderated, even as food away-from-home channels remains very soft. We should see positive operating leverage from running our plants at high utilization, partly offset by incremental labor and logistics costs to do so. And then there is quarter three and quarter four, the second-half of the year. Of course, no one knows how long the pandemics and related lockdown will persist. At this time, the best we can do is prepare for a correction back to normal rates of consumption in developed markets, albeit with away-from-home channels that will take sometime to recover. In addition, we’ll have increased brand-building and other investments that have been delayed from the first-half. And we have to be ready for potential softness in the emerging markets, which tend to be more vulnerable to recessionary impacts and whose currencies have already weakened. In fact, we saw slowdowns and currency devaluation in certain emerging markets already in late Q1. So we expect to see a shift of sales and profit into the first-half and out of the second-half. You’ll see on Slide #16 that we are forming our full-year guidance today. We think this guidance is the prudent way to plan right now, as we manage through the crisis. Organic net sales growth will slow in the second-half. The question is how much and whether it slows enough to offset the unusually strong growth of the first-half. Currency-neutral, adjusted basis operating profit has the additional variables of shifting investment from the first-half and our desire to retain some flexibility to invest more in business opportunities, as they present themselves. Because net sales and profit are now first-half weighted and well ahead of our full-year pace through quarter one, it would suggest some buys to the high-end of our currency-neutral sales and profit guidance ranges. As you would expect, however, this guidance does not include two uncertain elements First, it does not include any major supply or economic disruptions. This would be something like a plant or warehouse shutdown related to the pandemic, or it could be any significant macro economic volatility beyond what we’ve already experienced. We are in unprecedented times, and we can only guide based on what we know right now. And second, remember, that all of our guidance is on a currency-neutral basis. The pandemic and oil shocks triggered a marked strengthening in the U.S. dollar against major foreign currencies late in quarter one in both emerging and developed markets. This impacted growth in net sales, operating profit and EPS growth by negative 1% to 1.5% in the quarter. And that really only reflected less than a month of impact. A full quarter of these exchange rates would have had that much more negative impact. Obviously, we can’t predict where the dollar will go from here, but this can give you an idea of the magnitude of these recent currency movements. And with that, let me turn it back to Steve for a review of each of our major businesses.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. Eventually, this crisis will pass, and we are doing everything we can to ensure that we emerge right where we thought we’d be. Our strategy is working even as we have to modify commercial activities in what has been essentially a supply-driven market in recent weeks. In addition, we’re doing a lot of thinking and analyzing about how the crisis is generating trial and reappraisal of some of our brands and foods, including, for example, ready-to-eat cereal. Let’s begin with North America in Slide #18. Last July’s divestiture is what pulled down adjusted basis net sales and operating profit by roughly 14% each. Excluding that, this region posted very strong growth in net sales and operating profit. North America had recorded organic net sales growth through the February period against year earlier growth and was on its way to a good first quarter with another quarter of sequential acceleration. Then came March, when the state home mandates went into effect, and we saw a market acceleration in this growth. In the end, we estimate that this pandemic-related surge in demand accounted for about three quarters of our North American region’s organic net sales growth in Q1. Our consumption growth well outpaced our net sales growth in March and the quarter overall, suggesting meaningful depletions of retailer inventories. Not everything is seen a lift during the pandemic, our business in foodservice, vending and convenience stores experienced sharp and sudden net sales declines in March, as schools and restaurants closed and travel came to a halt and that softness continues. Nonetheless, the accelerated net sales growth drove up operating profit in our base business, which excludes the impact of divestiture. And this was despite increased brand-building investment in the base business and incremental costs and investments related to keeping employees safe and enabling our supply chain to keep up with demand. Let’s take a quick look at each of our three major category groupings in North America starting with our largest snacks on Slide #19. This is the business affected by the divestiture, but on an organic basis, its net sales rose almost 11% year-on-year. Snacks organic growth was already strong going into March, driven by solid commercial programs and year two support for Cheez-It Snap’d, and then the business got an extra boost from accelerated consumption growth. During March, U.S. consumption for our crackers jumped almost 40% year-on-year and our salty snacks and portable wholesome snacks were both up nearly 30%. This consumption growth has been broad-based across our portfolio of brands. From an occasion standpoint, we have seen less lift for on-the-go items and more growth for pantry packs, which makes sense. We feel good about the positioning and strength of our North America snacks business as we work daily to keep up with demand. Now let’s turn to North America cereal in Slide #20. Here, too, we saw a market acceleration in U.S. consumption growth in March, plus 43% year-on-year. Beneath that category-wide and portfolio-wide acceleration, we’re in the early stages of our step up in brand-building investment. It’s too early to see the results of these efforts, particularly during March’s acceleration, but we’re pleased to see shared growth in the Taste/Fun segment. Importantly, cereal is one of the food categories, whose consumption has remained at very elevated levels, even after the couple of weeks of consumer stock ups. An interesting thing to watch will be how this stock up and elevated consumption is driving trial and reappraisal of this category. Take a look at Slide #21. U.S. household penetration data showed that our cereal brands collectively gained more than 3 points of penetration in March versus February and did this against all cohorts, whether by age group, income level or households with or without kids. As I mentioned, this is something we’re studying closely and looking to build upon. We know that our cereals are getting into the pantry and that they’re getting consumed. They are iconic brands, great food, versatile across occasions, and a great value for money. Consumers rediscovering these benefits could be very positive for this category, and we plan to seize this opportunity. Now let’s turn to our North America Frozen foods business in Slide #22. Our Eggo brand has been generating strong consumption growth and share gains through February and then saw its U.S. consumption accelerate to over 45% in March. The same is true for Morningstar Farms and our frozen veggie business. This on-trend brand was already showing strong double-digit momentum in consumption in the U.S. and then its consumption growth shut up to over 66%. As our retail partners work to keep shelves filled, many have delayed resets. So we have delayed the first wave of our launch of Incogmeato, the Morningstar Farms sub-line of refrigerated meat alternatives. Instead of launching the burger products at the end of Q1, we now plan to launch them along with the previously planned sausage products sometime later this year. North America had an unusual month to say the least and this unusual environment continues. We’ve shifted investment out of the first-half, given the current situation and into the second-half. And for now, we remain focused on supplying the market with food and keeping our people safe. It will be sometime before condition stabilize. Nonetheless, we feel good about the underlying direction of this business and the years delivery just got much more front weighted to the first-half. Now let’s discuss our international businesses starting with Europe on Slide #23. Europe got out of the gate strongly in 2020, reporting solid organic net sales growth through our February period, both in snacks and cereal. With a pandemic stock-ups and elevated consumption in March, it got an additional lift, probably accounting for half of its growth in the quarter. Interestingly, the lift was far more pronounced on cereal than it was on snacks, probably because the foods consumers were most stocking up on were meal-related. But it could also have to do with the fact that Pringles had such strong momentum already. Regardless, the quarter began and finished with growth across the region. In cereal, we generated particularly promising consumption share and penetration gains through February in the United Kingdom and equally strong momentum in Russia and Pringles recorded notably strong consumption in Germany, Spain and Russia. We still have some work to do on our smaller wholesome snacks businesses, but overall, Kellogg Europe has good underlying fundamentals. We do expect much of this quarter one growth to reverse itself in the second-half. The cancellation of major sporting events has taken away large promotional activities for us, starting in the second quarter, and we’re having to revise commercial plans, particularly around Pringles. Meanwhile, we have to be wary of the currency and economic impacts on markets like Russia and the likelihood of prolong softness in away-from-home channels. So this is the region with the most substantial shift in delivery to the first-half, but that shouldn’t take away from what is a very strong performing region for us. Let’s now turn to Latin America in Slide #24. Latin America is a business that underwent some transition last year, and we are pleased to report that it continues to progress well on its distributor transitions and its ramp up of new cereal and Pringles production facilities in Brazil. Latin America’s organic net sales growth pre-pandemic was quite strong, as was its consumption growth, notably for Pringles in Mexico and Brazil. Then like our other regions, albeit a bit later in the month, Latin America saw a surge in net sales in March, amidst the pandemics stay-at-home guidelines. The lift was probably about a fourth of Latin America’s organic net sales growth in the quarter. The uplift in March was more pronounced in cereal than it was in snacks, similar to what we’ve seen in Europe and it has continued in April. Amidst an uncertain economic environment, we have a Latin American business that is managing well through the challenges. And finally, we’ll discuss AMEA shown on Slide #25. This region’s organic net sales growth was exceptional, led by Africa. Multipro experienced a notably high double-digit gain, accompanied by strong growth in our Middle East, North Africa and Turkey sub-region and an encouraging share gain in South Africa. From a pandemic standpoint, though, AMEA had less of a net positive impact than our other regions. We saw sizable net sales lifts in developed markets like Australia, Japan and South Africa, particularly in cereal. However, we experienced production and distribution challenges in emerging markets, mainly in Asia and Africa. So for the quarter, the pandemic impact on net sales was probably less than a fourth of the region’s overall organic growth and it also added to costs. These challenges have actually gotten more severe in the second quarter, with certain plants in the region only able to produce at partial capacity according to local restrictions and distribution challenges in other markets. In addition, Multipro is experiencing a meaningful slowdown already in the second quarter, feeling the economic impacts of the pandemic, the oil shock, retail closures and soft demand for non-food products that it distributes for other companies. So while temporary and partially offset by good growth elsewhere in the region, AMEA may see some pressure on its sales and profit during the remainder of the year. Nevertheless, this business is operating well and has outstanding growth prospects once we emerge from this pandemic and related economic slowdown. Let’s wrap up with a brief summary on Slide #27. None of us has ever seen the likes of this pandemic. This left us in a state of uncertainty with a continuous flow of heartbreaking infection statistics and also heart-rendering acts of courage and selflessness. We can only hope that this crisis passes quickly and that we can all get on with our normal lives. As a company, we can only manage through the crisis in the right way, keeping our employees safe, supplying food to customers and consumers and giving back to our communities. I think, we’re managing these priorities well and we feel good about our underlying business. We got off to a good start to the year even before COVID-19, sustaining our top line momentum, progressing towards stabilization of gross profit margin, investing in key brands and delivering strong cash flow. We’re confident that when the crisis abates, we’ll be on a solid footing to resume with our strategy and plans. From a financial standpoint, our earnings are now more weighted towards the first-half than originally planned, as the crisis has shifted sales into the first-half and deferred investments to the second-half. That’s a better shape from a planning stance, even if the second-half business environment is anything, but clear. Meantime, with economic recession looming, we’re making sure that we have solid financial flexibility. We may be managing through an unprecedented crisis, but we remain committed to our strategy. As the world emerges from this crisis, you can be sure we will continue to build our plans around a balance between sales growth, profit growth and cash growth over time, always looking to make our brands and our company stronger. In closing, I want to thank our employees for their dedication and hard work. There is nothing normal about the situation in which we find ourselves today. And our employees have risen to the challenge, taking the extra steps necessary to keep each other safe, to supply the world with food and to give back to our communities. I could not be more proud to be a part of this great company. And with that, we’ll open it up for your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you.
Steven Cahillane: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Lavery: Can you touch on the promotional environment and trade spending? And how much, if any, benefit are you getting? Clearly, there’s such a strong consumer demand. It doesn’t seem like the time to price promote, or you – do you have flexibility around that? And then if so, how much of that just gets deferred? Or is there an opportunity for calendar year savings to come from that?
Steven Cahillane: Michael, thanks for the question. A couple of things I would tell you. First off, for competitive reasons, we don’t talk about promotional activity. But what I can tell you is in the first quarter, because the pandemic hit so late, it was really a normal environment in terms of pulling back of promotions, not executing commercial activities, and so forth. Obviously, that changes as we get into the second quarter, which is why we’re saying that the second-half of the year, we’ll have some of the deferred investments from the first-half of the year. But the first quarter looked a little bit more normal through really the first – completely normal through the first two months. And it was really the last two weeks of March that saw the incredible changes, which was really too late to change the commercial activities that we had in place. We did increase brand-building in the first quarter, again, for the same reasons, we committed to doing that. So January and February, we were seeing good organic growth, good commercial activation, good pull-through from our programs. But obviously, everything changed once the pandemic happen hit.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. A question on how you think things are really going to be impacting your business ongoing into 2021. If you were to think pre-COVID about 2021 earnings and then now after the crisis, how are you looking at that year differently than you did before in terms of, say, earnings power? I would imagine that you’re going to have some opportunities to do some brand-building investments this year that you might not have had. There might even be some positives in terms of the ongoing restaurant declines into that year. But obviously, you noticed some other weaknesses out there like emerging markets that they have a negative hangover. So any thoughts about broad strokes impacts to 2021 and beyond? Thanks.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. David, thanks for the question. Right now, during this pandemic, we’re really focused on our employee safety, supplying food to the marketplace and aiding our communities when they need it most. This has created an opportunity to invest in our business in the second-half. How that affects 2021, it’s far too early to tell. But we do see opportunities where our products are getting into homes, penetration is going up, consumption is going up. So we’re going to continue to invest in our brands, invest in our people, invest in our business, invest in our company, all with the goal of coming out of this pandemic with a stronger company then we go into it. But it’s far too early to really talk about what the 2020 environment might look like.
David Palmer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Goldman: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Steven Cahillane: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth Goldman: I’m wondering if you can help us – I know it’s not easy, but maybe estimate the dollar cost of your direct COVID expenses, things like bonuses, cleaning, et cetera, and how that looks heading into 2Q? And I’m really curious how much of that is one-time versus ongoing? Because very clearly, I think, across the Board versus what some people expected a month ago in food, maybe the flow-through from sales to EBITDA has been a bit more restrained than what some people had modeled a few weeks ago. Obviously, efficiency efforts are put on hold, it’s critical to produce volume with, I guess, less regard than usual for margins. But I do think investors are sort of asking for a better sense of how much of these current incremental costs are truly one-time and fade as we get into the back-half versus things that are going to be ongoing for a little bit of time? And I know it’s such a hard question to answer, but at least with the visibility you have so far, I think, it would be useful perhaps?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Ken, thanks for the question. Obviously, there are one-time direct costs that hit us as we started to prepare ourselves for the pandemic, things like employee bonuses and benefits to our heroes on the front-line to make sure that they’re safe and that they’re being rewarded for what they’re doing for their communities and for our customers and so forth. Warehouse and logistics costs, obviously, going up. When you’re – when you see demand spikes like this, you have to invest to make sure that our customer service is as high as we can possibly make it and a shout out to our customers. I mean, the environment and customers and the way that they’ve leaned in, and almost the – what I call the esprit de corps, among the whole industry has been really inspiring to tell you the truth. And then safety, just safety protocols that are different than what they’ve been, PPE equipment and so forth operating in environments with social distancing, changing the way the shifts go in and out, all these things are costs that many of will be one-time in nature as and when this pandemic is over when a vaccine is in place, when we’re back to a normal environment, let’s say. So to be a little bit more direct with your question, you can think about round about $10 million in the first quarter for us in direct costs related to the things that I just described. Obviously, that was the end of the – just the end of the first quarter, so that would be higher in the second quarter. And so that’s the way we’re looking at it. We’re not going to make any compromises. We’ll make the right level of investments to keep our people safe. That’s the most important thing.
Amit Banati: I think, if I could just add from a Forex standpoint, most of the transactional Forex we were covered. So I think from a transactional standpoint, the impact of Forex was limited. However, from a translational standpoint, as you well know, the dollar strengthened sharply and that was right towards the end of the quarter. So that’s something that we’d expect to have more of an impact as we go through the year.
Kenneth Goldman: Yes, that’s helpful. Can I ask a very quick follow-up? I think, Amit, you would said that you’re assuming that in the second-half, away-from-home is weaker still, but food-at-home is just back to normal. So first, is that correct? And second, I’m not sure why that would be the case. I guess, it feels a little conservative to me to assume that away-from-home is weaker, but food-at-home is just back to normal, wouldn’t it? Wouldn’t it maybe stand a reason that food-at-home would be a little bit better if people are eating at home a little more?
Amit Banati: I think it’s fair to assume that foodservice would take longer to ramp back up. So I think that’s an assumption going into the second-half. I think in our emerging markets, we’re starting to see softness in the emerging markets. So there’s an assumption that emerging markets in the second-half would be impacted. And that, there’d be a moderation in the at-home consumption. Now, things are uncertain, so it’s hard to – we’ve done a range of scenarios and it’s hard to kind of pinpoint on one particular assumption. But that’s – those are the headline assumptions that we’ve used as we’ve looked at the second-half.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from David Driscoll with DD Research. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Good morning.
Steven Cahillane: Hey, David. Good morning, David.
Amit Banati: Hey, David.
David Driscoll: I want to follow-up – great. I want to follow-up on Ken’s second question. I think this is the big one. In the second-half of the year when you say there’s the giveback, I mean, it really does seem that in-home consumption is up. It’s going to stay up at some level versus whatever the baselines were for 2020, including the second-half. Why is it that you think that profits are going to be so much lower that you’re just keeping the guidance consistent? I mean, I guess I just want to say it directly, are you just trying to take a conservative approach, because it’s just so hard, because it really feels like on balance, your foodservice business and these away-from-home channels are a smaller portion. If your at-home consumption is elevated in the second-half, you should have a net positive. But it could just be, you don’t really know when you’re taking a conservative view, but I’d really like to test the strength of your conviction on that comment?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. David, thanks for the question. And I think, I wouldn’t disagree with anything that you’re saying. But the real answer is who knows? Who knows how long this change persists and the magnitude of it. And so I think we can be characterized as taking a prudent approach here. And we think prudence in this very uncertain environment is the right way to go. And I give you really four reasons why we’re thinking about this. One is, what I just said, the environment is incredibly uncertain. In fact, most companies are actually withdrawing guidance because of this uncertainty and we’re affirming guidance. The second is lost activities in the second and third quarter. So you have things like the European Championship in Europe, which is a big event for Pringles, that’s not going to happen. You have the lag impact of investments that we’re going to make in the second-half that are not in the first-half. So that there is a big shift from the first-half to the second-half in investments and there’s some volume that’s going to come out in the second-half, because these promotional activities around sports and other things are not going to happen. The third is emerging markets slowdown. We’re already seeing it in large markets. like Nigeria, where we have a big business. You think about oil-based economies, and nobody ever imagined oil would be where it is right now. Well, that’s going to impact these economies. And so we think we can manage through it. We’ve got the right playbook, we’ve been here before, but it’s going to have an impact. Emerging markets are going to slow down. And then finally, and you touched on this, we will have the flexibility to reinvest in the business to make this company stronger and stronger and come out of this pandemic with very good share positions, very high brand equity scores, people who we’ve invested in, and just a better company. And so we think that this is the right approach. I’d like to think we get some credit for affirming guidance and not withdrawing it. But we think this is the right approach, a prudent approach and the right approach for us.
David Driscoll: Can I just do a quick follow-up on your SKU counts? And are you taking this opportunity to reduce your SKUs? And will this have any significant impact on the business going forward?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. David, the answer to that is yes. We need our plants to operate at the highest potential possible in terms of throughputs. So that’s meant really focusing on core SKUs. And if you look at the syndicated data and you look at things like just take ready-to-eat cereal, you look at Blue Box, Frosted Flakes, you look at Red Box Froot Loops, you look at Orange Box, Frosted Mini Wheats, brands are doing very well and growing and we’re really focused on them. Core items and Cheez-It, same thing. How this manifests itself post-crisis? We’ll see. But I would suspect that this is not giving 2021 guidance. But I would suspect in 2021, grocery stores, retail outlets will probably have less SKUs than they had going into the pandemic, but we’ll just have to wait and see.
David Driscoll: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. I think the guidance implies a stronger North America performance this year than you previously expected. And I think that that’s rational. I hope I’m correct, because the offset is really in the emerging markets and maybe a little bit to Europe. So I just want to make sure I’m right on that. And also, when you mentioned these channels that are declining like foodservice C-store travel, is that about like 10% or 15% of North America? Is that a fair assessment? And then the last question was, you mentioned some inventory deloading at retail. Is it possible that, that comes back in 2Q as a benefit?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Rob. First off, North America, the answer is yes. They – they’re performing at a very high level and driving a lot of excellent performance. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Europe is really the business that was benefited from the first-half and because of Euro championship and other things I mentioned, will not have the same strength in the second-half. And then obviously, the other two regions are very emerging market-focused, and I just talked you through some of the concerns around emerging markets. So you’ve got that right. In terms of the away-from-home business in North America, well, let’s talk globally. It’s about 8% to 10% of our business globally: foodservice, vending, C-stores, college, university, schools, obviously, this business was obviously significantly impacted, as everybody knows. And how that comes back when that comes back, how quickly it comes back, we’ll just have to see. The teams have done a phenomenal job at things like delivering food to children who out of school. And so they’re very hard at work at doing community-based things, but the business has really dramatically changed, as you know. In terms of North America, though, it’s less than 50% of North America business. Internationally, it’s less significant. It’s kind of less than 5%, that channel, of our international businesses.
Robert Moskow: And the retail inventory deloading?
Steven Cahillane: Yes, sorry. So, yes, if you look, obviously, our consumption dramatically outpaced our shipments. And so you can think about inventory in the system being down. How quickly we can rebuild inventories will be a function of what happens with ongoing consumption. And right now, we’re seeing consumption continue quite strong. So the ability to rebuild inventories. Again, we’ll have to wait as we just continue to run flat out to supply the demand that’s right in front of us.
Robert Moskow: All right. Well, the Moskow family is going through a box of cereal every two days. So…
Amit Banati: Step it up, Rob.
Steven Cahillane: We appreciate it. Thanks, Rob.
Operator: The next question is from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Steven Cahillane: Good morning, Alexia.
Amit Banati: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: So next question I have is around the share trends in U.S. cereal. It looks as though as the pandemic accelerated, you lost some ground there. And I’m just curious about whether that’s a capacity constraint or pricing dynamics or whether you plan to make that or you hope to make that up over the next few weeks and months? And then just a second question is a quick follow-up. You mentioned in the prepared remarks that you’ve been studying what works in previous recessions and what might be different this time. I’d like any sort of color commentary you got on what those insights were and how you think things might be different? Thank you.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Alexia. So starting with the cereal and share question. Right now, we’re really in a supply-driven market. But we have lost share, and so admittedly, that’s the case. What’s happened, though, as you think about the demands that this pandemic has created, it’s really been, especially most recently, if you look at the Nielsen, what you characterize as the Taste/Fun, the kids segment driving the category, secondarily, the all family segment slightly behind that, and trailed by the adult segment. And so the structural makeup of our portfolio is what’s creating that share loss, because it’s happening in the adult segment, which is up less than the rest of the categories. We’re making progress and gaining share in the kid segment, brands like Frosted Flakes and Froot Loops. And so, we’re not, as you’ve heard me say in the past, we’re not in the business of donating share. But right now, we’re doing everything we can to satisfy the orders that are coming in. And so we’ll stay mindful of the health of our brands. That’s what I talked about investing in our brands and making sure that we come out of this stronger than we – than when we went into it. And so that’s kind of the case with U.S. ready-to-eat cereal. In terms of the recessions in a softer economic environment, which obviously, we just saw the results or the GDP numbers yesterday, the just heartbreaking unemployment figures that continue to come out in the United States, 30 million people unemployed, just shocking numbers. and so, we’re preparing ourselves. And so, some of the learnings from past recessions are entry-level price points are important, family size is important, being mindful, though, of continuing to invest in your brands is really important, because it’s about value for money. And maybe one of the most important things is don’t stop innovating. And so some of the mistakes made cross categories in recessions is a hunkering down mentality, which takes away brand-building and slows up on innovation. And people still want good news. People want fun. They want to try things in an affordable way. And our brands are iconic, they bring joy. And so we’ll be bound and determined to continue to invest to innovate, but to be very mindful of the price value relationship, and making sure that people understand how economic, for example, ready-to-eat cereal is in terms of a meal solution. It’s an incredibly economic way to feed your family.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
John Renwick: Operator, we’re going to have to cut it there. We gave a few more extra minutes because of the technical is upfront. But thank you, everyone, for your interest. And if you do have follow-ups, please, by all means, give me a call. Thanks for your participation.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-06 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Please note that this conference is being recorded. And at this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for the Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, Gary. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results as well as our initial outlook for 2020. I am joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer.  Slide 3 shows our usual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to this third slide of the presentation as well as to our public SEC filings.  A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone on Thursday, February 13. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days.  As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on a currency-neutral basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share.  Additionally, please note that when we discuss the impact of last July's divestiture, we will be referring only to the absence of the divested businesses, net sales and profit.  And now I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. 2019 is now in the books, and we're pleased with the progress we made. We stayed on strategy and on plan all year long, and we did what we said we would do right through Q4. And this was in spite of significant changes in investments made throughout the year, all aimed at building a solid foundation for steady, dependable financial delivery. The primary goal of 2019 was to return to organic net sales growth, and we did that. In fact, Slide 5 shows that we sustained our accelerated growth right through the fourth quarter.  For the quarter and for the full year, this was our best organic net sales growth in several years, and this return to organic net sales growth is the strongest evidence that our Deploy for Growth strategy is working. We grew in all four quarters with full year growth in all 4 regions. We utilized revenue growth management to restore positive price realization in all regions, and we improved our end market performance in key countries and categories.  Even as we were delivering on our 2019 plans, we were busy driving important changes intended to build a foundation for the future. Some of these changes and investments are shown on Slide 6. We significantly restructured our organization in 2019, starting with North America at the beginning of the year, followed by corporate and then the international regions. With reduced layers and fewer business unit silos, we can now assess resource allocation more holistically and make faster decisions.  From a portfolio standpoint, we divested 4 businesses in a single transaction. This divestiture improves our portfolio's underlying growth rate and its profit margins while enabling our organization to sharpen its focus on our core businesses. We also enhanced our financial flexibility by using the divestiture proceeds to pay down $1 billion of debt. And from an investment standpoint, we continue to expand and build scale in emerging markets. In addition to growing our existing businesses, we rapidly built up distribution of Kellogg noodles in Africa. We established local production of Pringles for the first time in Africa and Latin America as well as noodles in Egypt and South Africa. And we shifted production of cereal in Brazil to a new, more efficient facility.  There was some upfront capital and costs related to these moves, but they will facilitate profitable growth well into the future. All of these business and portfolio realignment actions were large and important, and they contribute greatly to the foundation we are building. It's also important that we delivered the results that we had guided to. Amit will go into more detail in a moment, but I want to emphasize that our return to dependability starts with doing what we said we do, and this includes delivering on our financial guidance.  We plan to sustain this dependable performance in 2020, including a more balanced financial delivery. Again, Amit will walk you through the specifics in just a moment, but the key elements of this balance plan are depicted on Slide 7. First, we plan to continue to grow our net sales organically in 2020 in the 1% to 2% range that we think is sustainable. It should feature a little more balance between volume and price/mix. And again, it should be broad-based, and it should be led by our biggest, most differentiated brands.  Second, we plan to improve our underlying profitability, swinging to operating profit growth, excluding the divestiture impact. We'll continue to gradually improve our gross profit margin as we continue to utilize revenue growth management, generate productivity savings in our supply chain and complete the restoration of On the Go margins. We'll also continue to manage our overhead tightly. Third, we will increase our investment behind our brands. Some of this increase is related to specific pullbacks we had to do in the first half of 2019 such as when we pause RX advertising during its supplier-related recall and paused investment in U.S. cereal as we harmonize pack sizes. And most of the increase is around new opportunities.  For example, our launch of Incogmeato, ready-to-cook meat alternatives, and our Pringles and Pop-Tarts commercials during the Super Bowl. In U.S. cereal, we're not just lapping the harmonization-related pullbacks. We're going all-in on a comprehensive plan. And internationally, there are other promising product launches and expansions. These are all unique opportunities, and we are reinvesting the profit of a 53rd week this year to help offset this increase in investment. And finally, we'll continue to enhance our financial flexibility, not only by improving our cash flow, but also by using that cash flow after dividends for paying down debt. In short, we're planning for a more balanced delivery with prudent forecasts as we build a foundation for sustainable growth.  So with that, let me turn it over to Amit who will take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail. Amit?
Amit Banati: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Our quarter four and full year 2019 results are summarized on Slide 9. We finished 2019 with a quarter four that again featured sequential acceleration in organic net sales growth and sequential improvement in gross profit margin. It also featured increased investment in A&P and effective overhead management. Excluding the year-on-year impacts of the divestiture, we delivered another quarter of operating profit growth, and we delivered good cash flow. All in, it was a solid finish to the year.  The results were obviously affected by the divestiture, which closed at the end of July. The absence of these businesses results in quarter four had a negative impact on reported net sales, and it more than offset our base business growth in operating profit and earnings per share. We'll go into more detail on net sales and operating profit in a moment. Our earnings per share finished in line with the year ago fourth quarter as the negative impact of the divestiture was offset by base business profit growth and favorability in some items below operating profit. Interest expense decreased in quarter four as expected, owing to using divestiture proceeds to pay down debt. Other income in quarter four was similar to recent quarters in absolute dollars, but year-on-year, it was very favorable because of lapping the impact of the quarter four 2018 soon in financial markets, which impacted our insurance investments. Our effective tax rate benefited from a modest tax benefit.  Our cash flow was also affected by the divestiture, specifically by almost $500 million. As discussed previously, this was not just the absence of the divested businesses' profits. This impact also included upfront costs and working capital timing differences as well as, most significantly, taxes on the divestiture proceeds. Remember, the proceeds are not in the cash flow, but the taxes, some $255 million, are included in the cash flow. Excluding this divestiture impact, our base business cash flow was quite stable.  It's important to note that we finished 2019 on our guidance for each of the 4 guided metrics whose only changed during the year had been to incorporate the divestiture. As Steve mentioned, we're aiming for improved predictability and dependability, and we demonstrated that in 2019, even despite reorganizations, investment shifts and some near-term macroeconomic challenges, particularly in the second half.  Let's now go into more detail. We'll start at the top of the P&L with net sales growth on Slide 10. We continue to post strong organic net sales growth coming in at 2.7% in the quarter and bringing our full year growth to 1.9%, the high end of our guidance range. Once again, all 4 regions grew net sales organically in quarter four.  Importantly, we continue to realize price, reflecting revenue growth management actions, and we saw in quarter four a much better balance between price/mix and volume, both of which grew more than 1% year-on-year. Among our categories globally, snacks, again, led the organic net sales growth in quarter four, increasing in all 4 regions. Frozen foods had its best quarter of growth of the year, and noodles and other products continue to post solid growth. Cereal sales were flat in the quarter on continued international growth and a meaningful moderation in North America's decline.  In its first full quarter out of our results, the divestiture negatively impacted net sales growth by about 5.5%. For the full year, its impact was directly offset by the positive acquisition impact of consolidating Multipro, our West Africa distributor, which anniversaried back in quarter two. Lastly, after running negative all year, currency translation was neutral in the fourth quarter. It finished the year at a negative 1.7% impact.  Now let's turn to our gross profit margin on Slide 11. Our goal this year was to sequentially improve gross profit margin performance every quarter, and that is exactly how it played out. Looking at the buckets we have been using to explain this improvement, let's start with the mechanical impact of acquisitions and divestitures.  The consolidation of Multipro created a headwind until it anniversaried during quarter two, and then the divestiture created a small tailwind beginning in quarter three. No surprises here, and we'll have this divestiture tailwind for two more full quarters as well as a month in quarter three.  Next, the ongoing bucket remained modestly negative. This is our input costs, net of any productivity and savings. There was no major changes in our underlying cost inflation rate, so we had expected to see at least a little moderation, which may materialize. And while cost inflation should moderate [indiscernible] during 2020, there are some [indiscernible] that our sugar, potatoes and various types of packaging that have done more inflationary.  And lastly, there is the growth-related bucket, which continued to moderate during quarter four as we had anticipated. We still had some negative country and category mix shifts, and we did have start-up costs on new plants. However, we were able to offset much of this with price realization and sequential restoration of margins on our On the Go pack formats. We expect this bucket to continue to get less negative over the course of 2020 as we get past brand start-ups and other costs and as productivity programs gain traction.  On SG&A expense, we continue to realize benefits related to organizational restructurings getting back to early in the year. Partially offsetting this overhead favorability in quarter four was an increase in A&P investment. Not only will some of this increase related to shifts from prior quarters, but we also elected to add investment during the quarter. The result of our good organic net sales growth, moderating gross margin decline and year-on-year decrease in overhead was another quarter of growth in operating profit before the impact of the divestiture.  So to wrap up 2019's financial results. Let's turn to Slide 12. We returned to organic net sales growth, which was our top financial priority. And it's important to see that we grew in all regions and across most of our important brands and categories. We made steady sequential improvement in gross profit margin performance each quarter as planned, and we'll continue to make progress in this important area.  We invested in the future. We invested in capacity, primarily in fast-growing emerging markets, but also for certain foods and pack formats in developed markets. We invested in innovation. And while our brand-building levels were lower in the quarters that lapped 2018's large infusion of incremental investment, we supported our key brands all year, increasing A&P year-on-year in the fourth quarter.  We delivered on our guidance for net sales, operating profit, earnings per share and cash flow. And we strengthened our balance sheet, using the proceeds of the divestiture to pay down debt. This gives us added financial flexibility.  Now let's turn to 2020 with our initial guidance, shown on Slide 13. As Steve mentioned, we believe we have a prudent outlook that delivers balanced financial results while providing the flexibility we need to step up investment behind some specific opportunities and to contend with some less favorable macro environments. We expect organic net sales growth to continue to run in the 1% to 2% range. Some businesses will do better than they did in 2019, while some will lap unusually strong performances of 2019, and others like Brazil and Nigeria, will continue to face challenging macro conditions in the near term. On the whole, this growth rate represents solid, sustainable performance.  Excluded from the organic growth, of course, is the impact of the divestiture. The absence of those divested businesses negatively impacts net sales by about 4 percentage points in 2020. The organic growth also excludes the benefit of a 53rd week at the end of 2020, which, based on prior experience, typically amounts to about 1.5 percentage points. Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit is expected to decline by about 4% as the absence of the divested businesses has a mechanical impact of approximately negative 6%, more than offsetting a return to operating profit growth for our base business. This base business growth includes a sizable increase in investment, in brands and initiatives, which is only partially covered by the benefit of a 53rd week. This projected underlying growth in operating profit, even with the increased investment, is a big positive swing from 2019 and right in line with our plan for steady, gradual improvement.  Currency-neutral adjusted EPS is expected to decline by 3% to 4%. Again, growth in the base business is more than offset by the roughly 5% negative impact of the divestiture after considering the divestiture's full year benefit on interest expense from using the proceeds to pay down debt last year. Below the operating profit line, the various items are fairly mixed. Interest expense will be lower because of a full year of debt reduced by the divestiture proceeds, and other income will be higher because of the positive impact on pension assets of last year's strong financial markets, though partially offset by our recent decision to reduce risk in our pension portfolio and decrease our expected return on assets.  On the other hand, our effective tax rate will be higher, mainly due to lapping 2019's discrete benefit, and our average shares outstanding will likely drift higher as we prioritize debt reduction over share repurchases.  And finally, cash flow should increase strongly to roughly $900 million to $1 billion. This is close to our base business -- base business' normal run rate, even less -- even after the results absence of our divested business' cash flow. There are a couple of factors that definitely alter the shape of our quarters this year. The first is the year-on-year impact of the divestiture. In other words, the impact of the absence of the divested business' net sales and operating profit. This is shown on Slide 14. Remember, the divestiture has 7 months impact in 2020 as opposed to only 5 months in 2019. And it also includes the highly seasonal [indiscernible] business, which happens almost entirely in the first quarter of the year. That's why you'll see a much larger year-on-year impact in quarter one. Then the second quarter should be similar to what we saw in quarter four. And quarter three only has four weeks of impact as the divestiture laps at the end of July.  The second factor to consider is timing of investment. As mentioned, we are increasing investment meaningfully in 2020, even reinvesting the extra profit from our 53rd week to help fund it. There are some good reasons why the bulk of this year-on-year impact is heavily weighted to the first two quarters. First, there are some businesses that are lapping deliberate pullbacks. For example, U.S. cereal had its pullback last year in quarter one and quarter two during the pack size harmonization. RX had to pull back during the first half, following its supplier-related recall.  Second, there is simple calendar timing. For instance, Pringles and Pop-Tarts Super Bowl ad obviously had to be in quarter one. And our initial launch of Incogmeato meat alternatives is scheduled for late quarter one and early quarter two. So the divestiture impact and the investment increases are first half weighted. And then there is the 53rd week, which only benefits quarter four.  So to wrap up our financial section. We feel good about our improved financial results in 2019, and we entered 2020 in solid financial condition and with plans for continued gradual improvement in 2020. Our goal is steady, dependable financial delivery, and we are clearly on the right track.  And with that, let me turn it back to Steve for a review of each of our major businesses.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. Let's begin with North America in Slide 16. North America continued to show improvement in Q4, completing a year of progress amidst tremendous change, both to our portfolio and to our organizational structure. On the face of the P&L, the results get a little drowned out by the absence of our recently divested business. The impact of the divestiture was about 9 percentage points on net sales. We grew sales organically in North America by more than 1% in the fourth quarter and slightly for the full year. Both time periods represented North America's best organic net sales growth performance since 2012. It all starts with consumption, and you can see on the slide that we improved consumption growth significantly in 2019 right through the fourth quarter. This growth was across most of our categories. It was led by our biggest, most differentiated brands, and it reflected gains in our core product lines as well as incremental innovation.  We also grew net sales organically in our away-from-home channels in both the quarter and full year aided by good consumption growth across most of our key categories in the Foodservice and Convenience channels. From a profit standpoint, results are better than they look as the mechanical impact of the absence of our divested businesses more than offset operating profit growth in our base business in quarter four. And this underlying profit growth included a strong year-on-year increase in A&P. So even as we worked to restore top line growth in North America, we continue to make progress in improving our underlying profitability and investing for the future.  Now let's discuss each major category in a little more detail. We'll start with snacks, our largest category in North America on Slide 17. As you can see, we recorded another quarter of solid organic net sales growth in this business. And just as it has been all year, it is driven by consumption in each of our 3 categories. This was led by the power brands that we revitalized in 2018 but was also driven by our most successful class of innovation launches in many years and other brands that we began to revitalize in 2019.  In crackers, we continue to outpace the category on the strength of Cheez-It whose double-digit growth this year came equally from the core lineup and from this year's sensational innovation platform Snap'd. Importantly, we also returned the Club cracker brand to growth as well. We expect to continue to grow in crackers in 2020. Yes, comparisons will be tougher, but we have strong commercial plans, and we'll also have added capacity for supply-constrained Snap'd.  Pringles continued to grow consumption in the fourth quarter despite lapping a notably strong year ago performance. Our new Wavy line has been incremental, and we also continue to grow our On the Go pack formats, including immediate consumption and multi packs. We have strong plans for this brand in 2020, and we got them kicked off last weekend with our new ad during the Super Bowl.  So even with a recent price increase to cover sharply rising potato and packaging costs, we are confident we can continue to grow Pringles. Finally, in portable wholesome snacks, we had another good year and quarter Rice Krispies Treats is a powerhouse brand whose growth accelerated in 2019 from -- both from core growth and innovation. Pop-Tarts bounced back to growth in 2019, and we extended our brand revitalization efforts to include Nutri-Grain, which also grew consumption. So North America snacks is in good position to sustain its growth.  Let's now turn to cereal in Slide 18. As you can see, our net sales declines moderated meaningfully in the fourth quarter as we return to full commercial activity. We've talked previously about our decision to take a big bang approach to our pack size harmonization last year as opposed to a more gradual, less disruptive approach. We do not regret it. Our shelf is immensely more shoppable, and we can cross-promote brands that we couldn't previously.  While it meant not being able to fire on all cylinders for a couple of quarters, it's behind us. In the fourth quarter, we made our best progress yet towards stabilizing this business. In the quarter, our consumption declined by less than 1% compared to our full year consumption being down almost 3%. That's a significant moderation.  We, again, grew share in the Taste/Fun segment, with consumption and share growth accelerating behind Frosted Flakes and its Mission Tiger campaign as well as growth in brands like Froot Loops, Corn Pops and Krave where we ramped up our commercial activity.  In health and wellness, our new Special K campaign and positioning went on air late in the third quarter, and we saw the brand's declines moderate further in the fourth quarter, helping slower declines in this segment overall.  Our all family segment is the one where we haven't yet made progress. This is principally due to many leads, which not only lapped good growth in the year ago third and fourth quarters, but we didn't fully return to advertising and activity behind that brand in quarter four, choosing instead to ensure our recent production shifts were on solid footing. We expect that brand's performance to improve in 2020 as we return to full support. I recognize we talk a lot about our snacks, frozen foods and emerging markets businesses, and for good reason, but we never lose sight of the fact that cereal is incredibly important to us, and it is our legacy.  In 2020, we'll be executing a full year of commercial activity, investing behind a plan that we feel very good about. It's a plan that includes more innovation, more brand-building and more exciting in-store activity. I want to emphasize our confidence in our ability to perform much better in 2020. Make no mistake, with respect to cereal, we are in it to win it. Let's complete our North America discussion with frozen foods on Slide 19. It was another quarter of good performance. Morningstar Farms, our leading brand of frozen plant-based meat alternatives, built on its accelerated growth. Consumption in the fourth quarter increased again at a double-digit rate, again, gaining share. Impressively, this accelerated consumption and share growth has been driven across product segments, as you can see on the slide. Clearly, the breadth of our product line, along with strong brand communication, is working, and we're expanding distribution. And as we discussed, we'll enter the ready-to-cook category late in first quarter 2020 with the Morningstar, Incogmeato line. We should also note the growth we've generated in Foodservice and K-12 schools. So obviously, we're excited about our Morningstar Farms business.  In frozen breakfast, our core Eggo from the griddle business, which encompasses frozen waffles, pancakes and French toast, grew consumption slightly year-on-year in the quarter and by almost 2% for the full year. That growth has been led by innovation in the French toast and pancakes segments as well as sustained momentum for Eggo's premium Thick & Fluffy waffles subline, which grew by nearly 30%. Kashi has also accelerated its growth in this category as we pursue a natural and organic occasion. Overall, including all subcategories, our frozen breakfast consumption declined as expected, but this reflected our continued phasing out of certain noncore products.  As we invest behind the momentum and expansion of Morningstar Farms and sustained steady growth in Eggo, we expect continued growth in North America frozen foods in 2020.  Now let's discuss our international businesses, starting with Europe on Slide 20. We had another very good year in Europe, and the fourth quarter was our ninth straight quarter of organic net sales growth in this region, a region with some very mature markets and challenging retailer environments.  Leading our growth has been Pringles, which finished with high single-digit consumption growth in the quarter and full year. It grew throughout the region led by double-digit gains in markets like the U.K. and Spain. Driving this growth has been a promotional program targeted toward gaming, a new innovation platform featuring Asia-inspired rice-infused crisps and continuing to expand our On the Go pack formats. We have big growth to lap for Pringles in 2020, but our commercial plans are strong, and we're executing well. We also had a good year and a good fourth quarter in cereal. Region-wide, our cereal consumption returned to growth in the second half of 2019 led by good growth in taste brands like Crunchy Nut, Coco Pops and Tresor. New packaging and positioning has returned Special K to growth in the U.K., giving us confidence in executing similar programs elsewhere in 2020.  We're especially pleased with our performance in the U.K. overall. In that market, we grew consumption by almost 2% for the year and more than 5% in the fourth quarter. So we've got good reasons to believe we can be at least stable on cereal in Europe in 2020. We made some progress on transforming wholesome snacks in 2019 with good performance by Rice Krispies Squares in the U.K., innovation on our extra brand in France and the expansion of the Kellogg's master brand in Italy. There is still more work to do, and we have good plans for continuing to stabilize this business in 2020.  Within Europe, we do have an emerging market, and that is Russia and Central Europe. In Russia, in 2019, we generated strong double-digit consumption growth in cereal, gaining share behind Krave and our local brand as well as the launch of Extra brand, Granola. We also continued to expand Pringles in Russia, growing consumption at a double-digit rate and gaining share. Meanwhile, we continue to expand into Central Europe. So we have good reasons to be confident in top line growth again in Europe in 2020. And with enhanced revenue growth management and a reorganization that we executed in 2019, we have room to increase investment in 2020 and still deliver margin expansion.  Let's turn to Latin America on Slide 21. We continue to grow organic net sales in 2019, though reported net sales were affected by the divestiture. For our Latin America business, 2019 was a year of momentum, transition and economic challenges. The momentum was principally in Mexico. In this key market, we continue to drive consumption and share growth in 2019, and we did it in all 3 major categories, as shown on the slide. We have strong commercial plans again in 2020, giving us confidence that we can sustain momentum in this important market.  The transition was in Central America where we are changing distributors, and in Brazil where we are transforming our supply chain. Specifically, we started up our first local production for Pringles in Brazil, and we moved our cereal production out of São Paulo into a new modern plant on Paraty site in São Lourenço [ph]. All of these actions have strong long-term benefits, but they did result in incremental costs and temporary supply chain -- supply constraints during quarter three and especially quarter four. These issues moved behind us during 2020.  And then there were the economic challenges. In Puerto Rico, our biggest market in our Caribbean and Central America subregion, economic softness continues to affect all categories. Meantime, Brazil is seeing softness across categories as well. While our growth in Brazil has been slowed by these conditions, we have been able to sustain consumption growth in our key categories, including cereal, cookies, salty snacks and powder drinks.  So while the economic challenges may persist into 2020, we like how we are positioned in these markets. 2019 was not a typical year for Kellogg in Latin America, and we expect to be back in growth in both top line and bottom line in 2020.  We'll finish our business update with our fastest-growing region, AMEA, shown on Slide 22. We finished 2019 with very strong organic net sales growth in AMEA right through the fourth quarter. Our Africa strategy continued to play out with a first full year of Multipro in our results as well as the realignment of our Middle East, North Africa and Turkey businesses into AMEA and the rapid expansion of a new Kellogg's branded noodles business.  This paid off in strong growth. We saw good results in Pringles, particularly in the Middle East, and we started up local production of that key brand in South Africa. Though slowed during the year by challenging macroeconomic conditions, [indiscernible] continue to generate strong growth [indiscernible] competitive [indiscernible] of this business and [indiscernible] experience of our partners in managing through the [indiscernible] conditions in West Africa.  We also generated good growth in Asia driven by both cereal and Pringles. Consumption growth for Pringles was broad-based in 2019, including the fourth quarter. In cereal, growth was aided by share gains in several markets. And in Australia, our developed market in this region, we returned to consumption growth in cereal in 2019, even accelerating growth during the fourth quarter. We also saw a good consumption and share gains in Pringles.  So even with some economic-related slowdown in West Africa, our fundamentals are in place for continued growth in AMEA in 2020. We did incur incremental costs during the fourth quarter, some of which was related to production start-up for Pringles, but we would view these costs as temporary, and AMEA should be back in profit growth in 2020.  Let's wrap up with a brief summary on Slide 24. As discussed many times, our primary objective for 2018 and 2019 was to return to top line growth as this is the hardest and most essential element of returning to sustainable, consistent profit and cash flow growth. And we achieved this. We stabilized our organic net sales in 2018, and we accelerated it to solid growth in 2019.  Now in 2020, our goal is to grow both net sales and operating profit, leaving aside the negative mechanical impact of our divestiture. There are good reasons to be confident we can do this. First of all, our portfolio is more geared toward growth today than it was even a couple of years ago. Second, we're not only seeing multi-quarter momentum in organic net sales growth, but it's been broad-based in all regions and improving across the [indiscernible]. Third, we've improved our execution with a realigned organization, enhanced capabilities and improved service. Fourth, we're gradually improving our profitability. And finally, we're investing in promising opportunities, leaning into incremental investment in a year that has a 53rd week.  Returning to balance growth isn't just words on paper. We're moving to the next phase of our Deploy for Growth strategy and financial operating model, focusing the organization more on profit and cash flow metrics, and we've made changes to our incentive compensation programs as well.  We are building a foundation for growing sales, profit and cash flow dependently for a long time. 2019 was an excellent start, and 2020 will improve on it.  As always, I'd really like to thank our organization. We couldn't do any of this without the skill and dedication of our associates.  And with that, we'll open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: So look, you've been investing a lot in the business over the past 12 plus months, as you discussed, and momentum has definitely improved. I guess despite that and despite the reinvestment of the extra week this year, you're guiding underlying performance only low single-digit profit growth without any further top line acceleration. And I guess the question of the day really is, is that -- how do we think about that? Is that conservatism on your part? Is the cost of doing business really just that high? And either way, what do you think it will take to inflect that product growth a bit higher ahead of top line growth as you go forward through 2020 and beyond? I'm not sure what underlying productivity is expected to run at. Maybe that's part of the solution. But just, how do we think about the rate of further improvement 2021 plus?
Steven Cahillane: Great. Thanks for the question, Steve. I think we would consider the guidance that we're giving prudent, but I'd also underline that our swing back to profit is really a 4-point swing ex the divestiture. So from a base business perspective, from a minus 2 to a plus 2, we think, is meaningful improvement.  And as we mentioned during the prepared remarks, from a top line perspective, it's the best performance we had in 2019 at plus 1.9% since 2012. So that's quite a long period of time. And we're guiding towards continuing that with 1% to 2% top line growth based on substantial reinvestment in the business against terrific opportunities that we see. And so we feel that's prudent, but we'll be very pleased with continuing that top line momentum, which is broad-based and across many categories. And so we think it's on strategy. It's on plan. We continue to show good progress against our portfolio.  The reorganizations are behind us. Our service levels are improving. We're lapping some very good innovation from this year. We've got very good revenue growth management productivity plans in place. Our emerging markets continue to perform very well. And so we're pleased with where we are as we end 2019. We think 2020 will be a continued year of good positive momentum. And again, a 4-point swing operating profit as well as continued positive momentum in the top line is what we're shooting for.
Operator: The next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Two questions, if I may. First, you made reference to a comprehensive program to rejuvenate your North America cereal business. Can you give us some more context around that?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. I will, Jason, thanks for the question. I'm not going to give a lot of detail, obviously, because -- for competitive reasons. But the whole price package transformation that we underwent last year, as I said, was a big bang, that's behind us now. And so we entered the year in good shape. And if you look at it from a segment perspective, the Taste/Fun segment, we did well on in 2019, and we've got good momentum. You look at things like our Mission Tiger program, complete with a college football bowl game, continues to show good momentum, Froot Loops as well. Krave, Corn Pops showing good momentum. And so that's been good.  Our new Special K program is actually mitigating the big declines we've seen in Special K, in fact, cutting that in half against a more simple program focused on the food and focused on the wellness. It's really in our all family segment with Frosted Mini-Wheats and Rice Krispies where we have the big -- we just haven't fixed yet, and we own that, and we have to get to it. Now with Frosted Mini-Wheats, we see good promise in front of us. We know that we held back on a lot of promotional activity last year based on some supply constraints we had as we were realigning our network. We know that brand responds where we've got good ideas against it. So as we look at the three segments that we compete in, as I said, we're in it to win it, and we see 2020 as a much better year for us in cereal.
Jason English: Okay. My second question, more holistically, just looking at the shape of your P&L. You're already the lowest margin, large-cap packaged foods company out there by a fairly substantial delta. And your guidance suggests that, that delta is going to widen even further next year with the overall margin compression at EBIT. You said you thought 1% to 2% was a durable growth rate for this business. Can you give us your perspective on what you think a durable margin is for this business? Because I still -- I'm a bit confounded, I look at your portfolio, and it seems like if you're operating in categories that generally offer good profit margins, and you're operating with brands at price points that should also afford good profit margins. It's not coming to the surface of your P&L.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, Jason. I think it's an excellent question. I'll start and happy to let Amit chime in as well. What we've said all through the course of this year is we're aiming for margin expansion as we reinvest in the business and return to top line growth. And you saw that. You saw a sequential improvement in margins across the course of the year, including into the fourth quarter. And our aim is to continue that margin expansion as we go through 2020. And we're constructively dissatisfied as to where we are. So we do believe we've got ongoing opportunities to improve on that.  We're coming off of a lot of transformation work that address many of the costs in not only our North America business, our European business as well. And as we continue in 2020, we'll continue to look for opportunities to expand margin and always relentlessly look at our cost base. Amit, do you want...
Amit Banati: I think just a bit on what Steve said. I think from a -- if you start kind of with gross margin, our goal for 2020 would be to stabilize gross margin. I think we see the input costs moderating in 2020 and would expect to offset that through a combination of pricing as well as our savings program. So from a gross margin standpoint, the goal would be to stabilize our gross margin going forward.  I think as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we are planning to increase investment meaningfully next year behind opportunities that we see in 2020 from a brand-building standpoint. And those are opportunities that we'd like to invest in to continue to drive the momentum in the top line.  From an SG&A standpoint, that's something that we're always working on. We've initiated a number of initiatives to realign the business post the divestiture, and you're seeing the benefits of that come through on the P&L.  And then from an emerging market standpoint, I think we're making good progress on the gross margins. Scale in emerging markets -- as the scale of the emerging market improves, we should see margin [indiscernible] in those businesses. [indiscernible] I'd say we expect to improve our margins [indiscernible].
Operator: The next question is from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.
Robert Dickerson: Great. It's question number three on the margin side. So you just said it seemed -- it sounds like your expectation is to stabilize gross margin in 2020 [indiscernible] you're calling organic sales growth, 1 2 -- of profit around two, so maybe there's some hopeful sequential improvement in operating margin, it sounds, like as you get through the year, just given first half investment, et cetera.  So when you say we [indiscernible] invest for growth in the top line, does that mean that you actually plan to increase your overall investments in advertising and brand support or is it more reallocation? And I just asked because, as Jason alluded to, kind of your operating margin structure relative to other peers, so to speak, is a little bit lower. Obviously, that has given mix, what have you. But on an advertising basis and brand support, it's not as if Kellogg historically was one that was like massively under investing. So yes, short question is basically, will you increase your actual dollars in that investment to get to a point to hopefully improve your margin over time, I guess, driven by volume leverage?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Rob. The simple answer to that is yes, we plan on increasing our brand-building investment to continue to drive our growth. We've said we're going to reinvest the 53rd week. We're going to do more than that. And so you could see the incremental investment above the 53rd week being a 53rd week plus, that and a little bit more. And we're committed to doing that because you see when you look at the brands that we're -- that we've revitalized and we've invested in have really responded and done very well. And so Cheez-It and Cheez-It Snap'd, Rice Krispies Treats, Pop-Tarts, all showing terrific momentum in the marketplace. I mentioned cereal.  We've got a job to do there. It doesn't come for free. And we're pleased with early indications that we're seeing around our Taste/Fun brands, as I've said. Europe, when we look at Europe and the opportunities we have there, we see good momentum despite a challenging macroeconomic environment in many of those countries. So we see the ability to get very good ROIs on our investment. And the final thing I'll tell you is, our Morningstar Farms business continues to do very well, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks [indiscernible] brand called Incogmeato. Now I'm not going to get into exactly what we're spending against that, obviously, for competitive reasons, but [indiscernible] buying something. We're investing in a brand-new launch, which we [indiscernible] and we're going to spend against it, and we see that as a very big opportunity.  We've got terrific food. We're excited to -- have you tried it at CAGNY when we're all there. So we're very excited, enthusiastic and committed to that launch. And we think that the investment plan that we have, the incrementality behind it will pay off and pay off well into the future because, again, what we're looking for is long-term sustainable growth that's balanced that continues our top line, continues margin expansion and gets us again this 4-point swing in 2020, which is the beginning of what we see as long-term dependable performance.
Robert Dickerson: Okay. Great. And then just a quick follow-up on free cash flow. I think you said you now have a little bit more financial flexibility, but at the same time, pulling back a bit on repurchase activity and focusing on deleverage. Is there -- is the rationale just you'd like to have a bit more -- a little bit cleaner of a balance sheet, a little bit more firepower and flexibility going forward on the acquisition front, and there's really not a lot of net near-term benefit, let's say, vis-à-vis acquisitions to be buying back stock?
Amit Banati: Yes. I think that's right. I think it will be using the free cash flow to pay down our debt next year and create flexibility for us going forward.
Operator: The next question is from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: I like to dig more a bit on the top line guidance. Organic top line guidance is disappointing. [Indiscernible] plus 1.9%, almost 2%, I mean, this year or so, I mean, in 2019, sorry. And the divestiture you did, I mean, a less performing business. I mean we were expecting more than the 2%, I mean, growth in 2020. So what is surprising also is that in all your businesses, when you highlight what you -- what to watch in 2020, it seems everything is going in the right direction. So what makes you so pessimistic in a way? And is there anything we missed there? So that's my first question. 
Steven Cahillane: Thank you, Laurent. I wouldn't call it pessimistic guidance. I'd characterize it as prudent guidance. And again, I'd just remind everybody that it's been since 2012 since we performed the way that we performed in 2019 with plus 1.9%. And so obviously, we've got some big hurdles that we'll be lapping all the successful innovations that we had in place this year that drove that performance, we'll have to anniversary. Now we're confident we'll be able to do that, but we want to be prudent in how we think about that.  We also have challenging macroeconomic conditions in certain markets like Brazil and potentially West Africa and so forth. So do not get us wrong. We plan on continuing our momentum and investing behind our momentum, and we will continue that momentum and do better. But we think based on long-term history and the anniversary and potential macroeconomic conditions, I mean, the 2% is prudent.
Laurent Grandet: Yes. And actually, my second question is exactly about Brazil and Nigeria. You mentioned in your prepared remark, I mean, some softness coming from those 2 regions. Could you please elaborate and give us a bit more color there in terms of magnitude and what to expect?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So if I start with West Africa. We definitely saw a slowdown, a macroeconomic slowdown. You saw it in some of our peers' results and so forth. We're still performing very well. So high single digits perform -- coming out of the fourth quarter, and we plan on continuing that. That's not the same as double digits, but high single digits in a market where there's some turbulence, we think, is quite good.  Brazil, obviously, same type of macroeconomic conditions, consumer sentiment and so forth that's affecting consumer goods in general. Now we continue to perform well. Our cookies, crackers, our biggest categories continue to perform well, and we continue to gain share. So we don't see a reason for worry, but we see a reason for prudence.  We're also very pleased about the supply chain changes that we made in Brazil. We moved, as I said, on a very old cereal plant in São Paulo to a brand-new production facility in lines in Paraty. We opened our first Pringles production line in Latin America, also in Paraty, a wonderful world-class facility. So there's a lot of reasons to be positive about those two markets. But again, emerging markets are volatile by nature, and we just want to ensure that we're prudent in our approach.
Operator: The next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Just two, I guess, two items that I just wanted to get a better understanding of better kind of flowing through for 2020. One is the incremental investments, are those onetime in nature? Or is it sort of re-basing higher your A&C investments? And then the second related, just thinking about the operating income, is stranded overhead -- I think my reflection of the Keebler divestiture was that the stranded overheads would not really be mitigated much in fiscal '20 because you've got the [indiscernible] -- the TSA agreement, and maybe that becomes more of a fiscal '21. So if you can give us an idea of on the stranded overhead, just, again, remind us the size and then the pacing of mitigating that.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Bryan. I'll start and let Amit take the second one. So you can think of some of this in terms of the marketing investment being onetime in nature, right? So Incogmeato will launch and it'll only launch once, the RX recall that we're lapping. So there's a bit of onetime. In the 53rd week, you can think is particularly a onetime event in nature. And obviously, we'll continue as we go throughout the year to be agile in how we think about investments required, but I would look towards 2020 as not being a re-base necessarily as being opportunistic investments against really interesting categories that we're competing in. Do you want to take this?
Amit Banati: Yes. Just on the stranded costs. So obviously, we've already initiated actions in terms of realigning the organization. And we've seen some benefits come through in '19, and we'd expect to continue to see some of that come in 2020. However, we are, our TSA as well. And our TSA, we expect to run through the course of 2020. So some of that, once we come off the TSA, would be addressing that would fall more in 2021. So it's a mixed bag.
Bryan Spillane: Is in order of magnitude with more of the recapture of stranded overheads fall into '21 versus '20 in terms of what's remaining?
Amit Banati: I'd say it's balanced, but there would definitely be some impact in 2021 once we come off the TSA and deal with those stranded costs. That will definitely be 2021. But we're also addressing stranded costs in 2020 and some in '19 already. So it's mix.
Steven Cahillane: Operator, we only have time for one more question, and it has to be short.
Operator: And that question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: I'll make it very short. Can you give us a quick update -- I know you talked a little bit about our RXBAR. But Steve, can you give us a quick update on whether its distribution has recovered to the extent you had hoped a few months ago? And if not, what's going on there?
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ken. A simple answer to that is yes. So it's recovered to its previous highs and, in fact, expanding beyond that. And there's a lot of really exciting innovations coming that will expand distribution. RXBAR minis, for example, you can find in the Club channel right now. RX oats continues to expand its distribution. Now we're focusing on advertising and velocities and getting that brand back to its momentum. And if you look at the latest Nielsen data, you can see that it's bouncing back. It's bouncing back nicely. We're really proud of the team there and really encouraged by the momentum that we see in the business and the potential that we see in the business.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to John Renwick for any closing remarks.
John Renwick: Thanks, everyone, for your interest, and please do not hesitate to call us today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-29 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company’s Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will turn the call over to Mr. John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin the conference call, Sir.
John Renwick: Thank you, Mike. And good morning and thank you for joining us today for review of our third quarter 2019 results and update of our full year 2019 outlook. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer. Slide #3 shows our usual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to this third slide of the presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Tuesday, November 5. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. As always, when referring to our results and our outlook unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on a currency neutral basis for net sales and on a currency neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. And now I will turn it over to Steve.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John and good morning everyone. We’re pleased to report another quarter of good progress with solid organic net sales growth and sequential improvement in profitability. In fact, returning to operating profit growth excluding our recent divestiture. We continue to do exactly what we said we do. In other words, we remained on strategy and it’s another quarter in which we delivered the results we said we would, in short we remained on plan. Let’s start with strategy on slide #5. Our reshape portfolio is doing what is intended to do. We once again delivered good growth in emerging markets where we built up scale and diversified our offerings. We once grew and developed market snacks, thanks to revitalized brands, effective innovation and On the Go pack formats and we delivered growth in developed markets frozen foods led by innovation and marketing that has driven a particularly exciting acceleration for MorningStar Farms veggie foods. This portfolio should give you confidence and our ability to sustain steady topline growth even as we work to stabilize developed market cereal particularly in the United States. As a reminder, as divestiture closed during the quarter, we’re addressing stranded costs and the transition services are underway and being well executed. We used the proceeds to reduce debt and enhance financial flexibility and we’re already feeling the benefit of increased focus behind the rest of our U.S. categories. And from a portfolio standpoint, we’re starting to see the divestitures favorable benefit of improved growth profile and better margins overtime. Beyond our portfolio reshaping, deploy for growth also continues to help us improve our competitiveness. Our focus on winning occasions is reflected in the strong performance of this year’s innovations and sustained growth in On the Go offerings. Our focus on building world-class brand in [Indiscernible] and everywhere from Pringles global momentum to the share gains of our revitalized U.S. snack brands to MorningStar Farms growth reacceleration. We’ve also made progress on improving service and in-store execution aided not only by investment and capabilities, but also by the improved visibility and holistic resource management that comes from our efforts earlier this year to flatten our organizational structure. And our heart and soul boosters are also generating results, as evidenced by our recent rise in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index ranking released during this quarter. And the best proof that our strategy is working is in our results. In Q3, we again remained solidly on plan for the year. We said we would return to topline growth this year and we’re delivering it. Slide #6 shows that we sustained our accelerations in organic net sales growth. We again posted organic growth in all four regions and we again recorded positive price realization amidst higher cost inflation. Globally, we grew organic net sales in snacks, frozen and noodles and we grew cereal outside of North America led by emerging markets. Importantly, we again showed growth in consumption and share in key categories and brands around the world. As a result, we are confident in our ability to deliver on our full year guidance. We said the profit growth would follow as we got past key investments and costs. During Q3, our operating profit excluding the mechanical impact of our divestiture moved into growth for the first time in several quarters. We delivered on promised sequential improvement in gross profit margin and we are seeing savings from the reorganizations we executed earlier this year. As a result, we're on target for our full year guidance for operating profit as well, even as we contemplate some incremental investments during Q4. Over the past year, we've often said that the hardest thing to do is to restore topline growth and we're doing that. In fact the heaviest lifting and the biggest most disruptive actions are largely behind us. We can now work on restoring profitability as well as on more targeted areas of investment. Remember, we're building a foundation for consistent dependable steady growth overtime and Q3 was another quarter of evidence that the foundation is taking shape. So with that let me now turn it over to Amit, who will take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail. Amit?
Amit Banati: Thanks Steve. Good morning everyone. Our Q3 and year-to-date results are summarized on slide #8. Keep in mind that the results on this slide are affected by the divestiture of our cookies, fruit snacks, pie crusts and ice cream cones businesses which closed at the end of July. So during Q3, there were two months of the quarter when we no longer had the sales and profit from those businesses. Net sales were down year-on-year because of about four percentage points of this divestiture impact. But on an organic basis, our net sales were up more than 2% for a second consecutive quarter. Our year-to-date organic net sales growth is well within our full year guidance. Operating profit declined because of about 5 percentage points of divestiture impact suggesting or return to growth excluding it. This return to growth may be a little earlier than you were expecting though it did benefit from some favorable timing of certain investments and costs, which will come in quarter four. Our year-to-date currency neutral adjusted operating profit performance is in line with our full year guidance. Earnings per share declined mainly because of the above mentioned divestiture impact on operating profit. However, partially offsetting this expected decline was a tax benefit. Our year-to-date currency neutral adjusted EPS is in line with our full year guidance. Our cash flow was also affected by the divestiture. Remember, the transaction proceeds are not included in the cash flow, but the taxes on those proceeds are as our any upfront cost and working capital timing difference. Through the first nine months, our cash flow trailed last year because of the divestiture impact and timing. We are still on track for our full year guidance with taxes on the divestiture proceeds to offset underlying cash flow in quarter four. So our quarter three and nine month results remain clearly in line with our stated 2019 plan. Let's now go into more details. As usual, we will start at the top of the P&L with net sales growth on slide #9. Our organic growth was up 2.4% and again we grew organically in all four regions. Among our categories globally, snacks led the growth increasing in all four regions. We also grew in frozen foods and we continue to expand in noodles. Cereal was down modestly due to our North America business, but it continued to grow outside of North America led by emerging markets. Importantly, consumption trends remain solid in key markets and categories around the world. And revenue growth management actions have helped us realize positive pricing even if modestly impacting volume. With 1.6% year-to-date growth an only one quarter left in the year we are obviously confident about achieving our full year guidance of 1% to 2% organic growth. On the slide you can see the negative impact of our divestiture which closed one month into the quarter and had an impact of negative 4%. It will have a little more impact in quarter four, its first full quarter out of our results. For the full year, we still expect 2% to 3% negative impact on net sales from our divestiture to be offset by the positive acquisition impact of Multipro's consolidation which itself anniversaried early in quarter two. Lastly, currency translation clipped more than a percentage point of our reported net sales in quarter three. While this pressure did moderate sequentially in part because of lapping last year's U.S. dollar appreciation, it has continued to run more negatively than we had expected. Now let's turn to our gross profit margin on slide #10. As we have communicated previously, we expect a gross margin to decrease year-on-year in 2019, but for this decline to moderate as the year goes on. And once again, we saw marked sequential improvement in quarter three with a year-on-year decline in gross margin, the smallest it has been since back in 2017 before we exited DSD and reset our margins accordingly. The chart shows the drivers of the sequential improvement in our gross margin. First, the mechanical bucket, the negative mechanical impact of consolidating Multipro, our distributor business in West Africa has anniversaried and starting in the third quarter, we began to see the positive mechanical benefit of divesting lower margin businesses during quarter three. We're also seeing the improvement in the bucket we call growth related. This bucket continues to feel negative pressure from mix, including mix shifts towards emerging markets and away from developed market cereal. It also reflects investments and costs into our food and packaging. Most notably our push into on the go pack format in North America snacks categories. Revenue growth management is helping to mitigate some of this impact and over the course of quarter three we started to see some offsets from supply chain investments specifically we opened centralize packing centers over the course of quarter three and we are now starting up newly installed packing lines in certain plants to begin repatriating some co-packed volume. We are also starting up local production of Pringles in Brazil for the first time. As we get ramped up, these actions will provide more and more benefit to gross margin and expect the overall growth related bucket will continue to improve in quarter four. The final bucket is what we call ongoing. As we've discussed previously, we not only have higher input cost inflation in this yield, but we are also comparing against notably favorable hedges last yield especially in the first half. Next, we continue to expect sequential improvement in gross profit margin in quarter four even if not quite as quickly as we would have liked. On SG&A expense, we continue to realize benefits related to organizational restructuring dating back to early this year and quarter three was the final quarter to lap the exceptional infusion of brand building investment that we made during quarter four 2017 through quarter three 2018. Some of the investment that had been deferred to quarter three has now been moved to quarter four. The result of our good organic net sales growth moderating gross margin decline and year-on-year decrease in SG&A was a slight growth in operating profit before the impact of divestiture. We said profit will follow as we got past unusual investments and costs and it is. Now let's move below the operating profit line turning to slide #11. As we have discussed previously these below the line items faced important headwinds in the first half moderating in the second half and you can see this in our quarter three results. Our interest expense in quarter three was flat for the first time this year. Remember, in the first half it was up year-on-year due debt added last year for our acquisition in West Africa and voluntary pension contributions. Other income was also flat year-on-year for the first time this year, as favorability in items such as company owned life insurance offset a narrowing decline in net pension items. And for the first time this year, in quarter three we saw year-on-year favorability on our effective tax rate. Not only have we already lapped the sizable discrete benefits of first half 2018 as expected, but we also realized a benefit in this year's quarter three related to reversing a tax accrual. This is a one-time benefit that will not impact quarter four, but it does take down a full year tax rate estimates to around 20%. Turning to slide #12, nothing has changed regarding our post divestiture timeline. As you know, the divestiture closed on July 29. So, from a financial perspective, the divestiture will have five months of dilution this year and seven months of dilution in 2020. As we now have greater visibility on transition services, plans around stranded costs and overall financial impact, we can now update you on timing of expected operating profit dilution. For this year 2019, we will likely track towards the favorable end of the guidance range we've previously given for impact on operating profit. Some of this dilution is shifting into 2020, when it may take a little longer to fully extract stranded costs depending on the length of transition services and when we lapse the seasonally largest operating profit of the divested business. During quarter three, we redeemed debt incurring one-time premiums in interest expense but reducing our overall debt leverage. We still anticipate that this cost of redemption largely offsets the savings on interest expense this year. And again its worth mentioning that far more important than how this transaction impacts our 2019 P&L is, what it does for our overall growth and margin profiles going forward. Not only were these lower growth and lower margin businesses for us, but we can now focus more attention and resources on our best categories and brands. And we are already starting to experience this. So let's move to our 2019 full your outlook and guidance, which is shown on slide #13. We are making no changes to our full year guidance for net sales, operating profits and cash flow and our earnings per share outlook moves to the favorable end of its guidance range. Currency neutral net sales are still expected to finish the year in the 1% to 2% range. In effect, the five months of divestiture in the second half offsets the four months Multipro acquisition in the first half. Meanwhile, organic net sales growth is still forecast to be 1% to 2% as well. Year-to-date, our organic net sales growth is 1.6% so we have confidence in this guidance range. Currency neutral adjusted operating profit expectations continue to be in the negative 4% to 5% range as we have communicated since the divestiture. That's where we are running through the first nine months. We mentioned the expected divestiture impact shifting a little into 2020, but this is mostly offset in 2019 by investment that is shifting into quarter four. In addition, we may need to leave room for potential Brexit risk and/or incremental investments. So we are maintaining our guidance range for operating profit. Currency neutral adjusted EPS is now expected to be at the favorable end of the previous guidance range of negative 10% to 11% given our quarter three tax benefit and favorability in other income. And lastly, cash flow is still expected to finish the year at around $0.5 billion reflecting relatively stable based business cash flow year-on-year, but with a roughly $0.5 billion negative impact from the divestiture. Overall, our full year guidance for these metrics has not changed from the beginning of the year other than layering on the impact of our subsequent divestiture. And if anything over the course of the year we've reduced our reliance on quarter four. Meanwhile, we have paid down debt to enhance our financial flexibility. So we feel good about our financial position heading into the final quarter of the year. I will now turn it back over to Steve, who will review each of our major businesses.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks Amit. Let's now turn to North America in slide #15. For a second straight quarter, we were able to grow organic net sales in this region in spite of a soft period for cereal. This speaks to the composition of our portfolio and the growth momentum we are seeing in our big snacks and frozen brands. It also speaks to the behind-the-scenes work we have been doing. We have changed our organizational design for better visibility and more holistic resource allocation. We have invested in capabilities such as revenue growth management and digital marketing. Our innovation launches and pipeline are the best we've had in years. Our performance in specialty channels remains very solid and we have overhauled key processes for better service and execution. Meantime, we've been working to cover cost pressures. Revenue growth management has helped us realize price and we've taken major steps to restore margins on our rapidly expanding On the Go Pack formats. As a result margin declines in North America have continued to moderate sequentially. So in a year of incredible change in North America, there is a lot of great work going into its foundation for future growth. Let's discuss each major category in a little more detail. We'll start with snacks, our largest category in North America on slide #16. Obviously, this is the business most affected by our divestiture. Nonetheless, it posted another quarter of strong organic net sales growth supported again by strong consumption. From a consumption standpoint, the categories in which we compete crackers, salty snacks and portable wholesome snacks collectively grew by more than 4% in Q3 and our consumption was up 5% gaining share. Behind the share gain was continued momentum by our biggest brands driven by effective brand building, incremental innovation and growth in occasion based pack formats. Pringles continue to grow consumption led by On the Go expansion and effective in-store activity to go with its new wavy innovation platform. Cheez-It sustained its double-digit consumption growth with its successful Snap’d innovation platform coming on top of double-digit growth in the core offering. In portable wholesome snacks Rice Krispies Treats sustained its strong consumption growth with double-digit growth in both its core offerings and its new Popper's platform. Pop-Tarts consumption growth remains very strong bolstered by new bites and Nutrigrain has rebounded the consumption and share growth with its own bites offerings. So snacks had another very good quarter. Let's turn now to cereal in slide #17. Candidly, cereal has taken a little longer than anticipated to bounce back after we pulled back investment in the first half to execute our pack size harmonization program. Our promotional activity as measured by the percentage of units sold on promotion in a scanner data didn't climb all the way back to year ago levels yet and we also delayed some advertising activity in part to enable us to activate additional capacity for certain products. Where we have most return to normal brand activity is in the taste fund segment which underwent its pack harmonization back in Q1. This quarter, our taste fund segments brands collectively grew consumption and share. Greater consumer activation behind frosted flakes and its mission Tiger program resulted in shared growth for that key brand. We're seeing a good recovery in Honey Smacks with new reformulated foods and we're supporting better performance for brands like Froot Loops, Crave and new Pop-Tarts cereal. It is in a health and wellness in all family segments, which underwent pack harmonization in Q2 that we did not restore activity as quickly as we had planned in quarter three and we're also seeing the impact of eliminating certain underperforming SKUs. In recent weeks we are encouraged to see positive reaction to new advertising campaigns for both Special K and Mini Wheats. We've also reaccelerating growth in the bear naked granola brand and continue to grow cornflakes consumption and share. We expect gradual improvement in Q4 and into 2020. We are not where we need to be yet in North America cereal but we're on it. And we'll finish our North American discussion with frozen foods on slide #18. We had another good quarter in frozen foods. Net sales lapped strong year ago growth and felt the impact of phasing out certain SKUs. More than offsetting these factors was accelerated growth in MorningStar Farms. MorningStar Farms are leading plant-based meat alternatives brand accelerated its consumption growth to 11% and gained more than a full share point. We're benefiting from some very creative social media, exciting new products and distribution growth at major retailers. So much has been made lately of the emerging ready to cook or refrigerated meat alternative segments and there is no question that this segment has terrific momentum in growth prospects. In fact, we are extremely excited about our new launch Incognito in Q1, 2020. But, we are also excited about the momentum in prospects in the frozen aisle and not just in burgers but in all meat alternative types. One of our advantages is that we have a very complete portfolio. In Q3 for instance, MorningStar Farms grew consumption by 20% in poultry alternatives almost 6% in breakfast meat alternatives and more than 30% in hotdogs alternatives. We even grew 2% in frozen burger alternatives the segment that has seen the most competition from new refrigerated entries. And to further emphasize our various offerings, we are rolling out new packaging in December as shown on the slide. In frozen breakfast, our net sales declined slightly because of tough comps and phasing out certain products. However, in our core frozen waffles, pancakes and French toast businesses, which we refer to internally as from the griddle, our overall consumption grew nearly 2% year-on-year. Eggo despite tough comparisons continued to grow consumption led by innovation in the French toast and pancake segments as well as sustained momentum for its premium thick and fluffy waffles sub line. Kashi has also accelerated its growth in this category as we pursue a natural and organic occasion. So we continue to feel very good about our frozen foods business. Now let's discuss our international businesses starting with Europe on slide #19. Kellogg Europe has now posted eight straight quarters of organic net sales growth. The region's momentum continues to be led by Pringles whose double-digit growth benefited from outstanding commercial programs. These range from gaming oriented promotions to our Asia-inspired rice infused innovation. Growth is also being driven by increased On the Go Pack format offerings and by continued distribution expansion most notably in Russia. Cereal sales continued to stabilize in Q3. Across total Europe, the cereal category remains in modest growth and we've returned to share gains over the past few months. This has been led by the U.K. where we benefited from effective brand building around brands like Crunchy Nut and the success of innovations like white chocolate Choco Pops. We also continue to grow strongly in Russia aligned to our emerging markets strategy. Wholesome snacks continue to be on a path to stabilization with particularly good performance in the U.K. this quarter led by Rice Krispie Squares. Europe's profit decline in the quarter was related to the timing of costs and promotional investments. So it was another very solid quarter for Europe. Let's turn to Latin America, which posted another quarter of net sales growth as shown on slide #20. Keep in mind that there is a small divestiture impact on this region as we did offer most of the now divested brands in Puerto Rico. On an organic basis Kellogg Latin America posted net sales growth of nearly 6% year-on-year in Q3 despite lapping a double-digit gain in the year earlier quarter. In Mexico, we continue to post good topline growth momentum led by continued consumption growth in cereal and lapping year ago acceleration. Additionally, we grew consumption and share in wholesome snacks and posted double-digit consumption growth in Pringles. We also grew [America snack] despite continuing to have to work through challenging macroeconomic conditions in Argentina and cereal and biscuit category softness in Brazil. We continue to perform well in the marketplace and we continue to realize price. We also continue to build a future for Pringles in Brazil starting up local production for the first time and ramping up distribution through a new distributor. This created some extra cost in the quarter but it will make us that much more competitive going forward. Latin America's operating profit was pressured by these startup costs as well as higher input cost and adverse transactional foreign exchange but also by lapping a notably strong profit growth in the year ago quarter. So despite a challenging environment, we continue to feel good about our business in Latin America. Finally, our Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa business is shown on slide #21. AMEA remained our fastest growing region in Q3 with net sales growth of nearly 8% year-on-year. The chart on the slide is intended to show you the relative sizes of our three major category groups. And as you can see, we grew in all three in the quarter just as we have year-to-date. In cereal, growth was led by Asia and the Middle East North Africa and Turkey sub-regions. Noodles and other is concentrated in Africa where we continue to grow strongly. Multipro's growth is driven not only by noodles, but also growth in other products it distributes in West Africa. In addition, we continue to expand distribution for Kellogg's branded noodles elsewhere in the continent. In snacks, growth continued as Pringles maintained its momentum continuing to show strong consumption and share growth across the region with gains in markets ranging from Australia and South Korea to Saudi Arabia and India. Operating profit in the quarter was aided by the reversal of an accrual related to an excise tax matter that has been settled. Yet even without that we are delivering double-digit growth this year. So AMEA continues to be a very exciting region for us. Let's wrap up with a brief summary on slide #23. We're doing what we said we would do. We're taking bold, decisive actions for the long-term health of the business. We've returned to topline growth and we're now focusing and addressing our profit margins. We told you that 2018 and 2019 would be an investor grow period for us as we implemented changes and invested behind our brands and capabilities under our deploy for growth strategy. Through Q3 we clearly remain on strategy. We have continued to shape our portfolio toward growth closing on an important divestiture and continuing to build emerging market scale. We have continued to enhance our competitiveness through targeting new occasions, revitalizing world-class brands and improving service and in-store execution. We've continued to build capabilities notably in revenue growth management, innovation, digital media and e-commerce and we've realigned our organization for greater agility and yet through all of this change we've remained on plan. Organic net sales growth is on track for full year guidance and our best performance in many years. Operating profit is on track for full year guidance with margins continuing to gradually comeback. Earnings per share are toward the favorable end of our guidance range and cash flow is on track for full year guidance. As always, I'd really like to thank our employees for their dedication and hard work and bringing about all of this change while still delivering on our financial commitments. Our people truly are our competitive advantage. And with that operator, we will now open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question we have will come from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Good morning, folks. Thank you slot me in. I guess, my first question is on cereal as you mentioned in your slides this was the year to see some gradual improvement and we haven't seen it. We've kind of seen erosion instead. As you think about the forward, can you give us more context in terms of the activation plans you have to improve your market share performance and the reported organic sales are surprisingly softer than what we are seeing Nielsen on a fairly consistent basis. Is this a result of maybe you’re under shipping consumption due to inventory drawdown of the trade, or is there weakness in all major channels that were not seeing and scanned?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, morning Jason. Thanks for the question. A couple of things. Clearly and I hope I articulated this well. Cereal in the United States is job number one in terms of what we have not delivered relative to our performance across the board and so it's obviously a priority. We underwent as you know, a huge pack harmonization in Q1 and Q2 and even it the Q3. And as I said, we are seeing some return to better performance in our taste and fun for you segment and you can see that in the Nielsen, a better performance not where we want to be but modest share gains where we have not yet seen is in special K and frosted Mini Wheats in particular, which underwent a later pack harmonization. And so there is a couple of reasons for that. One reason is, the delay of investment around frosted Mini Wheats more into the fourth quarter based on coming out of the pack harmonization a little late and not really having the capacity necessary. So that's one. And number two is, just really making sure that we get the pack harmonization through before we reinvest in the category. So we are not where we want to be, but we are getting more green suits showing and if you look at even the latest four weeks outlook, four weeks is not a trend. But the latest Nielsen IRI data that's been published shows some of the best performance in the year across the broad cereal portfolio actually gaining share through the October 19, report. So we are seeing some modest improvements more than modest compared to where we have been based on the activities in the marketplace. So we are optimistic that we have the right plan as we go into Q4 and into 2020. The other part of your question around timing shipments and so forth, a lot of that has to do with obviously promotional changes and the pack size harmonization and as we always say, there is always going to be a difference between timing of shipments and consumption. We will always prefer to be obviously on driving consumption and having consumption ahead, overtime retailers and suppliers are only going to get more efficient. It's in everybody's best interest always improve against inventory, bringing inventory down modestly that works for everybody in terms of working capital, in terms of freshness of product, in terms of just overall efficiencies in the supply chain. So I don't think we are seeing anything more than that. But we are pleased that consumption is ahead relative to shipment at this point. But we don't see any over arching theme there.
Jason English: That's helpful. One more question then I will pass it on. I think it was it was Amit, who mentioned in prepared remarks that with the topline now back to what you guys do a sustainable growth focus is now shifting on restoring profitability. I was hoping you could delve in a little bit more on the drivers of that. Clearly, we have seen gross margin erosion but from an absolute perspective your gross margins are still reasonably at healthy levels. It's the overhead party or P&L that looks heavy in context to most your other peers. Is there a structural reason why you think, your overhead should be so high or is that an area that in focus as you think about that restoration of profitability?
Steve Cahillane: Yes Jason, I'll start and then turn it over to Amit. Just an important to note, from a gross margin perspective we're not where we want to be we want to continue to drive that. We're very pleased that we're seeing sequential improvement based on the activities that we put in place. From an overall overhead standpoint, we've seen good improvements in terms of bringing the overheads down. When you look at our portfolio relative to others, we don't have a lot -- we don't really have any commodity type of businesses that don't require brand building. So some of our peers do have those types of commodity businesses in their base, which again would change the comparative, but overall I'd say we're driving towards better margin performance. We're pleased to see the sequential, but we know we still have work to do. Amit you want to.
Amit Banati: No, I think you covered it Steve. I think the only couple of other points I would make is we were pleased with the progress that we are making in gross margin both sequentially year versus year ago but also quarter-on-quarter. So I think if you look at our quarter three absolute gross margin, its grown 110 basis points versus where we were in the previous quarter and obviously that's going to be a focus area going forward. I think the only other thing I'd say on overheads is, scale in emerging markets as we continue to build scale in emerging markets that will certainly help us from a scale and overhead standpoint in those markets.
Jason English: Thank you guys. I'll pass on.
Operator: Next we have Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: Good morning everyone.
Steve Cahillane: Good morning Ken.
Ken Zaslow: One of the comments that you said starting through the introductory comments was that you're flattening out organizational structure. Can you talk about what exactly have you done and can you give some anecdotes of how that's actually either change the way you operate or have done something strategically to kind of give it a directional change of how that's actually impacting the outlook?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question Ken. The big organizational changes we've made have been in North America and in Europe and if you think back to the past we had different business units really fully staffed business units focused on snacks, focused on morning foods, focused on frozen across different categories and what we've done is, we've combined it into one portfolio, one Kellogg portfolio which allows for much better resource allocation across. You don't have frozen competing with snacks competing with morning foods for investment. You have ahead of categories who is looking across the totality of the portfolio to say where am I getting the best return on investments, what are some of the most strategic areas for us to invest in and driving better decision making because of that as well as a lighter more nimble organization. You also have a sales organization that is much easier to understand from a customer perspective. So you don't have somebody coming in selling snacks followed by another person coming in selling morning foods. You have somebody representing the totality of Kellogg both at the headquarter level and at the store level, which is not only more efficient but also more effective. So it's really in that sweet spot of being efficiency and effectiveness together and by and large that's the same focus that we brought to Europe as well. So it's about driving better resource allocation, better investment decisions, faster more nimble decision-making and we're seeing it happening in the marketplace and we're seeing that come through and better decision-making, faster decision making some of the best innovation we brought to bear in the marketplace this year I think is a direct output of some of the changes that we've made.
Ken Zaslow: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next we have Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. One of the things I just wanted the clarification on in the prepared remarks is, I think you said the impact of the divestiture would be less severe in 2019 than you thought. But then it would shift into 2020. Amit, can you help us understand like why that timing is happening and then again if it's a little better than you thought what are you doing with that upside? You said you're reinvesting it for Brexit and maybe for other reinvestment spending. Is that correct?
Amit Banati: Yes. So let me just start with the divestiture impact. So I think as we've got greater visibility on the transition services as we've kind of firmed up our plants around stranded costs, I think we've got just a little more clarity around the phasing of how this will play out. So it's not a significant shift. I think, we had guided to -4 to -5. I think we're now saying that given the visibility that we now have three months into the process we're saying it's probably going to be -4 and I think that 1% we are saying would probably shift into next year. I think the shift into next year is again really driven by transitions services that we expect now to be longer than what we had initially thought. So that's going to drag into 2020. And then related to that would be when you can extract the stranded cost because the two are obviously linked. And so, I think it's really that timing and that clarity and visibility on the timing that's caused the shift between the two years. And I think, in terms of investments again given this is not a major shift, I think as we head into quarter four a little bit of shift in investments from quarter three into quarter four is what we're looking at.
Robert Moskow: And then one follow-up. Was SG&A down excluding the divestiture in the quarter because I think you described it as an investment quarter, but it's kind of hard to tease that out with the divestiture?
Amit Banati: Yes. So SG&A was down and I think, like I mentioned in my prepared comments, it was a couple of things. One is the benefits that we are getting from the organizational restructuring dating back to the start of the year. So that was one driver and then the second driver was we were lapping the exceptional double-digit increase in brand-building that we had in quarter three 2018.
Robert Moskow: Thank you.
Amit Banati: Thanks.
Operator: Next we have Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Thank you. Two for me. First Steve, I think you mentioned eliminating some underperforming SKUs in cereal. There's been some I guess industry chatter about the impact of Click and Collect and delivery on grocery shelf sets and by that I mean some retailers have been leaning toward giving facings or bigger facings to the high velocity items or moving facings from lower velocity items at a sort of accelerated rate. I just wanted to know and poke around a little bit is your SKU rate have in any way related to that trend or is this more normal course of business and I don't want to make too big a deal out of that?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question. It's not related to that. So it's the normal course of flavors that underperforming being replaced by new innovations, we haven't seen literally any real change in total points of distribution. So I would say just normal course of business. Obviously, the price package harmonization which was not normal course of business but in terms of SKU rate more normal.
Ken Goldman: Yes. Perfect. Thank you and then I guess my follow-up is, I know you're not ready to really talk about 2020 in any detail, but there were a couple comments made today that I wanted to make sure I heard correctly. So sounds like the TSA will last a little bit longer than you thought. It sounds like stranded costs will still be a headwind for next year as expected but you did caution a little bit about Brexit and maybe some more investments too. Are you trying to send a signal to investors that hey there's some really good things happening into next year in terms of sales and margins on the core level, but there's some other things that maybe might hold back at least temporarily some of the growth on the bottom line. Is that sort of a message that we're trying to take away from here or is that I'm again reading into that a little bit too much? 
Steve Cahillane: Yes, I’d say don't read too much into it Ken. I think, let's start with Brexit, I mean clearly, everyday there's new news in the marketplace and it's hard to determine exactly what if anything will happen. So we've been cautious in terms of that. We don't know any better than anybody else exactly what may or may not happen. In terms of investment opportunities, we're saying we're on strategy, we're on plan. We're very pleased with where we're seeing the portfolio shape up outside of U.S. cereal. If we have the flexibility, give us the flexibility to make some investments in quarter four, we'll strive to do that to put us in the best possible position to continue to drive the momentum that we have in the topline. And so just very much on plan and if we have an opportunity to again continue to invest for the long term then we'll look to do that but I wouldn't read much more than that into it.
Ken Goldman: Thanks so much.
Operator: And next we have Steve Strycula of UBS.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good morning. Two strategy questions. The first would be on revenue management. Steve as you look across the portfolio, how do you think about which categories in which regions have the most runway, we hear more and more companies talking about that being an increasingly important lever to drive price mix especially as a commodity that kind of flattens out and then I have a follow-up?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Steve, thanks for the question. I wouldn't say really that revenue growth management by category has more opportunities in one category or another category. We're obviously focused on our big categories and our big geographies. And so, you think about cereal, you think about snacks, you think about frozen in North America and driving RGM activity and progress there. You think about snacks and cereal in Europe being another big area and focused on developed markets first before we think about emerging markets. Emerging markets were obviously very-very laser focused on our strategy of the affordability pyramid and thinking about making sure we have locally relevant foods that are affordable for the local populations is the way we think about kind of the broader RGM strategy there and then develop markets more sophisticated modern trade approach to it. We're pleased with the progress we're making. We're striving towards always driving a better balance between volume and price mix. We're pleased with the type of price mix we've been able to drive this year particularly relative to the last several years, but we're working towards really driving a better balance and always having a volume component as well as a price mixed component that's in the black.
Steve Strycula: Steve to follow up there how do we think about that particularly North America price mix volume balance transition as we think over the next few quarters. And then, on the snacking piece you've done a very nice job there. How do we think about as you look for inorganic opportunities to build it out further? What are your top priorities? Is it doubling down on the U.S. market? Is it looking to new emerging markets where you don't have a footprint or actually building out more of a bulkhead in some of your emerging markets where you have like a half position of footprint? Thank you.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So I'd say, in terms of the developed markets it's balanced as I said, trying to find the right balance and seeking the right balance between volume and price mix is always important for the long-term and so that's what we seek to do there. In terms of inorganic nothing's really change from what we said, if we find the opportunity to find a great business in a white space in snacking in better-for-you and develop markets that could be interesting, scale in emerging markets is very interesting for us. We're very pleased with the investments we've made in Parati, in Multipro, in [Dufo] and so those are a good kind of template to think about the way we think about opportunities inorganically for us. Beyond that obviously I wouldn't want to single anymore.
Steve Strycula: Thank you.
Operator: Next we have Nik Modi of RBC.
Nik Modi: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Just two quick ones for me. Amit, maybe you can just talk about the commodity cost environment from Kellogg’s point of view? I'm talking about obviously recent drought conditions in Australia leading Kellogg’s take a price increase here. So anything on the horizon that we should be thinking about? And then, for you just thinking about the European business for cereal and how it's really started to progress nicely and move into the almost positive territory, any learnings from that market that you can apply or you think are relevant from the U.S. market? Thanks.
Amit Banati: So maybe I'll just start with your question on some commodities. Obviously, we're not getting into 2020 guidance on this call but if you kind of look at where current input prices are and spot rates, we should be looking at little less inflation or in the next year compared to 2019. 2019 as you know, we saw mid-single digit inflation year-on-year, so compared to that we should probably be seeing lesser inflation as we look at 2020 based on where spot markets are.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Nik in terms of Europe as a bellwether and an area to learn from it clearly is that the European cereal business from a category standpoint is returned to growth and we're growing faster than the category especially in quarter three in the U.K. where we saw some very nice acceleration led by Crunchy Nut and Choco Pops and the learnings there are definitely applicable. White chocolate Choco Pops was a huge hit. They've also got some commercial programs and innovations that have been very successful that the U.S. team is studying for relevance in the United States. Special K actually showing good improvement in Europe and in the United Kingdom really focused on the food. Food being the hero and some of that learning is being applied and as I said even if you look at Special K in the most recent data available some of the stuff that we've brought over from the U.K. and the learnings and the focus on food is giving us reasons for cautious optimism. So, I think broadly speaking the fact that Europe is in the type of growth it is in cereal is an inspiration for us and there is definitely some learning that can be applied to the U.S. but we've got work to do in the U.S. in terms of cereal. We know that. We're on it and when we get that to where we know we can get it I think the rest of the portfolio really shines through.
Nik Modi: Thanks so much.
Operator: Next we have Michael Lavery of Piper Jaffray.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you.
Steve Cahillane: Good morning Michael.
Michael Lavery: Can you give a little bit more color on your implied 4Q outlook? You've said things have been on planned so far. You're obviously holding guidance, but it looks like that would likely imply a sequential deceleration in organic EBIT growth maybe down a point or two. You mentioned some of the spending shifts. Can you touch on maybe the magnitude of that and you mentioned Brexit as a risk. It looks like that could slide to next year. What are your assumptions baked in for 4Q as it is and maybe the last piece is just as you talked about some of the centralized packing for the On the Go packs in 3Q, how much was that ramping and should we expect more of a benefit in 4Q? Can just help us put all that together?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I'll start Michael and maybe Amit will add as well. Obviously, we don't give quarterly guidance and we reaffirmed everything we talked about for a full year and so you can obviously do the math from there. In terms of Brexit obviously, we don't know what if anything that will bring and when it will bring. We're preparing as best we possibly can but there's an array of different potential outcomes there and what we like everybody else are watching. In terms of our On the Go pack formats and bringing things in-house we're making good progress there and that's one of the drivers behind our sequential gross margin expansion. So we'll continue to do that. And then, beyond that I wouldn't signal anything about next year. Again it's too early to talk about 2020 guidance and we like where we are in terms of on strategy, on plan. We're looking to do the same type of drive the same type of performance in Q4 and when we talk about Q4 results in February, we'll give you a better outlook on exactly the way we're thinking about 2020.
Amit Banati: I think the only other thing I'd add is just the divestiture impact. So in quarter three we had two months of impact. In quarter four will have the full quarter of impact. So in quarter three NSV or the divestiture impact was about 4 percentage points on NSV and about five percentage points on OP. Given we've got three months in quarter four, it'll be around 5% on NSV and an OP it will be around 8% to 9%. So I think that the impact of the divestiture will be more pronounced as we have three months of that in quarter four. And I think as Steve mentioned earlier, we'd also look to see if we could make some investments behind growth opportunities should we have the opportunity to do so.
Michael Lavery: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Next we have Laurent Grande of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grande: Yes. Good morning everyone. Two questions actually. The first one is, I mean still on the guidance I mean you have stronger margin in the quarter and delivering a bit on EPS. In addition you lowered your tax rate guidance for the year and despite all those positive you just had modestly your EPS guidance for the year. So could you please help us reconcile and as it may prove, your guidance is a bit conservative. And second question is really more on the North American frozen food and MorningStar Farm specifically. Lots of interest recently on prom based burger meat alternative generally. Could you please let us know are you are planning to compete against rather new entrants like impossible or beyond in the category? Leverage your scale especially in the art of home consumption.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks Lauren. I wouldn't, I'd just be repeating in terms of quarter four guidance. We're pleased about where we are on strategy, on plan. You look at where our sales is and we want to continue to maintain that type of momentum which gets us exactly in the 1% to 2% as we guided towards. And as both Amit and I mentioned if we have an opportunity to invest in quarter four we would be looking to do that and so that's kind of where we stand in terms of the full year outlook. In terms of the frozen business and in particular our MorningStar Farms business, we believe we have a competitive advantage for several reasons. Number one, we've got a very complete portfolio. We've got frozen. We're going to introduce refrigerated in the first quarter of 2020 and we even have an ambient offering in our [Indiscernible] that were in test right now that we're optimistic about the potential there. So a full-on complete portfolio we have the scale that is Kellogg from a manufacturing standpoint, from a sales standpoint, from an R&D standpoint. I've been trying our food on a very regular basis that we're going to introduce in the first quarter and I am very pleased with the food and very proud of our R&D team that have really created a best-in-class, a refrigerated offering that we're very excited to be launching. We've had a number of customers trying that as well and so as I look at the totality of what we bring MorningStar Farms, the brand, the heritage the tradition, the insights that we have, the complete portfolio that we have, the poultry offerings which continue to do extremely well, I think we've got a real gem in our portfolio and you'll see more of that come through and I guess I would just end with the fact that even without the refrigerated offering being in the market yet you're seeing a real acceleration as we talked about in our veg business MorningStar consumption was up nearly 11% in quarter three, gaining 120 basis points a share. So we're very pleased with the team and what they've accomplished and believe that the best days for that business are clearly in front of us.
Steve Cahillane: Operator we are at 10:30, so we're going to have to wrap it up. But thanks everyone for your interest and please call if you have any other questions.
Operator: And we thank you sir, to the rest of the management team for your time also this morning. Again the conference call is now concluded. At this time you may disconnect your lines. Thank you. Again everyone take care and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-01 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, Gary, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our review of our second quarter 2019 results and an update of our full year 2019 outlook. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer. Slide 3 shows our usual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance are forward-looking statements, actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to this third slide of the presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, August 8. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. As always when referring to our results and outlook unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on a currency neutral basis for net sales and on a currency neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. And now I will turn it over to Steve.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John and good morning everyone. In a business turnaround, there is nothing more important, - to continuously report back to our share owners that we are executing our strategy as planned and that we are delivering our results as planned and that's exactly what I had the opportunity to do here today. There is no more compelling evidence of this than in our organic net sales growth, which is shown in Slide 5. Ever since we pivoted in Q4 2017 from our cost reduction phase and into and invest for growth phase, we have been committed to and demonstrating a gradual improvement in organic net sales growth. This is absolutely critical for long-term profit growth. It has required heavy lifting, we had to exit DSD and free up resources. We had to revitalize brands through repositioning and investment. We had an innovation pipeline that had to be refilled. And we had to shift our portfolio to faster growth categories and markets. And it's working. Q2 was the purest example of this with organic net sales growth of more than 2% and it's not just that this is our best organic growth since 2016 or even since 2012 if you exclude the inflationary benefits of Venezuela in prior years, it's the fact that this growth was broad based with all four regions in growth. It's the fact that our enhanced capabilities in revenue growth management are yielding improved price realization in a year of notably high cost inflation. It's the fact that our innovation launches are off to a great start and it's the fact that we are holding or gaining share in more of our categories than before. And what may be a surprise to many of you, it's the fact that we can post this kind of growth for the total portfolio even in a quarter when our closely watched U.S. cereal business declined meaningfully amidst a pack size harmonization. This organic net sales growth is the truest sign that we're making strong progress in deploy for growth. But it's not only sign of progress in Q2. Slide 6 shows some more elements that you should be aware of. First, we've continued to reshape our portfolio. Just this week, we closed on the divestiture of our cookies, fruit snacks, pie crust and ice cream cones businesses. It's never easy saying goodbye to colleagues, but these brands are going to a more suitable home and Ferrero is truly a world-class organization. For us the closing of this divestiture means we now have a portfolio that is more focused on our most advantaged brands and categories with a better growth profile and higher profit margins. Meanwhile, we continue to expand in emerging markets, particularly through snacking not only because of successful acquisitions and partnerships, but also from geographic and product line expansion. We posted another quarter of good growth in Russia, we grew double digit again as we expand in West Africa and the Middle East and we continue to grow strongly in Brazil, led by our parity business. Second, we've seen improved in-market performance in developed markets as well. In particular, we are pleased to see the momentum in key snack brands that we knew we had to revitalize, we'll talk more about these later. Third, our improved innovation pipeline is bearing fruit as we told you our net sales from newly launched products in 2019 will be the highest in at least four years. But more importantly they're doing well, particularly on new food platforms like Cheez-It Snap'd. Fourth, we've continued to grow on the go offerings, remember this was a key priority for us as we take advantage of this growing occasion. We had another strong quarter of consumption growth in key U.S. snacks categories and we continue to use single serve to reach affordable price points in emerging markets. Fifth, we've realized price as I mentioned, this was important in an environment where we are facing our highest cost inflation in years, but it also gives you a read on how much we've improved our capabilities in revenue growth management. And lastly, we've realigned our business I touched on this earlier, but it bears repeating, because this isn't easy. Extracting stranded costs requires a complete re-arranging of organization and processes and you should feel good that we are proactively and immediately addressing this. We also took the opportunity to restructure our European business, both should add to the agility and speed we have been seeking to enhance. So another eventful quarter with continued progress, the profit will follow, particularly as we get past the initial heaviest investments as we start to surmount our accelerated cost inflation in challenging cost comparisons, but we're building for the long term and we like where we're headed. With that let me turn it over to our new CFO, Amit Banati who will take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail. Amit?
Amit Banati: Thanks, Steve and good morning everyone. First, let me start by saying that it's an honor and privilege to be here today on my first earnings call as CFO. I look forward to working with you all. Our Q2 and first half results are summarized on Slide 8. Context is important here. Since late last year we've been telling you how 2019 would play out. We said that organic net sales growth would improve gradually as revitalized brand sustained momentum as price realization improves and as Multipro anniversaries and starts to contribute to organic growth. That is certainly playing out as Steve just discussed. We said the gross margin would be down year-on-year, especially in the first half, owing to tougher input cost comparisons and the fact that our On the Go pack format margins remain a year-on-year negative until major corrective actions kick in during the second half. But we told you we would see gradual sequential improvement in gross margin and that's exactly what we saw again in quarter two. We said that the result of these factors would be year-on-year decreases in operating profits during the first half, returning to growth in the second half, excluding any divestiture impact. If anything, our operating profit declined less than expected in both Q1 and Q2 affording us the ability to better balance what was already a back weighted plan. And we noted particularly difficult year-on-year comparisons for tax rate during the first half. Further, adding to this first half, second half disparity on earnings per share. And again through the first half we are actually a little ahead of our EPS expectations. Finally, on cash flow, we said that we would likely be flat year-on-year before any divestitures or related business realignment charges and outlays. Through the first half we are ahead of last year on cash flow. So our Q2 and first half results are clearly in line with our stated plan and they give us increased confidence in our full year outlook. Let's now go into a little more detail. I'll start at the top of the P&L, with net sales growth and Slide 9. Steve covered this pretty well already pointing out that this Q2 performance was our best organic growth in some time. I'll just point out a few other items to consider as you model us. One, the organic growth was broad-based. As already mentioned, we generated organic growth in all four regions, among our categories globally, snacks led the growth, but we also grew in frozen and in noodles. Cereal was down, mainly because of our U.S. business but it continues to grow in emerging markets. So we feel pretty good about our foundation for growth. Two, we have executed revenue growth management actions across the globe and across categories over the past two to three quarters, including in quarter two. So there is a near-term relationship between the decline in volume and our positive price mix. We would expect them to balance out a bit as we get into the second half. Three, Multipro's consolidation which we treat like an acquisition from a reporting standpoint anniversaried on May 2nd during Q2. So that is now in our organic basis net sales. Starting in Q3, we will start to see the impact of our divestiture which depending on seasonality will reduced reported net sales by roughly 4 to 5 percentage points in Q3 and Q4. And four, currency translation has been more negative than we anticipated, though this pressure should moderate a bit in the second half as we start lapping last year's U.S. dollar appreciation. To wrap it all up and we are up 1.3% year-on-year on an organic basis through the first half, which should give you confidence in our full-year forecast for net sales growth of 1% to 2% both on a currency neutral basis and on an organic basis. Now let's turn to our gross profit margin on Slide 10. As we have communicated previously, we expect our gross margin to decrease year-on-year in 2019 but for this decline to moderate as the year goes on. That's what happened in Q2 when our gross margin decline moderated from Q1's decline. Let's look at each of the three buckets, we've been using to explain this margin pressure. The first is mechanical. About 40 basis points of this decline was simply the mechanical impact of consolidating Multipro for one month in the quarter in April, in which we were not yet lapping the consolidation last year. As we get into the second half, our divestiture provides a small positive benefit. The next bucket is what we call growth related. As in recent quarters, this bucket was negative year-over-year. Once again, most of the growth-related impact in quarter two was related to the mix and cost impact of our shift towards emerging markets and notably toward On the Go pack formats in our North America snacks categories. As you know, we have taken some steps to mitigate this impact such as SKU rationalization and revenue growth management and we did see sequential improvement. But the big results such as centralized packing centers and repatriating some co-pack volume don't begin to yield benefits until the second half. That's why we expect to see less negative impact to this overall growth-related bucket in Q3 and maybe even a positive swing by the fourth quarter. The final bucket is what we call ongoing. As we've discussed previously, we not only have higher input cost inflation in this year, but we also comparing against notably favorable hedges last year, especially in the first half. This too is a pressure that is expected to moderate slightly each quarter. Again, none of this is new news. And we expect continued sequential improvement in gross margin performance. Multipro's negative mechanical impact is behind us and will be replaced by modestly positive mechanical impact of our recent divestiture. The revenue growth management actions that commenced in quarter four 2018 have been fully implemented and actions to restore profit margins on our On the Go pack formats are well underway and input cost inflation gets slightly less negative. Now let's move below the operating profit line turning to Slide 11. As we have discussed previously, we faced some headwinds on these below-the-line items in 2019, particularly in the first half. So that's what we saw again in quarter two. Interest expense, for example, was a modest year-on-year headwind because the year ago quarter did not have a full three months of borrowings for our additional stakes in Nigeria. Other income is down year-on-year as we had indicated because of the impact on pension expense, mainly due to a pension asset base that declined sharply with the financial markets last December. Once again, the biggest year-on-year headwind was on tax rate. Our effective tax rate in Q2 and in Q1 was in line with our full-year guidance of approximately 21%. However, because of a sizable discrete benefit in the year earlier quarters this was a significant drag on EPS in both Q1 and Q2. This becomes less of a headwind in the second half. So again, none of this is new news and it's coming through as anticipated. Before we get into our guidance for the year, let's discuss our recently completed divestiture shown on Slide 12. With the completion of the transaction, we continue to forecast a net negative impact on our full-year 2019 operating profit of about 4% to 5% from the absence of the divested business. As you know, we sold these businesses for $1.3 billion, or roughly $1 billion net of taxes. As previously disclosed, we are using the net proceeds to reduce debt and we recently announced a tender offer for this purpose. This reduces our leverage and enhances our financial flexibility. Though the cost of the tender will largely offset the savings on interest expense this year. More important than how this transaction impacts our 2019 P&L is what it does for our overall growth for our overall growth and margin profile going forward, not only were these lower growth and lower margin businesses for us, but we can now focus more attention and resources on our best categories and brands. So let's move to our 2019 full-year outlook and guidance which is shown on Slide 13. We are making no changes to our full-year guidance for net sales, operating profit and earnings per share and updating our cash flow guidance for the divestiture impact. Let's take a look at each currency-neutral net sales are still expected to be 1% to 2%. Just as we guided last quarter, in effect, the five months of divestiture in the second half offsets the four months multiple acquisition in the first half. Meanwhile organic net sales growth is still forecast to be 1% to 2% as well. Currency neutral adjusted operating profit expectations continue to be in the negative 4% to 5% range as we communicated last quarter because our operating profit finished ahead of our first half outlook. We can now re-balance what had been a back-weighted plan. This includes adding back investment to quarter three that was delayed from the first half as we brought on additional capacity and work through organizational changes and the divestiture and currency neutral adjusted EPS is still expected to be down 10% to 11% with debt redemption costs in Q3 largely offsetting interest savings. So no change to our full-year P&L guidance just increased confidence based on first half performance and clear or visibility on the recently closed divestitures impacts. Slide 14 looks at our cash flow guidance, from a cash flow perspective you may recall that last quarter we told you it was too early to call, given the uncertainties around the timing of our divestiture, the transition services plan and business realignment to address stranded costs. Now with the benefit of the divestiture transaction has been closed. We have increased visibility into cash flow expectations for the full year. From an accounting standpoint $1.3 billion of gross proceeds from the divestiture will show up outside of cash from operating activities, but the taxes paid on those proceeds are in cash from operating activities, that's approximately $260 million. We'll also have the absence of the divested businesses cash flow for the remainder of the year and we will incur upfront cash costs related to the transaction and business realignment and restructuring. The net of all of this is that cash flow in 2019 temporarily dips to about $0.5 billion. The key thing to note is that the outlook for cash flow for our base business has not changed meaningfully. If anything, we are tracking towards the higher end of our previous base outlook range. Thanks to discipline on working capital and prioritization of capital expenditure. At this point, we'll run through each of our businesses. Before I turn it back to Steve, it makes sense for me to go ahead and take you through our performance in AMEA. Our Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa business is shown on Slide 16. AMEA had a particularly strong quarter in addition to one month of Multipro acquisition benefit, the region posted its strongest organic growth in a long time, up nearly 9% year-on-year. Multipro's continued growth had a lot to do with this as it became part of our organic growth in May. This business again posted double-digit growth in the quarter. Even more important for AMEA in the quarter was our Snacks growth led once again by sustained momentum and Pringles. This brand gained share collectively across the region and its net sales increased at a strong double-digit rate, led by growth in the Middle East, North Africa and Turkey sub region as well as in more developed markets like Australia and South Africa. Cereal, sales were up across the region with the exception of Australia where shipment timing resulted in net sales being off slightly, but consumption remained in growth in Australia. Outside of Australia, our cereal net sales growth was broad based with growth in markets ranging from Japan and Korea to India and Southeast Asia. Importantly, in a rising cost environment, our price realization in AMEA was strongly positive in the quarter, reflecting good execution of revenue growth management so we saw good overall momentum in AMEA in the first half and we expect good growth in the second half as well. Let me now turn it back to Steve who will walk you through our other regions.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks Amit. Continuing with our international businesses, let's discuss Europe shown on Slide 17. Europe continued to grow in Q2 its seventh consecutive quarter of year-on-year net sales growth and its growth was fairly broad-based across the region, even despite some developed markets with challenging retailer environments growth was led by momentum in Pringles whose consumption growth remained particularly strong in the U.K. and France benefiting from our Rice Fusion innovation and an effective commercial program around electronic gaming. This growth more than offset modest declines in wholesome snacks and cereal. Wholesome snacks, you'll recall is a business we set out to transform this year following a declining trend, while sales were flat in Q2 they are up year-to-date and innovation is performing well. So we like where this business is heading, particularly around Rice Krispies Squares. In Cereal, we continue to make sequential progress with only a small net sales decline in Q2 and even a return to growth in the key U.K. market. Consumption in that Cereal market and across the region is stabilizing. Europe in Q2 also featured in another key element of our strategy. Growth in emerging markets. We recorded another quarter of double-digit growth in Russia and we continue to expand elsewhere in Central and Eastern Europe. So another solid quarter for Europe. Latin America posted another quarter of net sales growth. As shown on Slide 18, growth in the quarter was led by serial who sales remain strong and was again led by continued momentum in Mexico consumption and share. We continue to execute well in this key market. Our Parati business continues to perform well, despite market softness in Brazil, we gained share in biscuits, and other key categories and we generated strong price realization. We couldn't be more pleased with the synergy progress we're making, both on the selling and the supply chain fronts. Pringles continues to outpace the category in Mexico. However, we saw continued decline in Argentina related to economic and currency weaknesses and some temporary softness in Caribbean, Central America related to economic conditions and a distributor transition, but the brand remains in very good shape in most of the region. Profit was pressured a bit in the quarter by input costs, transactional foreign exchange and investment in capabilities, but we feel good about how this region is performing particularly on the topline. So we expect continued growth in Latin America in the second half. Let's now turn to North America and Slide 19. It's not a small thing that we can show you net sales growth in our biggest region after several quarters in which improvement was masked by DST price adjustments, a product recall and even shipment versus consumption timing. We're past all that and what you're seeing in Q2 is the underlying growth showing through. Some important elements to note about this net sales growth, first, shipments were right in line with consumption this suggest that last quarter's imbalance was really just one of timing. Second, price realization came through price mix was up nearly 3% year-on-year in North America, reflecting a full set of revenue growth management actions we started implementing in late 2018 in order to offset some of the accelerated cost inflation we are experiencing. Third, we grew even though our highly visible cereal business did not. This is true of net sales and consumption in the quarter and shows just how important our growing Snacks and Frozen businesses are to our North American portfolio. And fourth, we're generating growth in our specialty channels. We are competing well in key categories, channels and customers. And there is plenty of opportunity here as we lean into putting our brands in key consumer occasions. North America's profit remained pressured as expected by higher input costs and continued if moderating drag from On the Go pack formats and other mix shifts. However, North America's Q2 sales performance should give you the clearest sign yet that our strategy is working in this key market, just as it is internationally. We've launched better innovation, we've revitalized key brands, and we've executed revenue growth management actions. And we've done all of this amidst a major reorganization and divestiture. Let's discuss each major category in a little more detail. We'll start with Snacks on Slide 20. Once again, we generated strong growth in our five biggest snacks brands, the brands we revitalized with increased investment last year, an innovation that is shaping up to be our biggest launch here in a long time. The U.S. consumption growth is shown on this slide. Cheez-It posted another quarter of double-digit consumption growth. The brand's core SKUs are growing and its on-the-go offerings are growing. A highlight for the brand has been the success of our exciting new platform, Cheez-It Snap'd whose velocities are just as good as the overall brand and showing strong signs of sustained growth. Pop-Tarts is also sustaining its double-digit consumption growth in quarter two. This brand continues to grow its base business paired with a very successful innovation Pop-Tarts Bites, whose velocity is even exceeding that of the overall brand. Rice Krispies Treats returned to double-digit consumption growth aided by core SKUs and new poppers innovation. Added capacity has been a key enabler as we are no longer supply constrained. Pringles continued its growth in consumption, even as it laps strong year ago gains. Growth has been aided by expansion of On the Go pack formats and our new wavy innovation. And RX has surged back into strong double-digit consumption growth restoring its distribution. These aren't just any brands. Collectively, they represent over 60% of our U.S. measured channel consumption for snacks, a figure that goes up to nearly 75% when we exclude our now divested cookies and fruit snacks categories. So clearly, we have our North America snacks business in very good shape. Let's now turn to cereal and Slide 21. As we've discussed previously, our pack-size harmonization was a strategic priority this year for what it does for making our aisle more easily shoppable for enabling us to cross promote our brands and for revenue growth management. We knew it would create some disruption for us in the first half, though for competitive reasons we couldn't talk too much about it publicly, particularly since it involved pulling back on promotional activity. It did impact consumption during the first half. On this slide, you can see how our promotional activity had to be pulled back in Q1 for our Taste-Fun segment brands, which were in the first wave of harmonization. In Q2, their activity stabilized and their consumption improved led by our key Taste-Fun brands, Frosted Flakes and Froot Loops. At the same time during Q2, you can see how we pulled back on promotion behind our Adult and All-family brands. A more recent four-week data show that we are already starting to restore normal activity. The good news is that this is now behind us. As we get into the second half, we have a return to more normal brand building and in-store promotional activity and we like our plans. Frosted Flakes gets a new media campaign at the Special K. Honey Smacks re-launches with new food and new Pop-Tarts cereal gets expanded distribution. And we are relaunching Kashi Go and continuing to support Raisin brand. So we expect to see the declines in net sales moderate for North America cereal in the second half. And we will finish with frozen foods on Slide 22. This business posted solid net sales growth in Q2 led by our veggie foods business. MorningStar Farms grew consumption in measured channels despite lapping a notably strong year ago performance, while also continuing to expand in unmeasured specialty channels. In Q2, we accelerated growth on our Chick and breakfast meat portfolio supported by increased media. This year's innovation, including the first ever Vegan Cheezeburger, as well as mini Corn Dogs and popcorn chicken offerings demonstrate how we are extending into more consumer occasions, from center plate options to snacking. We fully understand the opportunities and dynamics emerging in this category and we are very excited about what we have in the innovation pipeline. Meanwhile, Eggo also grew consumption and net sales in Q2, despite tough comps. Growth in this strong brand has been aided by recent premium launches in French toast, as well as a new high protein offering in waffles called Off the Grid. In specialty channels, our new Confetti Eggo Innovation drove share gains in our K-12 school segment. So we feel good about our frozen business as well and expect to see continued growth in the second half. So let's summarize on Slide 24. We are on strategy, deploy for growth, had us thinking differently, and investing differently. We have today a much different portfolio than we did, even just a couple of years ago, one that is shaped more toward growth. We have revitalized our Snacks brands and we continue to expand in rapidly growing emerging markets. We are doing what we said we would do. We're also on plan. Let me re-emphasize the point I made earlier. The deploy for growth and the investments behind it were intended to bring us back into organic net sales growth. As you can see on this slide, it's clearly working. We're seeing a return to organic growth in each of our four regions. And the profit and cash flow will follow. Our top line is back in growth. We have realized price. We are addressing costs that have weighed down our gross profit margin and we expect to see continued sequential improvement in that key metric. We are now lapping the strong ramp-up of investments that started in late 2017 and we are so important for revitalizing key brands and enhancing capabilities. We'll have a divestiture impact that will mask some of this improvement but our underlying profit performance will improve. And with this improvement will come higher operating cash flow and return on invested capital. We are also strengthening our balance sheet by using the divestiture proceeds to reduce debt. In closing, I want to be sure to thank and praise our employees. It has been a period of incredibly heavy lifting and their expertise, hard work, passion and creativity, are what is turning around this great company. And with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Could you just touch on how conservative you think your full year guidance might be? You mentioned obviously that it was - your first half was ahead of expectations. But you also touched on some spending shifts. How should we think about - are you airing on the conservative side in the second half? And also what if anything - are you factoring in for your assumptions on something like Brexit?
Steve Cahillane: I would not characterize our guidance for the back half of the year as conservative. I would characterize it as prudent. And it was always back weighted if you'll recall. So there is a significant shift in our profile from the first half to the second half. What gives us confidence is the return to organic net sales growth across all four regions and the fact that the investments that we put in place are working. We did have a lot of disruption in the first half that we were anticipating. So if you think about what we've achieved despite a divestiture, despite a major reorganization in both Europe and North America, we are very proud and pleased with the performance of our people. But it gives us the ability to look at the second half and some of the investments that we didn't put in Q2, we are putting into Q3 to sustain the momentum but we believe it gives us a very good chance to achieve exactly what we said we would achieve but I wouldn't characterize it as conservative, I would say it's straight down the middle. Then in terms of Brexit, obviously Brexit is - it's still out there. We can't predict any better than anybody else exactly what will happen. There is a new Prime Minister, who seems very committed to Brexit and we continue to make the type of contingency plans that we've talked to in the past, but nothing new to report on that matter.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Ramey with Pivotal Research Group. Please go ahead.
Tim Ramey: I know the debt will be going down as a result of the divestiture but have you modeled what that should do to debt to adjusted EBITDA?
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think you know, firstly a couple of comments on that. One is the tender - so from a 2019 standpoint, the tender costs will offset the interest savings. So from a P&L standpoint we expect it to be net neutral. I think from a debt-to-EBITDA level, it will get us in the four range.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: It's Tom Palmer on for Ken. Thanks for the question. You had a sizable step-up in price mix this quarter versus last quarter, it didn't really seem to translate in full to the gross margin line as much as the magnitude of the step-up might have suggested. Why was this and should we expect a clear flow-through of this pricing to the margin line, as we progressed through the year?
Steve Cahillane: I'll start and then Amit can build on it. We are still - the things that we've talked about in the past in terms of input costs and a strong inflationary environment, as well as mix continue to be the issues that we're facing. And as we've talked, we're going to see sequential improvement as we go throughout the quarters with the best performance in gross margin being in the fourth quarter and then entering into 2020. And so that hasn't really changed all that much we've had to shift some of our CapEx investments into capacity and away from On the Go, just as we stay agile and pivot based on strong demand and things like Rice Krispies Treats and Cheez-It and so forth to make sure we have the right levels of capacity. But you will see - continue to see sequential improvement in the gross margin as we've discussed as we - as we get into the back half of this year and into 2020.
Amit Banati: No I think Steve you've covered it. I think the mechanical impact as I mentioned in my prepared remarks will turn favorable as we get into the back half, so that drag goes away. And then I think you know some of the actions we will have better comps versus a year ago and then some of the actions on the On the Go formats, such as the repacking centers, et cetera will come into play in the second half. So I think the combination of all of that will result in an improving trend in gross margins as we go through the year.
Tom Palmer: And just to follow up on that and thank you for the color. A quarter ago you said you expected to exit the year with year-over-year gross margin growth. Is that still the case?
Amit Banati: Yes, I think that would still be our expectation. I think you know; we remain on track with our major initiatives.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: As you look at the - the cereal promotional activity for your business obviously it was up and down and down during most of the first half. I'm just curious to know your expectations for the category. And if the category needs to improve or do you expect the improvement to come from, say, market share gains, get back like a normal operating environment for your business.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks for the question, Chris. Clearly, we did an awful lot in the price package harmonization efforts in the first half of this year, a very consequential redo of our price package architecture. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we couldn't really talk too much about this and tip our hand in terms of, you're not going to go public and say, we're going to stop promoting. The category is currently running at about minus 1%. I think that's a reasonable forecast. We have been losing share as we've gone through this price package harmonization because of our significant pullback on promotions as we went through it. We are not in the shared donation business. So we would expect to be back exactly where we would like to be, which is at a minimum growing with the category or staying right at the category at a minimum. But what I would tell you is just to kind of re-emphasize, despite the challenges and headwinds in the U.S. cereal, the fact that North America was able to post a solid 1% growth despite this, we're very proud of the team and what they've gone through and what they did to deliver that type of result. And I think it really again shows the strength of the Snacks portfolio, the Frozen portfolio, the Specialty portfolio and the different balance they were achieving in North America and indeed around the world.
Chris Growe: Thank I just had one other question. You've talked about pushing some investment into the second half of the year, we had modeled some in the first quarter, they have kind of got pushed to the second quarter, it sounds like some of that is getting pushed to the third quarter now. Do you have any frame of reference for how big that might be? And I guess really where that's focused as we have lots of interest.
Steve Cahillane: Not really a frame of reference, but I think the focus would be on Q3 because it's about what we've heard from the first half of this year into the second half. We've got really good momentum in the top line. We definitely plan on sustaining that. So from a brand building standpoint, we'll be looking at the third quarter as a good opportunity to take some of that shift from the first half of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: I had a question about the transition services guidance here and how it continues into 2020. Amit, does that mean that you're getting TSA income in 2020 and that will continue, or does that phase out eventually in 2020 and create more dilution in 2020? I'm trying to - I know we have dilution this year. I'm just trying to figure out how much to expect in next year and how it relates to that transition services?
Amit Banati: Yes, so as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we forecasted a negative 4 to 5 full year OP impact, operating profit impact, as a result of not having the divested brand profits for 5 months. This impact may seem a little high but remember this was a very well-integrated business and much of the indirect expense stays with us during the initial transition period, before we can start reducing that trade. We're not going to give guidance on 2020. There will be an impact, neck in 2020. But we are working through that as we finalize the TSA agreements.
Robert Moskow: One quick follow-up. Promotional spending on cereal, you say you want to put it back to normal, will that put any pressure on your margins in the second half?
Steve Cahillane: No, I wouldn't expect that puts pressure on our margins. There is a lot of noise in the first half because again it was such a consequential redo of our price package architecture. But you can think about us getting back to normal competitive levels and obviously for competitive reasons, we're not going to get into great detail around exactly what we're going to do.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Real quick housekeeping, I missed your answer to how much income you're generating on TSAs per Rob's question?
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think - like we said for this year, right, the overall impact would be 4 to 5 on operating profit dilution of 4 to 5 and that includes whatever benefits we're getting from the TSA this year.
Steve Cahillane: Which are very small.
Jason English: Okay, so they're negligible. The TSAs are negligible. All right. And going back to another question in terms of the cadence of investment, I know last year was framed as an investment year, this year was framed again it's an investment year to get the top line working. Congrats on getting the top line working by the way, it's great to see the sequential improvement and building momentum there. I just, it's unclear to me where the investments are, with SG&A coming in substantially lower than last year and the same thing last year we had SG&A coming in light. What's driving the SG&A efficiency? What's happening with your brand marketing expense and where is this investment going into?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks, Jason. I'd say a couple of things. First, we are lapping a significant step up that started in the back half of 2017. And as I've said in the past, we feel pretty good about where we are from a brand building investment as a percentage of sales and will remain agile and we'll do the things necessary to put the right level of pressure behind the brands, but remember we're lapping a significant double-digit increase from two years ago and so that's got something to do with the SG&A efficiencies. We've also got a reorganization that's coming through. We've got overall really good zero overhead growth practices and good strict, we've good disciplines around overall cost. And so that's driving good SG&A efficiency. And as I said, some of it is deferred into the third quarter as well, but if the question is do you have enough brand building and how do you like where you're at. I think we can point to our organic sales growth in all four regions and say that doesn't happen by accident, obviously it happen because we put the right capabilities in place, we put good pressure against good commercial ideas in place and you're seeing the type of results flow through on Cheez-It on Pop-Tarts on Pringles and RXBAR and so we'll continue in that vein.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Grande with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Laurent Grande: Well just to pursue a bit on the last question, so you had actually in your prepared remarks the momentum building for brands like Pringles, Cheez-It and some others. What are the key drivers of that momentum in your view? I mean is it execution, more marketing, did you gain in penetration or repeat purchase? I'd like to understand this better to better assess the sustainability of that momentum. Please. Thank you.
Steve Cahillane: I would say it's all of the marketing mix coming together in a really meaningful way underpinned by excellent execution. So if you take a couple of examples of that. Pringles in Europe, we are lapping the World Cup from two years ago, it would take a very good commercial idea to make that come to life and they came out with Rice Fusion as an innovation and gaming as a commercial idea and executed incredibly well and lapped growth, on growth and talking about lapping strong double-digit growth. Cheez-It in the United States. You have Snap'd as a terrific innovation backed with very good commercial ideas coming through and you know and it's the right brand building that supporting those brands as well as innovation and then the On-the-Go offerings, which we always said, we're very under-indexed in, so it's targeting new channels in new occasions with the right commercial idea is the right innovation all bolstered by strong execution. And so, we've done that in a lot of our portfolio and much of it is showing through in all 4 regions. We recognize, we still have work to do. The number one item under construction is U.S. Cereal, but we're taking a meaningful and purposeful approach to that through the price package architecture and approaching it the same way that we've approached all those other big brands that I just mentioned.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson: So just quick question on trajectory of the North America organic sales growth into the back half. I guess, obviously, while we appreciate the result in Q2 was great, right year-over-year. I think we do need to note that the year-ago compare was obviously materially, a little bit easier in Q2 relative to Q1. So as we get into Q3, right. If you have a little bit more brand support, maybe a little bit more innovations being pushed are kind of back on track in Cereal, so to speak. Like is the - should we all be thinking that this kind of 1% or low-single digit positive growth trajectory should continue into the back half in North America or should we also be taking under consideration just kind of what the compares are relative to Q2. And that's it.
Steve Cahillane: We're not going to give any guidance on the regions. And I would just re-emphasize that we have a lot of confidence in our 1% to 2% reaffirming that top line guidance, we feel very good about the North American business, what's happening in Snacks, what's happening in Frozen, the RTEC we're past the big disruptions in the first half. And so we feel confident that the North American team is delivering and feel very confident that they'll continue to deliver.
Operator: The next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Just two questions, I guess relative to cash flow. One is just the base business outlook for this year is now at the high end. So $1 billion and I know there's a lot of sort of transient issues that will knock that down for this year, but is that $1 billion still a decent sort of baseline that we should think about as we're looking forward. And I guess, second to that, just I don't know if I saw it or not, but just how CapEx changes now with the divestitures?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So I think. I think that the $1 billion, is a good baseline and going forward, and I think on CapEx you that we do the ongoing prioritization of CapEx that you would expect us to do, I think, Steve mentioned, we think good demand in some of our, in some of our areas, and so we are prioritizing capacity to service the demand, but nothing, nothing really significant in change from a CapEx standpoint.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Strycula with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Strycula: So question on two of your larger acquisitions from the past 2 years in Multipro and Parati. How do we think about what Multipro is growing and it was only a month of inclusion organic sales calculus, but it appears like that must be growing at least 20% percent right now? And then what is really the strategy for growing Multipro and Parati in the respective markets that would be helpful.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, I'll start and turn it over to Amit who obviously is close to Multipro as you can get. We're not strip out guidance or our results on those, but we're talking about strong double-digit growth. And what it really unlocks the similarity between Parati and Multipro is, it really gives us access to a broad based distribution with affordable locally relevant foods that resonate with the consumers there allowing us to build our portfolio on top of that. So that's the similarities between those two. And the other similarities are both outstanding countries to be in Nigeria, with 200 million consumers growing middle class, vibrant economy and Brazil obviously also a very, very attractive emerging markets. So we like both of those acquisitions. We think both acquisition - we don't think we are confident in both acquisitions; we'll continue to do well. They have done well. I don't know if there's anything you want to add?
Amit Banati: Yes, just to give you a little bit more color on Multipro. I think if you kind of step back and look at it at our Africa strategy we decided the top 3 economies in Africa, Nigeria, South Africa and Egypt and we've made investments in all three, that places us really well in terms of the Africa opportunity going forward. So I'd start with that, I think you know within Nigeria which is the largest economy in Africa we've made a number of investments. So Multipro is the distribution arm and the activation arm, we've also made an investment in Dufil, which is a leading food company in Nigeria. It's the number one player in Noodles which is the number one package foods category in that country and we have close to an 80 share in Noodles. We've also set up a joint venture for Cereal and Snacks. We've launched Kellogg range of Snacks. We've put in a new manufacturing facility in Nigeria and that's off to a very strong start. We see a big opportunity on snacks in that market. The Snacks category is still forming and again we are well placed with the distribution that Multipro brings as well as our global snacks portfolio to shape that category in the next decade. So Multipro is one element, a critical element of our overall win in Nigeria and win in Africa strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: I know we're running tight on time. So maybe just quickly Steve, if you could just remind me, because I know you've probably explained it before, just the benefits that you anticipate coming from the cereal pack harmonization, is it top line benefits, is it profitability, is it to the change the relative price points relative to sort of competitors or is it - and is it part of the revenue growth management benefits that you're seeing or is it really completely separate from that. Thanks so much.
Steve Cahillane: I'd tell you a couple of things. It's really, it's starting with the consumer-first approach and aisle shopability and shelf shopability. Prior to the transformation, we had a very large number of different sized SKUs could not ship on the same pallets, could not display on the same pallets and looked awkward on the shelf next to each other. So, it allows for cross brand promotion, allows for better shopability. Yes, there is a benefit in the factories obviously, when you take out complexity in the number of SKUs, clearly that's in there. So there is a lot of meaningful benefits that accrue to the moves that we've made, but it really starts with the consumer first approach to making our brands simpler to shop. Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: And that question will come from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Baumgartner: Good morning, thanks for fitting me in. I wanted to come back to price mix and promotion in North America. I understand the moving parts around the cereal business but promo levels are also down across pretty much all the main categories in the portfolio and that's kind of in the trend for the past year or so. So how much of that movement in promo outside of cereal should we consider as kind of the new normal, given the revenue management activities, versus I guess how much of it is just still more kind of programming and timing related?
Steve Cahillane: I think you probably should think about a lot of it being timing related. I wouldn't point to any meaningful change in the competitive landscape in North America in any of our categories. We are happy that we're seeing stronger base sales that's coming from the brand-building investments to good innovations, the momentum in the brands, and we have a brand - a number of brands that are growing double-digits, obviously the retailers happy with that, consumers happy with that, we're happy with that allowing for that base business to continue to grow. But I wouldn't point to any significant change in the competitive landscape. We're just, we're feeling very good about where our brands are relative to the momentum, particularly in Snacks and Frozen and a clear understanding, a very clear-eyed understanding of what we need to do in U.S. cereal to get to a better place as well.
John Baumgartner: And then Steve, just on that the positive 3% price mix in North America for Q2, can you give any clarity there on how that splits out between price and mix? I mean is the mix a tangible benefit at this point in time?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, I think we're just looking that up. I think it's across, it's across price mix pretty even.
Amit Banati: Fairly balanced between price and mix.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session and the conference has also now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Please limit yourself to one question during the Q&A session. Thank you. Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, Gary. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our first quarter 2019 results and update of our full year 2019 outlook. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Fareed Khan, our Chief Financial Officer who has announced that he will be leaving Kellogg this summer. Therefore we are also joined by Amit Banati who is on the call not only as our current President of AMEA, but also as our incoming CFO. Slide number three shows our usual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to this third slide of the presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, May 9th. The call will also be available via webcast which will be archived for at least 90 days. As always when referring to our results and outlook, we will be referring to them on a currency-neutral adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. And now I'll turn it over to Steve.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks John and good morning everyone. I think it's appropriate to start the call with our news of a transition in our Chief Financial Officer role. As you saw in our press release, Fareed will be leaving the company following the completion of our second quarter. Fareed has contributed mightily to the completion of Project K and to the creation and launch of our Deploy for Growth strategy. He has shown a real passion for growing our business and he's been a valued partner to me and to our entire executive committee. So, thank you Fareed for your service. We are fortunate to be able to name a fellow executive committee member Amit Banati to succeed Fareed. Most of you already know Amit who has been a driving force behind the transformation of our Asia-Pacific, Middle East, and Africa business. Not only does he have AMEA on track to more than double in size during his tenure, but he's diversified its portfolio, improved the margins of the base, and posted consistently solid results. What you may not know about Amit is that he earned his finance stripes early in his career which makes him a particularly effective and financially-oriented general manager. Because these two gentlemen have worked together for the past couple of years and because Fareed is staying on to ensure a smooth transition, you can be confident that this transition will be orderly and will cause no disruption to our plans, our results, or our transparency with investors. You'll hear from both of them momentarily. Turning to the quarter, I would describe our Q1 as on strategy and on plan. During the quarter, we took further decisive actions under our Deploy for Growth strategy. Some of these are listed on slide number six. For instance, we continued to shape a growth portfolio reaching an agreement to sell cookies, fruit snacks, pie crusts, and ice cream cones to Ferrero. While it's never easy to depart with solid brands and talented employees, we feel good that they are all going to a quality company. And for us, this divestiture will focus our portfolio on our biggest snacking categories and brands and improve our financial flexibility through a better margin mix and reduced debt. We reached an agreement expediently and will likely record a small gain on the sale. So, a very good outcome. Importantly, we continued to expand our emerging markets presence. Focusing on affordability and occasions, we have broadened our product line both in foods and packaging. And recognizing the critical importance of distribution in these markets, we have bolstered our go-to-market capabilities and reach. As a result, our emerging markets had another strong quarter of organic net sales growth and that does not even yet include the double-digit growth of our Nigerian distributor, Multipro. We also continued to invest in capabilities and processes. As you know we recognized our North America -- we reorganized our North America structure for a flatter, more nimble organization. As our new ways of working get refined, we should see greater agility and focus. We realigned global resources around key commercial priorities and we invested money and resources into areas like digital and e-commerce. All of this requires investments upfront, but will enhance our competitiveness. We're also on plan as described on slide number seven. Last year we invested in revitalizing key brands, we adjusted their positioning and their messaging, we ramped up their brand support and commercial execution, and it's working. Brands like the ones listed here did swing into growth or accelerate in 2018. This continued in 2019 with moderated investment behind these now revitalized brands all according to plan. We spent the last couple of years enhancing our innovation capabilities and rebuilding a pipeline. In Q1, we launched a significantly greater quantity and quality of innovation than we have in years. Its early days, but as we'll discuss in a moment, these innovations are off to good starts. We also invested in pack formats such as retail-ready cases, harmonized pack sizes in cereal and On the Go and affordability offerings around the world, just as we said we would. Also as we previously communicated, we implemented revenue growth management actions in the marketplace, across the globe and across our portfolio. Some of these actions started in late Q4, and some of them were implemented during Q1. Our international regions are showing solidly positive price realization already, while North America is just getting going but turned positive already. As a company, we returned to organic growth in net sales in Q1, and this was despite some headwinds in North America. As we'll discuss in a moment, our recall of certain RXBARs required inventory write-offs at our customers, pressuring net sales and profit. And we saw timing differences between shipments and consumption in certain categories, notably U.S. Cereal. But behind these headwinds was good growth on core brands in North America, and our international regions continued to grow strongly. So we come out of Q1 on track for our first half and full year earnings estimates. And our full year guidance does not change either, safe for layering on the impact of our already announced divestiture. So we're on strategy and on plan. Now, let me turn it over to Fareed, who will take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Fareed Khan: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying how much I've enjoyed my time at Kellogg and in working with all of you. And I can assure you that you're in very good hands with Amit, and he will continue to drive Kellogg in the right direction. Now to our results: Our Q1 results are summarized on slide number 9. Let's first recall how we indicated 2019 would play out. We said that organic net sales growth would improve gradually as we revitalize brands, sustain momentum, as price realization improves and as Multipro anniversaries and contributes to organic growth in the second half. We said gross margin will be down in the first half, owing to a tougher input cost comparisons and the fact that our On the Go price format margins remain a year-on-year negative until major corrective actions kick in during the second half. The result would be year-on-year decreases in operating profit during the first half, returning to growth in the second half. And we noted particularly difficult year-on-year comparisons for tax rate during the first half, further adding to its first half/second half disparity on EPS. Q1 played out according to the script. Net sales grew year-over-year, including on an organic basis. Operating profit declined as we said it would because of higher input and mix-related costs. It actually came in a little ahead of our expectations in part because of some investment that we delayed. EPS was where we said it would be largely because of the below-the-line items we had discussed previously. This EPS was ahead of our expectations, though much of this was timing and effectively comes right out of Q2. Our cash flow came down with a lower net income as well as the timing of tax payments and capital expenditures within the year. However, Q1 is a seasonally light quarter for cash flow. And it's important to note that cash flow in Q1 came in higher than we expected. Overall, these results put us right on track for the first half and full year guidance we gave back in February. Let's go into a little bit more detail. Let's start at the top of the P&L with net sales growth in slide number 10. Obviously, much of our reported net sales growth came from the consolidation of Multipro into our results. This will anniversary in early May and Multipro's net sales will start contributing to our organic growth. A good portion of this was offset in Q1 by a particularly adverse currency translation due to a strong dollar year-on-year. Dollar, as you know, began strengthening in Q3 last year and even strengthened further in Q1. Importantly, we returned to net sales growth on an organic basis. Volume was down slightly year-on-year, owing mainly to shipment timing in U.S. Cereal. Our price mix turned positive in Q1 as a result of revenue growth management actions we've been taking since late Q4. Every region posted positive price mix, and KNA's modest price realization would have been higher if it were not for the write-offs of trade inventory related to the RX recall. So slower start because of the RXBAR recall and the cereal trade inventory decrease, both of which should be Q1-specific events, both these events, you can clearly see, we are back on the road to steady organic growth. And our consumption trends confirm this. Now let's turn to our gross profit margin on slide number 11. As expected, our gross margin declined year-on-year. Let's look at each of the three buckets we've been using to explain this margin pressure. The first is mechanical. About 110 basis points of this decline was simply the mechanical impact of consolidating Multipro, which was not in our P&L in the year ago quarter. We will have one more month of this mechanical impact in April, after which Multipro will have a much smaller mix-related impact. The next bucket is what we call growth related. As in recent quarters, this bucket was negative year-over-year. One driver was the RXBAR recall, which is now behind us. But most of the growth related impact in Q1 was related to the mix and cost impact of our shift towards emerging markets and notably towards On the Go pack formats in our North American snacks categories. We've talked about this in recent quarters, and you'll recall that our strategy of pursuing single serve led to an aggressive increase in On the Go SKUs, along with an acceleration of demand for these products. And this resulted in sizable extra costs for redeployment, co-packing and even repacking. We have taken steps to mitigate this impact such as SKU rationalization and revenue growth management. But the big resolves such as centralized packing centers and repatriating some co-pack volume don't kick in until the second half. The good news is that the impact in Q1 was as expected, and we expect to see less and less impact as the year progresses. The final bucket is what we call ongoing. As we've discussed previously, this turned negative this quarter because of input cost inflation and the comparisons with last year. While exchange-traded commodities have largely moved sideways in recent months, many of our very favorable edges from last year have rolled over and we're experiencing accelerated inflation fuel in various non-exchange-traded inputs. In Q1, we also faced our toughest comparison of the year, as the year ago quarter was the one quarter in which our COGS rate was not inflationary. This was all anticipated when we spoke to you back in February. The good news is that, we remain confident in our gross margin that will get less and less negative as it grows -- as the year goes on. And remember this will be driven by revenue growth management actions, many of which were implemented during Q1; efforts to restore margins on On-the-Go items which will have a larger positive impact in the second half; and easier comparisons for ongoing input costs in the second half. As we make our way to EPS, it's important to remember some of the drivers below operating profit. Some of these are shown on slide number 12 and selected to remind you that there'll be earnings headwinds in the year. The biggest headwind for us was tax rate. Our effective tax in Q1 came in at 20.5%, right in line with our full year guidance of approximately 21%. However, because of a sizable discrete benefit in the year earlier quarter, this was a significant drag on EPS growth in Q1, as we had forewarned. We'll face another comparison against the year-on-year -- a year ago discrete benefit in Q2. Interest expense for example, was a $5 million year-on-year headwind because the year ago quarter did not yet have the borrowings for additional stakes in Nigeria. Going forward, the year-on-year increase in interest expense moderates as we lap this Nigerian investment, although the rates are somewhat higher. Other income is down year-on-year as we had indicated because of the impact on pension expense of higher interest rates and a pension asset base that declined sharply with the financial markets last December. This will continue to be a drag all year. Before we get into our guidance for the year, it's important to discuss the only element of our guidance that's changing our pending divestiture. So let's go to slide number 13. We'll begin by making sure everyone is clear on what we are selling. While we are selling the Keebler brand in the transaction amongst other brands, we are not selling the entire business that we acquired in 2001. We're selling cookies, pie crusts and ice cream cones collectively which was a small portion of that acquisition plus fruit snacks. We are not selling the larger more profitable portion of that Keebler acquisition which is crackers. To give you an idea of the size of the business we are divesting, we've disclosed previously that they generated close to $900 million net sales in 2018 and about $75 million of operating profit including all indirect expenses. As Steve mentioned, we're very pleased that these great brands and the talented employees are going to a company of Ferrero's caliber. Now let's talk about the near-term financial impact of this divestiture. Slide number 14 reviews the details and the financial implications we disclosed in early April when we announced we had the agreement to sell these businesses. We are still anticipating a close of the transaction at the end of July. There's still details to be worked out and we'll know more obviously in the coming months. Of the $1.3 billion sales price, we believe the after-tax net proceeds will be somewhere between $900 million and $1 billion. And our plan is to use all of it to pay down debt. This will enhance our financial flexibility. And all of this was disclosed back in April. So now let's turn to our full year guidance in slide number 15. As we've mentioned, we are right on track for the guidance that we gave a few months ago, so no change to our pre-divestiture guidance. While we won't close on the divested transaction until the end of July, many of you have already adjusted your earnings models for this divestiture using the information we provided on our April 1 announcements. We're making no change to that estimated divestiture impact today. Everything remains on track. We can give you a little bit more detail on this divestiture impact and it's shown on slide number 16. Let's take each metric in turn assuming the transaction closes at the end of July, which means that impacts Q3 and Q4. Pre-divestiture currency-neutral net sales, is expected to be up 3.4% as previously guided. But the divestiture would reduce this outlook by two to three points from losing the divested brands' net sales for the five months or so depending on the closure date. There is no change to our outlook for organic net sales growth of 1% to 2%. Organic by definition, excludes any divestiture impact. And while the absence of this business may improve our organic growth, it's a very slight impact over the next few months. Pre-divestiture currency-neutral adjusted operating profit is expected to be flat per our previous guidance. But the divestiture would trim four to five points from this due to not having the divested brands' profit for five months. This impact may seem large relative to true operating profit of these brands, but remember that much of the indirect expenses stay with us at least during the transition period before we can reduce them ourselves. Pre-divestiture currency-neutral adjusted EPS is expected to be down 5% to 7% which has been our guidance. This divestiture -- the divestiture as we have shared with you last month is expected to be less than 5% dilutive which should bring the EPS decline to something more like 10% to 11%. It's too early to call the impact on cash flow. It will depend on upfront costs related to the transaction, the transition of the businesses to the new owners and any business realignment required after the divestiture. And we'll certainly keep you posted as we gain better visibility on this. These are the impacts for 2019. But let's review the longer-term implications of the divestiture summarized in slide number 17. Longer term, this divestiture should have a positive impact on our long-term growth and return on invested capital. Firstly, these are businesses that have not been resourced as much as many of our other categories and brands and have declined in recent years. Divesting them adds to our underlying growth profile. Similarly, because these businesses collectively generated lower margins than our portfolio average, divesting them adds to our margin profile. There's also a benefit of simplifying our portfolio and our supply chain. We can reduce complexity with this divestiture offering opportunities for efficiencies. We can also better focus resources on our biggest and most profitable brands. And finally, by using the proceeds to pay down debt, we can enhance our financial flexibility. This puts us in a better position to take advantage of higher-return opportunities to invest. So there're some very clear long-term benefits from making this transaction. In summary, we feel good about our financial position coming out of Q1. We're making good progress on top line growth with our biggest brands and our emerging markets leading the way. We're starting to generate the price realization needed to offset cost inflation and we are taking steps to mitigate the margin drag of our On the Go price -- pack formats in the U.S. Our Q1 puts us right on track towards our original pre-divestiture guidance, both for the first half and for the full year. And there's nothing new to our full year guidance, nor to the expected dilution from the divestiture. We're on strategy and on plan. So, with that, I'll turn it back to Steve who will discuss the performance of each of our regions.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, Fareed. Among the many signs that Deploy for Growth is gaining traction is the fact that our improvement in top line performance is broad-based. As shown on slide number 19, each of our four regions is showing undeniable improvement. Yes, North America was still down in Q1, but we've explained the unusual factors that caused that: write-offs related to the RXBAR recall, which is behind us and the shipment timing in U.S. Cereal. Even with these factors, North America is clearly progressing toward a return to growth. And look at the three international regions. Europe accelerated its growth despite some very difficult developed markets. And Latin America and AMEA, home to most of our expanding emerging markets businesses, both sustained the recent accelerated momentum. Let's look at each region in turn. Let's start with North America in slide number 20. We knew Q1 could be challenging, because of everything we were implementing in the quarter. For example, we moved into a completely new North America organizational design at the beginning of the year. Recall that this included the elimination of standalone business units, reshaping in a specific category team supported by total North America sales, supply chain and support functions. This flatter and more focused organization will improve our agility going forward. Another major initiative, we launched the first phase of a pack size harmonization in cereal. This required working down inventories of the previous packs and getting the new ones on shelf. This isn't easy, but it will improve shop-ability in the aisle and our ability to cross-promote brands. And thirdly, we were in the midst of a product recall for RXBARs. You may remember that this was related to a third-party supplier and an ingredient that contained a potentially undeclared peanut allergen. We initiated the recall in December and then added SKUs in Q1, resulting in more write-offs flowing through net sales and delaying our restocking of shelves. The good news is that we made good progress and worked through these headwinds, as well as some trade inventory reduction in cereal delivering only modest declines in net sales and operating profit. Importantly, we launched our largest wave of innovation in several years, the outcome of investing in our capabilities and pipeline. We also implemented various revenue growth management actions that began to restore our positive price realization even in Q1. And we delivered good sales and profit growth in specialty channels and in Canada. Let's take a closer look at each of our major category groupings in North America. We'll start with the biggest, snacks, shown on slide number 21. I mentioned the RXBAR recall. It was an unfortunate event, but we're proactively ensuring quality control with our suppliers. The good news is that RXBARs are back on shelf and the latest four-week data shows ACV back above 70%, where it was prior to the recall and consumption up nearly 30% year-on-year. So this should be behind us. Excluding the recall impact, our North America snack net sales grew at a mid-single-digit rate year-on-year. Driving this strong growth is the momentum we've sustained in our biggest brands. Deploy for Growth has us executing stronger brand building and innovation for these world-class brands, as well as growing our On the Go formats to win occasions. Look at the strong consumption growth rates of these revitalized top five snacks brands. Pop-Tarts returned to growth in the second half of 2018. And in Q1, we launched a new Bites line which is off to a great start. Cheez-It accelerated its growth and its new Snap'd line is off to a good start as well. Rice Krispies Treats continues to grow, augmented by its new Poppers offering and aided by newly added capacity. And Pringles continues to grow even on top of its year ago acceleration with new Wavy also off to a good start. We've talked a lot in recent quarters about how we aim to correct our under-indexing in On the Go offerings, like immediate consumption packs and multi and variety packs of single serve items. The chart here shows that our growth in these pack formats has continued to accelerate, even as we have taken actions to shore up their margins. So our North America snacks has underlying momentum. It's important to note that the top five brands shown in this slide account for more than 60% of our measured channels snacks consumption. So their revitalization and growth is a very important sign that we can grow this business. Now let's talk about cereal shown on slide number 22. We're disappointed by the start we had in North America Cereal. As I mentioned we knew the transition of certain brands to the harmonized pack sizes would create some initial softness particularly as we held off promoting those brands. In fact during the first two weeks of January, our consumption was down 6%, but it was down only about 1% for the rest of the quarter in line with the category during those remaining weeks. While our consumption trend didn't change much overall our shipments definitely lagged in the quarter suggesting a reduction in trade inventory. While sizable and fairly sudden this quarter, it's not uncommon to experience these timing differences. This is probably more related to previous quarter's timing differences, rather than to any new trend. Among our brands, Special K had a very soft quarter. We knew it was lapping strong promotional activity in last year's Q1. It turned out to be the only one of our core six brands to lose share in Q1. And excluding this one brand, our overall consumption was flat and our share increased by 20 basis points. Outside of Special K, our adult-oriented brands gained share, thanks to our efforts to emphasize simple health and other wellness attributes. Corn Flakes had another great quarter. And Raisin Bran and Mini-Wheats also continued to rebound. We launched Happy Inside, a unique cereal that offers the digestive health benefits of having prebiotics, probiotics and fiber all in one great tasting cereal. This will be a gradual launch, but it gives you a glimpse into how we are thinking about next-generation wellness trends. In the Taste/Fun segment, our big Frosted Flakes and Froot Loops brands held share amidst heightened competitive activity, and we launched some promising innovation notably Pop-Tarts Cereal, Strawberry Rice Krispies and Honey Nut Frosted Flakes each of which is off to a good start. We recognize that we have work to do to stabilize our cereal business, but we are making important changes and there are signs of progress. So let's conclude our North America discussion with our frozen foods shown on slide number 23. Frozen net sales were off about 1% year-on-year, but that compares against a year ago quarter in which its growth had accelerated to a strong double-digit growth both in net sales and consumptions. We're pleased that Eggo posted consumption growth in Q1 on top of that strong year earlier gain. We continued to grow our highly successful Thick & Fluffy premium waffle line. We grew our pancake business and we have exciting news with innovation on our core kid offerings. We will look to build on this momentum in Q2 with two exciting launches, a new higher protein offering called Off the Grid and a brand-new Thick & Fluffy French toast line. Morningstar Farms is also lapping very tough comps. Innovation and good commercial execution is growing our business on the chicken-oriented segment. And we have more planned protein news and communication to come. We feel good about our frozen business. So overall North America did run into some headwinds in the first quarter, but the underlying business continues to improve. Let's now talk about Europe shown on slide number 24. Europe's consistent growth continued in Q1 with revenue growth management improving our price realization and good volume growth led by snacks. Pringles had an exceptional quarter. As you can see, we're well past comparing against the disruptions we had in early 2017 with the brand returning to solid growth on top of growth. Driving this growth has been a very effective marketing campaign around gaming as well as the launch of Rice Fusion, a rice-based crisp with Asian-inspired flavors that is exceeding our expectations. We also returned our wholesome snacks business to growth. Transforming this business was a priority for us this year, and we've gotten off to a better start than we anticipated. Driving this turnaround are Special K behind new protein offerings Rice Krispies Squares in the U.K. and the launch of Extra brand granola bars in Russia. We also continue to expand our natural W.K. Kellogg brand into wholesome snacks. Our cereal sales continued to show the moderation of declines we realized in 2018, down only about 1% in Q1. The decrease was isolated in the challenging U.K. and France markets, despite good performance by focused brands like Extra, Crunchy Nut and Krave/Tresor. The good news is that we grew cereal sales virtually everywhere else in the region. An important element of our strategy is expanding our business in the emerging markets of Russia and Central Europe. Russia net sales in Q1 again grew at a strong double-digit rate both in cereal and in snacks. In cereal our consumption in Russia was up over 20%, gaining two points of share aided by the introduction of Extra brand granola. So we're pleased with our start in Europe and our progress on key strategic priorities. We also had another good quarter in Latin America as shown on slide number 25. Growth was again led by Mexico, our biggest market in this region. Mexico cereal consumption growth continued to accelerate as shown on this chart and we continued to gain share behind strong commercial programs effective in-store execution and continued expansion in high-frequency stores. In Brazil, there is no question that the 2016 acquisition of Parati was a game changer for us. This business continues to pose strong net sales, consumption growth and share growth across not only biscuits, but also powder juices and other categories. And it's helping us expand the rest of our portfolio in high-frequency stores. Across the region, Pringles continues to pose strong growth. Argentina is a relatively small market for us overall, but it is an important market for Pringles and the economic and currency situation there certainly was a headwind. But we grew the brand in Latin America despite that, up double-digit outside Argentina. We had some incremental investments in Q1, so the region's profit decline this quarter was only timing related. Latin America remains in a good position to continue to drive growth for the company. Now let me turn it over to Amit for one final review of AMEA. Amit?
Amit Banati: Thanks, Steve. Let me first state how excited I am for the opportunity to succeed Fareed as CFO. Fareed has done a great job and he leaves the company in solid financial condition. It has been a pleasure working with him, and I'm sure all of you have enjoyed working with him as well. I'll be working closely with him, during our transition over the next couple of months. And I look forward to meeting all of you in the coming weeks and months as well. So let's finish our Q1 review with our Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa business shown on slide number 26. As you know, our Middle East, North Africa, and Turkey operations which we call MENAT will move out of Kellogg Europe and into this region. This consolidates all of our Africa businesses under a single leadership, and what an exciting opportunity Africa is for us. Our MENAT business posted double-digit growth in quarter one driven by growth in cereal, biscuits, and noodles. In West Africa, our operations with partner Tolaram continue to expand. Multipro, the West African distributor whose results are consolidated into us continued to grow at a double-digit clip in Q1. And not included in AMEA's net sales or operating profit, but equally exciting is the continued growth of Dufil the noodles manufacturer in West Africa and the very strong growth in our joint ventures that manufacture and market Kellogg's brand of cereals, snacks and noodles. Pringles continued its consistent growth growing at a mid-single-digit rate even before including the year-on-year growth of MENAT. With MENAT's growth our region's Pringles net sales accelerated to a strong double-digit gain across the region in quarter one. The drivers of this growth remain strong commercial execution, geographic expansion and the expansion of more affordable pack sizes. And we should mention Australia the most developed market in this region. Australia's net sales were up in quarter one with good growth in Pringles. And even excluding Pringles, we grew in Australia continuing to show how we can stabilize and grow cereal consumption in a very developed market. So another strong performance by AMEA and with the portfolio and geographic expansion we are doing in a region right with population growth and economic upside AMEA is going to be a growth driver for Kellogg for a very long time. And now, I'll turn it back over to Steve to wrap-up.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. Let me finish with slide number 28. As I said at the outset of this call, we remain on strategy and on plan. During Q1, we continued to take major actions to improve the trajectory of our company from reorganizing our biggest region to shifting resources and enhancing capabilities, from continuing to invest in the revitalization of our biggest brands, to continuing to expand our reach and portfolio in emerging markets. We even took another major step in our efforts to reshape our portfolio with the agreement to divest our cookies, fruit snacks, pie crusts and ice cream cones businesses. We are confident that these great brands and the talented employees that manage them are going to an outstanding new home in Ferrero. And we come out of Q1 on plan. Our top line improved despite some temporary headwinds and we have every reason to believe it will continue to improve. Our profit performance keeps us on track for our full year guidance. This guidance does not change nor does the impact of the pending divestiture, which we disclosed back in early April. Deploy for Growth is working. Our portfolio is being shaped towards growth. Our brands are revitalized. Our capabilities are being enhanced. And we're becoming that much more competitive in the marketplace. As always, I salute our employees for their dedication and hard work to make all this happen, during a period of incredible change. Our people truly are our competitive advantage. And finally, we wish Fareed the very best in all of his next adventures and we welcome Amit to his new role. And with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, good morning, everyone. And thanks for the opportunity. I'd like to focus on SG&A. Significant improvement in SG&A in this quarter despite you saying last quarter you will continue to invest significantly behind your brands. So how should we understand the first quarter performance? Is it just a phasing of marketing investment that has been pushed later in the year? Could you please give us more color here for the quarter and how we should think about SG&A going forward? Thank you.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. And thank you for the question. I'll start and maybe Fareed will build on it. From an SG&A perspective it's important to note a couple of things. First, on a currency neutral basis SG&A was down about 2% year-over-year, so currency did help there. Brand building was also down year-over-year. As you'll recall, we were lapping nearly a $50 million increase that we put into the first quarter of last year. And so we are lapping that. We also delayed some brand building investment, particularly for RX during its recall because you don't want to be advertising against empty shelves, for example and also some capacity-constrained items in snacks and frozen, as well as the SKU changes that we are undertaking in cereal. Overhead increased mainly because of the Multipro consolidation and we continue to invest in capabilities such as RGM e-commerce integrated business planning as well as the RX international expansion. But I close that by saying we feel good about our brand building investment overall again, lapping the big increase from the last quarter pushing some of that into later in the year. And in general, we feel good about our SG&A performance as well as the brand building levels of investment that we have currently and in the plan.
Laurent Grandet: Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you very much. Thank you for your call. This is -- kind of a question on gross margin. I don't think historically you guided gross margin, but obviously the gross margin is a large piece of the year first half second year -- I mean first half, second half, sorry. So as Multipro comes out after April the single serve piece is supposed to keep an eye on things shipped out kind of after Q2. Do we -- should we be expecting a stabilization in the gross margin as we get to the back half? Or is it -- or the other buckets the growth-related bucket could that still potentially pressure the gross margin? And the reason why I ask Steve just to keep it simple is really obviously operating profit is still flat on the guide. You're investing up in the business, which is likely the right thing to be doing. But that gross margin piece, obviously, over a very long period of time much before you arrived has kind of continued to drift down. I just want to make sure the line of sight is that gross margin has actually improved at some point.
Fareed Khan: Yes, it's Fareed. Let me take that Rob. So we expect sequential improvement in gross margin as we go through the year and there are several drivers of that that will come together. Let me just walk you through the main moving parts. The first is that we initiated revenue growth management actions, sort of, Q4 - Q1 and we expect that to flow through as we get into Q2. And there is evidence of that as you see in our price/mix. The second thing is as we go deeper in the year some of the year-over-year cost inflation that we saw starts to lap and that will be less pressure on that sort of ongoing cost inflation bucket that we have. You mentioned the mechanical impact of Multipro. We've got one more month of that in the quarter. And on an ongoing basis, we will see a little bit of emerging markets mix. We've got a much more focused emerging market strategy. We're putting bets on specific markets. But as those businesses build scale we'll see margin improvement over the longer term. And the last thing is single serve and we've always talked about how we can take some short-term things around single serve. We love the growth. We love the market opportunity. It's an under-indexed area for us. But the real fix is to the profit flow-through of that business is going to come from some of the supply chain changes. And as you know we put those initiatives in place. We put CapEx up against those. But that's really going to be a second half impact. So you kind of put all those dynamics together you get a line of sight around an improving gross margin picture as you go through the year and it's sort of a good exit rate.
Rob Dickerson: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. I guess I just want to follow up on Rob's question. I don't think you answered his question on whether or not you would expect gross margins to become stable or up as we progress through the year. I heard you loud and clear on sequential improvement but is this sequential improvement into growth?
Fareed Khan: Yes. I mean margins are going to be improving as we go through the year and we will see some growth come in yes.
Steve Cahillane: You should anticipate us by the end of the year exiting the year with growth in gross margin.
Jason English: Excellent. Thank you very much for that. And then I want to come back to cereal real quick. I appreciate some of the turbulence early on with some of your pack size reconfigurations. As we're looking in the data just like -- which we recognize there's ample imperfections there a lot of your share weakness and frankly some of the category's weakness suggest it could be due to promotional intensity. Promoted sales are down a lot. I suspect that that reflects a slightly more subdued level of merchandising out there. As you work your way through this transition should we expect the promotional intensity or the merchandising intensity behind the category to improve? So do you think-- are you expecting this to be an enabler of not only your market share improvement but hopefully some of the category trend improvement as well?
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Jason what I'd tell you is a couple of things. As we went through this whole transition, we essentially de-prioritized promotions in the first couple of weeks of the year obviously because we were going through this transition. And that's where we saw our steepest drop. You should expect to see a return to what I would call normal in terms of promotion activity and merchandising effectiveness as we continue to go through the transition.
Jason English: And what is the timing there? You mentioned this is first phase. Do we have another phase? So in other words, could this transition -- how long does the net transition span?
Steve Cahillane: Into the middle of the year, and so we've done our adult portfolio. We'll do our kid’s portfolio next -- other way around sorry. We did our kids portfolio first, we'll do our adult portfolio later. And so there’ll be some turbulence but we learned a lot going through the first phase that we'll apply into the second phase.
Jason English: Helpful. Thank you so much guys.
Operator: Excuse me. The next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Fareed Khan: Good morning.
Steve Cahillane: Good morning, Alexia
Alexia Howard: Hi. So, can I stick with this question of pricing dynamics in North America? The -- and it may be to do with the promotional changes calendar that you just described. But the on-shelf pricing is over 3% in on-shelf measured channels in North America across the portfolio, and yet you did only see about 0.2% price/mix improvement in North America. If retail has continued to manage some of these products with faster on-shelf price growth than you're able to realize, how the volume trends improve if you're having to paddle against those higher on-shelf prices? And I guess linked to that just a quick question on cereals, are you seeing any destocking in cereals? We've heard that from other companies as part of the reason that the shipments were behind the takeaway on the cereal side? Thank you.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks for the question Alexia. A couple of things. First I'll tell you, our Q1 price realization in North America was blurred by the RXBAR recall, which was about one full point in pricing. So you’d expect to see something above 1 closer to 1.2 without that. The other thing is in cereal and the rest of the portfolio, we did take pricing in Q4 and Q1. We're expecting that to flow through essentially in Q2. Not much flow through or not as much flow-through in Q1 based on protecting promotions and things that are very standard in terms of you take a price but you have promotional activity booked in the first quarter. So you should see that happening. And the last part of your question. If you look back over time both from a average number of SKUs and ACV weighted distribution there has been virtually no change in cereal for the last several years. And then one additional point in terms of trade inventory, we did see a reduction in trade inventory for cereal, which we're expecting not to be a trend but it looks to be kind of a one-off. So hopefully that answers your question.
Alexia Howard: So in terms of the retailer on the shelf pricing, do you have control over that, or are you aware that that's taking pricing up more quickly, or is that just not a concern?
Steve Cahillane: We do not control retail pricing. We never have. And retailers it's up to themselves. But we have -- you will see us having more price realization flowing through our P&L in the second quarter and beyond.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Steve Cahillane: Hi, good morning.
Fareed Khan: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just wanted to ask a quick question a bit of a follow-on. With SG&A being down in the quarter, as I was just thinking back to some of your commentary from the fourth quarter call, you did have a -- you talked about like a heavier innovation pipeline in the first half of the year. I guess I'm trying to understand, is there more marketing made press to come in the second quarter as part of your investment behind these new products? If I could just add to that, as you make investments in capabilities and that kind of thing and those were heavier expenses second half of last year, and those would theoretically flow through this year, are those more SG&A or cost of goods sold? And where are those investments falling? Are those kind of in line with what you're expecting?
Steve Cahillane: Yeah. I'll start and I'll let Fareed build. We do have good support around some of our innovation launches and we feel very good about that. If you look at just a couple of them Cheez-It Snap'd, Pop-Tarts Bites both over close to 60% ACV distribution with velocities greater than their categories. So the support that we're putting behind them is clearly working. The biggest change in SG&A as I mentioned was pushing out some of the RX spend into later in the year due to the recall. We do continue to invest in capabilities, a lot around RGM, a lot around business planning and that should continue throughout the year. But when we look at our overall brand building levels as I mentioned earlier we feel good that the very significant step-up that we started in 2017 and into 2018 puts it at about the right base level in terms of what we should expect going forward. We want to maintain our agility as we go forward. But we see good support around the investments that we're making in innovation and we're seeing that very successfully in the marketplace.
Fareed Khan: And the only thing I'd add is that investments against the brands, we're taking a very nimble approach. So we can -- we like what we're seeing with the big brands and the in-market performance. And so we can react when RXBAR recall for example and pivot some of that investment. We also have through Project K and through some of the organizational changes that we've talked about in North America savings coming through. And that's what's allowing us to fuel some of the reinvestments the logistics team gave. And I'd also add to that analytics and digital and an international RX expansion as well.
Chris Growe: And so would you expect SG&A to be down? I guess from the statements last year it sounds like it should be down again this year even with some spending being up. Is that correct?
Fareed Khan: Well, I'd put that in the context of our overall guidance and we'll continue to see savings come through. We'll make targeted investments brand building. There's a little bit of phasing there. But I think generally this -- I think first half second half may be pretty close to how we framed the full year before the recall.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. I'm going to try to sneak in two questions. One is when we take a look at second quarter; I think you said that you would shift some of your investment spending out of first and into second. How should we think about earnings and profit growth as a result in the second quarter? Will it be down versus year ago? And then a broader question about spending at the retailers. In your brand building do you include the money that you give to retailers for digital commerce and the omnichannel kind of efforts that they have the advertising on those omnichannel efforts? I understand that the retailers are pushing harder and harder for more resources in that regard. Thanks.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So, as we said in the prepared remarks, Rob, much of the brand building will be shifted into Q2, right? So, you should think about the guidance that we've given in terms of first half, second half as remaining the same. In terms of the way we spend with retailers for competitive reasons, we're not going to get too much into the detail. But retailer data if it's good data, we will engage with them right? And so we are looking always at the ROI of our spend. And if you look at some of the retailers with excellent data and I mean consumer shopper data, you combine that with -- or shopper data combined with our consumer data, one plus one can really equal three. So, I'd look at it as the continued digitization of the opportunity to engage with consumers. And where we can make good investments, we'll make those good investments but it will be our choices.
Fareed Khan: And just to build on sort of the operating profit sort of outlook for the year without getting to specific quarters that whole gross margin conversation that we had I think is very applicable to this topic as well with the caveat of sort of the brand building which is kind of a Q1-Q2 dynamic. But if you go back to that old dialogue about gross margin, that's sort of the similar shape to OP as well.
Robert Moskow: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. Fareed, best of luck to you. Thanks for all your help.
Fareed Khan: Thank you, Ken.
Ken Goldman: And Steve you said Special K had a very soft quarter. I just wanted to pick your brain a little bit on your thoughts on this brand which I think was supposed to be doing much better by now. Was the corporate weakness a little bit of an anomaly, or is it something where you're actually rethinking the strategy that you're applying to it at this point?
Steve Cahillane: Thanks for the question Ken. I wouldn't say we're rethinking the strategy so much. As we were lapping a very, very strong promotion in the quarter -- first quarter of 2018 we decided not to put that level of investment against it. We still have work to do on Special K in the United States. We are learning from some of the successes we've had in Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom around Special K to get that brand to stabilization. But we think about the opportunities in cereal as a total portfolio. And so as if you look at some of the other adult -- I mean consumption on Corn Flakes was up nearly 22% in the quarter, Raisin Bran was up almost 5%, Mini-Wheats was up almost 1%. And so we're making good progress in a number of our big brands. And we still have to fix Special K and we're bound and determined that we will do it. But we have to think about portfolio investments and getting the most out of our cereal business and that includes all of our brands.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey good morning everyone. I'm going to try to just get one clarification and then a question. On other income Fareed, I guess, we're still guiding for it to be down because of the value of the pension assets. But with the markets up as much as they are is there a chance that that will get re-measured at some point and potentially be less of a drag?
Fareed Khan: Yes. Unfortunately we measure once a year and that's the end of Q4 measurement. And those assumptions on the returns stick for the full year and then we'll re-measure it again. So, it's a fixed assumption as we go through. Now, as we re-measure it, that will have a different dynamic.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thanks. And then Steve just a bigger question. There's been a lot of energy around the plant-based meat alternatives recently. We've got a couple of new -- a couple of companies that are really emerging with I guess next-generation products. So, as you look at Morningstar and you evaluate I guess the market opportunities, is there a potential that you'll begin to maybe look to flex more resources there as a way to enter that market as it evolved?
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks Brian. It clearly is an exciting category. It's been much in the news. We're excited about where Morningstar Farms is. As I mentioned on the prepared remarks, we've got a lot happening in chicken, but we see a lot of opportunity to do things beyond that. And for competitive reasons, I wouldn't get much into that except to underscore what you said it's an exciting space. It's a space where we feel like we have the right to win. You've heard us talk about our sales being kind of the original plant-based protein company. We believe that. And so we'll continue to innovate in that space and I would just say watch the space.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Priya Ohri-Gupta with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Q – Priya Ohri-Gupta: Hi thank you so much for the question and Fareed, best of luck. Just a quick question on the debt paydown comments, using the divestiture proceeds. So hoping you could give us some context as to how to think about prioritization in using those proceeds. You do have some maturities later this year. Would those be sort of first and foremost, or would you look to perhaps bring down some of the higher coupon debt that you have to help with interest expense? Thanks.
A – Fareed Khan: Yeah. So many of those factors would go into our thinking, as you know, we've got some maturities that are coming up in the near term. But we would look across the entire profile and make those best choices. I won't give any specific tranches that we would or wouldn't go after. But it's a balanced approach and optimizing both maturities and interest. All that would factor into our decisions.
Q – Priya Ohri-Gupta: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
Q – David Driscoll: Great thank you and good morning.
A – Fareed Khan: Good morning, David.
Q – David Driscoll: Fareed, I want to say thanks for all your help. And Amit welcome to the new job. I wanted to ask a little bit -- again just a clarification on divestitures and then a question about the, On the Go snacks. The divestitures I think you presented information that it's 4% to 5% dilutive this year, but it's just a partial year. But then in another slide the full 12-month dilution stays at just 5%.  I assume this relates to the timing and the use of the proceeds. But can you just clarify here? Just on the surface the numbers are the same even though it's only what five, six months dilutive or -- gone this year whereas a full the full 12 months next year.
A – Fareed Khan: Yeah. So you're right David, its Fareed. So it's more of an impact in 2019. And it's really those dynamics around the -- as the business goes, the costs that stay the transaction support for the buyer for the business and that all factors into it. So, you're right, in terms of the way that's weighted across 2019 and into 2020.
Q – David Driscoll: All right, the follow-up question or the main question is just on the On the Go. Obviously, last year you had a surprise on the margin structure of that business. And I think your comments about gross margins are probably a portion of the answer. But I want to be real specific here. Are you on track for the in-sourcing of these On the Go products? And Steve, I just like you to comment. You've got all these new products in snacks. You've got the size change going on in cereal in North America. And you've got the in-sourcing of all these On the Go products. There's just a lot of complexity. And for me, this is an executional question for the organization. How do you feel about all these things happening? And then specifically, are we on track for the On the Go in-sourcing?
A – Steve Cahillane: Yeah, David Thanks. The short answer to your question yes we are. In Q1 and Q2, it's really about SKU rationalization and revenue growth management. In Q3 and Q4, it's around centralized packing sites getting opened and so therefore repatriating volume inside. And so we are very confident that we have a gross margin path towards this. This is part of it, but an important part of it where I said we exit the year on a path towards gross margin growth. So, the answer to the question is yes. And we continue to see outstanding growth as you saw on one of the slides in those On the Go packs. In terms of overall like the innovation and the complexity and all the things that we're doing we feel very confident about that. And if I just -- I threw out some numbers before but if you look at just the consumption in the United States in Q1 on the big brands that we're investing against and innovating around, Pop-Tarts was up 14%, Cheez-It was up over 12%, Rice Krispies Treats was up 8%, Pringles was up over 4%, and so forth and so on. So, these are the brands that we said we're going to invest in around our Deploy for Growth strategy. These are the brands that have the On the Go pack formats. And these are the brands that have the new big innovations. And it's working. It's working in the marketplace. And therefore we're going to continue to focus on that. And it's not about proliferation. It's about innovating around the big brands, from a pack format but also from an innovation food format. And we feel good about what that's giving us in the marketplace.
Q – David Driscoll: Thanks for all the detail.
A – John Renwick: Operator, I think we only have time for one last question.
Operator: And that question will come from Eric Larson with Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead.
Q – Eric Larson: Yeah. Thank you everyone. And Good luck to you Fareed as well as Amit. Looking forward to working with you now as well. So Steve, it's a follow-up question here that I have. It's again on snack which is really working for you. And you're a bigger snacking company today than you're a cereal company and so this is important. And the goal of changing your DSD was to free up the resources the marketing resources, so that you can invest against the brands. And I think you sort of lapped -- I think mid-part of last year you finally lapped all of that conversion process. So my question is you talked about spending all -- are we still looking at a significant year-over-year increase in let's say your advertising/promotional investment in North America snacks? Are we halfway through that and this year is still. I'm just trying to gauge the great sustainability you've got here of the top line momentum.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Eric. We have fully lapped the DSD transition and that includes the investments that we shifted from DSD capability into brand building. And so, as I said before, we are going to maintain our agility, but we feel like we have the right levels of investment against the right brands. And it's working in the marketplace. It's showing good consumption growth against those brands that I just rattled off and you can look at the same Nielsen numbers we look at when you look at things like conversion of feature and display. We feel good about the way we're executing in the marketplace in a post-DSD world. So fully lapped right levels, more or less of brand building against those brands and good execution in the marketplace and the consumption is showing that it's working.
Eric Larson: Okay, thank you.
John Renwick: Operator, I think that's all we have time for.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to John Renwick for any closing remarks.
John Renwick: Thanks, everyone, for your interest. And I am around all day so give me a call. Thanks.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-07 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Please limit yourself to one question during the Q&A session. Thank you. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Strategy for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our fourth quarter and full year 2018 results. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Fareed Khan, our Chief Financial Officer. Slide number two shows our usual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, February 14th. The call will also be available via webcast which will be archived for at least 90 days. As always, when referring to our results and outlooks we will be referring to them on a currency neutral adjusted basis unless otherwise noted. And now I'll turn it over to Steve and slide number three.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter came in as we had indicated, completing a very important year for Kellogg Company. We launched Deploy for Growth, a strategy that gives us very clear priorities and has resulted very quickly in tangible, often bold actions for pivoting us back to growth. Our portfolio is more shaped toward growth today. We acquired RX in late 2017 and in 2018 we expanded its distribution, doubled its small brand awareness and extended its product line. This is a new growth platform for us. In early 2018, we increased our stakes in our West Africa operations, moving emerging markets up to almost 20% of our Company's sales. Emerging markets will be a growth driver for years to come and in 2018 we accelerated our organic growth in these markets to a high single digit rate. We also invested heavily in our brand and capabilities in 2018. Our brand building investment was increased at a high single digit rate in 2018 and it was invested behind better commercial ideas at higher ROIs. We are not just spending. We are revitalizing brands and even launching some new ones. We also invested in capabilities from e-commerce and digital social marketing to new pack formats to execution in high-frequency stores. All of these are investments in building a long-term foundation for growth. We are seeing progress in the forms of better net sales and consumption performance around the world. This wasn't easy and it wasn't inexpensive. As we've said before, the heaviest lifting, the heaviest investment is when you're trying to reverse a trend. For us this was a multiyear trend in declining organic net sales. Take a look at slide number four. It is the delta between the prior years' sales declines and 2018 stabilization that offers the best indication of how this investment and portfolio shaping is working. Reversing a stubborn trend is incredibly difficult and has required altering our mindset, restructuring our organization, rewiring our processes, rethinking every brand and changing how we think about each channel and reorienting our supply chain. That's why swinging to even flat organic growth is such a good sign. And we're not done yet. Our guidance for 2019 incorporates a plan to continue increasing our investments through the first half. This, on top of some unfavorable cost comparisons with last year, means operating profit will decline in the first half before returning to growth in the second half. This translates into flat operating profit for the year but it drives a solid return to organic net sales growth almost immediately. Further down the P&L, while earnings per share will be down in 2019, they will be down because of lapping 2018's first half tax benefits and because of the accounting impact of weak financial markets last December, not because of anything related to our operating performance. The reason we are willing to continue investing in this turnaround is because we are confident it's working. Slide number five summarizes how we're investing, particularly in the first half. First, we'll continue to reshape our portfolio in 2019. In West Africa, we'll leverage the competitive advantage that our Multipro distributor gives us, growing our presence in cereal, snacks and noodles. We will continue to invest in RX's expansion because it gives us a new growth platform that goes beyond the base bars and possibly even beyond the United States. We are also investing in new brands that fill in white space for us such as in the areas of natural foods and digestive health. We are in the process of divesting our cookies, fruit snacks, pie shells and ice cream cones businesses in order to help us focus resource. The outcome of all these actions is a more focused growth oriented portfolio. Second, we will continue to revitalize brands in 2019. The brands shown on this page all generated improved or growing consumption and share in 2018 as we ramped up investment behind better ideas. This is true revitalization. Look what we've done with Pringles and its flavor stacking campaign in the US and its soccer campaign in Europe. Or with Cheez-It and Rice Krispies Treats both with innovation and single-serve offerings. Eggo now has a stronger premium offering. Kashi cereal is back in growth and Bear Naked has become the number one granola brand in the United States. And brands like Crunchy Nuts and Extra have been revitalized in Europe. Consumers are rediscovering the benefits of cereal brands like Raisin Bran and Mini-Wheats. We've got even bigger plans for these and other brands in 2019. And third, we will continue to enhance capabilities in 2019. We've invested in and improved our innovation capabilities and pipeline, and in 2019 we have our strongest innovation pipeline in years, much of which hit the shelves in January and are off to strong starts. We've also been investing as you know in new pack formats particularly around On the Go offerings that can meet a growing occasion for us and one that we still under-index in our categories. Our e-commerce business is growing and we are developing capabilities to keep up with the growth and set us up for sustainable growth well into the future. We will continue to invest in all of these key strategic capabilities in 2019 because we know they can give us a leg-up in the marketplace. We even have changed our organizational structure to execute these capabilities better than ever. So the first half of 2019 will be a continuation of our investment phase and it will produce further improvement in organic net sales growth and consumption. We will come out of this investment phase with a streamlined and more growth oriented portfolio, a set of revitalized brands both power brands and challenger brands, a stronger innovation pipeline and more competitive capabilities for today's marketplace. By the second half of 2019, you'll start to see investment increases moderate and profit growth return to sustainable levels. Let me now turn it over to Fareed to walk you through what all this means financially. Fareed?
Fareed Khan: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everybody. Q4 results came in largely as we had indicated. We faced our toughest ex-DSD impact comps for the year on our top line and we continued to invest in brands and capabilities, not to mention continued temporary cost inefficiencies on our drive to expand On the Go pack formats and channels as we've discussed on previous calls. Slide six reviews our net sales performance. Two acquisitions accounted for 6 points of growth for the year. These were Multipro, the West Africa distributor we consolidated in May, and RX, which we acquired in October of 2017. Both these businesses continued to grow sales at strong double digit rates right through Q4. And going forward, RX will be fully in our organic results and we will have four months of Multipro in the acquisition line before it too goes into organic results. On an organic basis, our sales were off slightly for the quarter and flat for the full year. This is an important improvement from declines we've experienced in the last few years particularly when considering the absorption of a mechanical negative 1% impact from the DSD exit. Specifically, this is the SKU rationalization and the elimination of the price premium we used to charge for the DSD services. And keep in mind that there was no such -- while there was no such mechanical DSD impact in this year's Q4, we were comparing against strong ex-DSD impact growth performance in 2017's fourth quarter. In fact, as we've pointed out previously, we faced significantly tougher comps across our businesses in the second half than in the first half as we lapped last year's second half acceleration in frozen foods, European Pringles and ex-DSD US Snacks. An element to point out within sales is our price/mix. As you can see, it stabilized in Q4 as we got past the DSD impact and as we executed revenue growth management actions late in the quarter. This total price/mix line should continue to gradually improve going forward. And finally on currency. After a net weakening of the US dollar in the first half, the dollar strengthened meaningfully in the second half, giving us a negative impact for the year. Let's turn to our gross profit margins on slide number seven. Once again, we split our gross margin performance into three buckets because we think this is helpful for understanding and forecasting the various puts and takes. We will start with the biggest bucket on the slide, the year-on-year mechanical impacts. First, as discussed previously, the DSD impact has been running about negative 125 basis points before lapping during Q3. And second, the Multipro impact which started during Q2 was about negative 130 basis points to 140 basis points during each of its full quarters of Q3 and Q4. We've got another full quarter of Multipro impact coming in Q1 of this year and a partial quarter in Q2. So this bucket remains predictable and no surprises. The next bucket is the growth related impact. As you recall, this is the bucket that became a meaningfully negative impact starting in Q2. Driving most of this year-on-year impact were two mix shifts that we've discussed with you previously. First, we saw accelerated growth in our emerging markets businesses, which don't yet have the scale of developed markets and therefore carry lower percent margins at this time. Second is the mix shift toward channels and pack formats, especially On the Go pack formats that we aggressively expanded in 2018 despite extra costs and distribution inefficiencies that this created. Right through Q4, we saw the benefits of this expansion in the form of new distribution, in-store placement that drives acceleration and On the Go consumption growth and in the second half significantly outpacing our snacks categories. This is a new platform for us for growth. This growth related bucket will gradually stabilize over the course of 2019. The mix shift toward emerging markets will persist and that's fine. This growth is not cannibalizing any of our other businesses, and as we grow scale and shift our mix toward more value-added products, we'll improve our emerging markets margins over time. For On the Go and other pack formats, we are already working on reducing inefficiencies and incremental costs. We are adjusting our lineup of SKUs and we are working with co-packers to establish centralized packing centers and we are bringing some of our co-pack volume in-house, but this will take some time. Lastly but very importantly is our bucket of ongoing input costs net of productivity. Throughout the year, our productivity and Project K savings as well as very effective commodity hedges were able to offset the margin impact of higher transportation, packaging and other costs. Looking ahead, cost per freight, packaging and various inputs are projected to remain inflationary, and with very favorable hedges now rolling off this inflation will be even higher for us in 2019 especially in the first half. We managed them well in 2018 and we've executed revenue growth management actions in several countries to help cover it as we progress through 2019. Let's turn to slide eight to round out the rest of the P&L. Operating profit was up slightly in 2018 and down slightly in the fourth quarter because of the growth oriented cost that weighed on gross profit but also because of our increased investments in brands and capabilities. Starting in Q4 2017, we've used the elimination of declining ROI-DSD overhead to fund a ramp-up in brand building investment and investments in capabilities. Brand building alone increased at a high single digit rate in 2018, a sizable dollar investment that's already starting to revitalize key brands as Steve mentioned. Earnings per share increased in 2018 thanks to US tax reform and some discrete one-time benefits, mainly in the first half of the year. Interest expense increased because of debt added to cover our additional stakes in West Africa. Other income declined because of our decision to mitigate future risk by reducing our pensions' expected rate of return. And shares outstanding came down modestly as we had mostly refrained from buybacks during Q1 through Q3 on the heels of our RX and West Africa acquisitions. So in what was truly a year of investment, we grew net sales, operating profit and earnings per share in 2018. And even as we ran into some unexpected costs in the second half, we resisted the temptation to pull back on this investment because our priority was to improve our top line performance and because this investment was working. We will conclude our discussion of 2018 by turning to cash flow on slide number nine. As we had often pointed out, our cash flow is extremely durable. It's held steady first through incremental cash outlays related to Project K and other productivity initiatives, and then in 2018 through increased cash outlays for growth initiatives, mainly in the areas of capacity and technology. We also, you'll recall, made a voluntary cash contribution to our pension funds, increasing their funded levels. And we again improved our core working capital which came down by 50 basis points as a percentage of sales on good payables management. This durability and good working capital management is important as we ramp up capital expenditures further in 2019 around growth oriented investments and more on that in a moment. So let's now turn our attention to 2019, starting with slide number 10. This is the slide we've shared with you on a couple of occasions because it's useful context for how we see our progression financially. In 2018, or really Q4 of 2017, we pivoted from a period of cost reduction focus to a focus on returning to sustainable growth. This requires an investment phase, spanning 2018 and into 2019, in which we shape our portfolio, revitalize our brands and develop and hone capabilities. We are building on a foundation that can produce sustainable profitable growth over time. Slide 11 is yet another slide we shared at Day@K, only updated with some actual figures for 2018 and specific guidance for 2019. It too provides important context. This slide shows a gradual improvement in the balance between net sales and operating profit performance and we are right on track with this plan. As we told you back in November, we expect our organic basis net sales to improve further in 2019, moving into growth, while the increased investment will hold operating profit relatively flat again. As time goes on, our increases in investment moderate, as our top line sustains momentum, moving operating profit back into growth. In fact, this starts as early as the second half of this year. Slide 12 gives you a lot more detail about how we are thinking about our 2019 outlook. It's important to reiterate that our outlook on all of these metrics does not reflect any potential divestiture. That sale process is well under way and we believe we could have a transaction completed sometime in the second quarter. However, until we know the transaction's true shape and size so to speak we won't offer guidance on P&L impacts or cash proceeds at this time. What I can tell is our plan for the proceeds remain to pay down debt for future acquisitions and/or share buybacks. And of course, as with any carve-out of a business or businesses there will be some appropriate business alignment activity. We will keep you posted as the divestiture process progresses. For now, we will discuss our outlook with the assumption that we own these businesses all year. Our net sales growth guidance includes a couple of points from the four incremental months of acquired sales of Multipro which we consolidated in May of last year. It also includes improved organic growth, up 1% to 2% year-on-year led by RX and emerging markets as well as improvements across our portfolio and regions. Recent revenue growth management actions should create a better balance between price/mix and volume growth. Operating profit is flat because of the increased investment both in terms of increased advertising and overhead as well as costs related to our efforts to expand On the Go and other pack formats. The latter will become less of a profit impact as the year goes on as we discussed earlier. Earnings per share will be down year-on-year because of lapping 2018's discrete tax benefits and because of a sharp decline in other income as pension income and other items are negatively affected by last year's downturn in the financial markets, especially in December. As a result, the other income line could be down as much as $60 million to $70 million year-on-year. And we're looking for cash flow to remain even with last year, and this is despite an increase in capital expenditures we invest behind capacity and technology with an emphasis on growth plus the extra months of Multipro. Specifically, capital expenditure will increase by about $50 million year-on-year to roughly $600 million to $630 million range or roughly 4% to 5% of net sales. This is another example of investing now for sustaining growth over the long term. We don't normally give quarterly guidance. But we are facing an unusual shape to our year in 2019 and we want to make sure you understand why. Slide 13 illustrates, without numbers, the basic shape of our likely quarterly phasing for operating profit in 2019 relative to what we saw in 2018. We don't anticipate any big differences in organic sales performance between the first half and the second half as heavier innovation calendar in the first half is balanced with Multipro being in organic sales in the second half. However, we do see two elements creating a lighter operating profit performance in the first half versus the second half: the timing of investment and the timing of cost pressures. First, from an investment standpoint, we do have a heavier innovation launch plan in the first half of 2019 than we did in 2018, including new brands. So our brand building investment increase is much more in the first half as we support these launches. Additionally, many of the investments and capabilities that we launched in Q3 and Q4 of 2018 will continue into the first half of 2019. And second, there are some timing differences in our costs. Our underlying cost inflation will be higher in 2019 as incremental Project K savings in COGS moderate this year and as we roll off some very favorable hedges. In addition, there's much more year-on-year pressure in the first half related to last year's favorability on savings in costs which even contributed to Q1 being by far our biggest profit growth quarter of the year in 2018. We have good productivity management programs in place this year and we've taken revenue growth management actions to improve price realization. But we don't expect to fully cover underlying cost inflation during the first half of the year. And finally, there's a gradual ramp-up on margin improvement actions for our new pack formats as we've discussed. We have a lot of actions under way to reduce the near-term drag on margins on some of our new pack formats and channels including the On the Go items. As I mentioned earlier, some of these actions, many of which will take longer to put in place and probably won't start to have a positive impact until the second half. One more thing to keep in mind, and it's not in our currency neutral guidance, but foreign currency translation is another factor you should consider in the phasing because based on where exchange rates are now you'd expect a much more negative impact on sales and profit in the first half than in the second half. So our net sales aren't back-weighted but our profit is because of how year-over-year comparisons on (ph) our investments, our costs and our margin improvement plans play out this year. From an earnings standpoint -- from an earnings per share standpoint, there's one more timing factor and that's our effective tax rate comparisons that's depicted on slide number 14. We've talked about this before. In 2018, our underlying corporate rate reset lower thanks to US tax reform. That will translate into an ongoing rate for us of close to 21%. However, during 2018 we also realized some discrete tax benefits on top of the US tax reform reduction. Always difficult to predict their timing. Those benefits were particularly pronounced during Q1 and Q2, and this means lapping extremely low tax rates in the first half. So putting it all together, the front-weighted investment and cost pressures and the year-on-year differences in tax rate in Q1 and Q2, we would expect to see a sharp double digit decrease in EPS in the first half with the first quarter down much more than the second. And then we will return to growth in both operating profit and EPS in the second half. So that's a detailed preview of how we see 2019 shaping up financially. It's another investment year, and it does have some timing elements that weigh down earnings early in the year but we like the foundation we are building and you'll see -- and you'll start to see more balanced P&L growth in the second half. So with that, let me turn it back to Steve to walk you through our businesses.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, Fareed. One of the most important signs that Deploy for Growth is working is the fact that Group organic net sales performance in all four of our regions as shown on slide number 15. This means that the investments and changes we are making in reshaping our portfolio, revitalizing key brands and developing capabilities are taking place all over the globe and it's working. It's clearly working in our international businesses. We returned to strong growth in Europe and in Latin America and we accelerated our organic growth in Asia-Pacific. We did this through a combination of stabilizing developed cereal markets, improving the growth of Pringles and expanding other snacks brands and products in tune with local cultures and tastes and more affordable pack formats. As we build up our scale and portfolios in emerging markets, these regions become that much more important to our growth algorithm. And something we are very proud of -- and something we're very proud of are recent acquisitions in promising emerging markets businesses to complement our own. Witness the transformative impacts of our acquisitions in Egypt, our Parati acquisition in Brazil and our investments in West Africa. Our investment and hard work is starting to take hold in North America too. We narrowed our decline in 2018 and very nearly got back to flat if you exclude the roughly 1.5 points of mechanical impact from our mid-2017 exit from DSD. We've got big brands back in growth, we've restored our innovation pipeline and we are reducing complexity through a reorganization and a proposed divestiture. Make no mistake. We are not yet where we need to be. But we are clearly making progress. So let's take a closer look at each of these regions and their underlying businesses. We'll start with North America. In North America Snacks, sales declines moderated in 2018 to only a slight decline excluding the negative DSD impact. And as suggested on slide number 16, there are some very clear signs of progress. The exit from DSD unlocked brand investment for our major brands and also enabled us to extend support to more brands in the portfolio. And the brands that we supported did very well. Pringles accelerated its consumption growth in 2018 as did Cheez-It and Rice Krispies Treats. As we look to 2019, these brands should benefit from our strongest innovation line-up in years, many of which launched in January and are off to a very good starts. Elsewhere in our snacking portfolio, RX sustained its strong momentum as I mentioned earlier and we are excited about the prospects for this business which still has so much runway. We will continue to expand its distribution, brand awareness and product line in 2019 and we will also make further progress on other natural brands like Pure Organic bars and Bear Naked bites. On the slide you can see the sharp acceleration we drove in On the Go offerings, especially in the second half of 2018. We've talked a lot about the extra cost this On the Go expansion added in 2018. But we were willing to absorb these costs temporarily in order to make good on a strategic priority of boosting our offerings for this important occasion. And as you can see, we are driving strong demand and building a platform for growth. Expect to see these pack formats continue to outpace our categories in 2019 even as we take steps to shore up their margins. So snacks is on its way back to sustainable growth and we would expect growth in 2019, excluding any divestitures. Now let's turn to cereal in North America and slide number 17. The overall US cereal category moderated its decline in 2018 as did we. And if you exclude the impact of Honey Smacks whose supply chain disruption kept it off-shelf for most of the second half, we held share in the United States. We also gained share in Canada in 2018. There's also progress behind this results. We know that when food beliefs change, what always brings this category back to stabilization or growth is amplifying its wellness attributes, especially in the adult segment. Kellogg did more of this in 2018 and these efforts were effective in stabilizing key brands like Raisin Bran and Mini-Wheats. Expect more of this wellness emphasis in our innovation and communication in 2019, including the launch of a new brand that plays squarely in digestive health. Meantime, in the Taste/Fun segment, which grew for the category in 2018, we continued to innovate and this resulted in share gains for our key Frosted Flakes and Froot Loops brands. Expect this to continue in 2019 with a strong lineup of new products hitting the shelves now and communication that also taps into the rapidly growing portion of cereal consumption that is out of breakfast for snacking. And we are particularly excited about the progress we've made on Kashi cereals. While we had been performing well in natural channels for some time, Kashi consumption in the ex AOC (ph) measured channels turned positive in 2018 thanks to strong innovation and effective messaging. Innovations like Kashi by Kids and new offerings under the GOLEAN line are gaining traction. As you can see, this turnaround was especially pronounced in the second half. So Kashi carries some good momentum into the New Year and we have great plans for 2019. Meanwhile, we also grew consumption for our rising granola brand, Bear Naked, and we have innovation coming for that brand in 2019 as well. Finally, as we discussed at our Day@K event, we are embarking on an ambitious plan to harmonize pack sizes and make the cereal aisle that much more shoppable. Where we've done this most recently in Europe, we see improved results. This work will be executed across the first half of 2019. We will give you more details on all of these plans at CAGNY. I wouldn't count on growth for North American cereal in 2019 but we will continue to moderate its decline, getting back toward a stable long-term trend. Now let's turn to slide number 18 and our North America frozen foods business. Consumer trends toward convenient meal preparation have had a positive impact on frozen foods categories, and we've raised our game in both of our key frozen brands. Eggo's consumption and share growth accelerated in 2018 on a strong core and the success of our relaunched premium Thick & Fluffy line as well as continued success with Disney-shaped waffles. This was all supported by effective media. Morningstar Farms consumption also accelerated in 2018 as we refocused on our core offerings, renovating our food for even cleaner label and honing our message around plant-based protein. So even though consumption growth moderated in the second half as we lapped 2017's market acceleration, we have some momentum going into 2019. And in 2019, you can expect to see us continue to fuel these great brands with investment in innovation, renovation and brand communication. The results should be another year of growth for frozen foods. Now let's discuss Europe, shown on slide number 19. Europe returned to growth in 2018, led by Pringles whose double digit net sales growth was broad-based with strength in all sub-regions. We ran an extremely successful campaign during the World Cup in the summer and sustained the brand with new pack formats and effective media. The brand grew share in seven of our eight major markets. Clearly, this brand has been revitalized, and in 2019 we will continue to support it with innovation and new commercial initiatives. We've also made good progress on cereal in Europe. Cereal net sales declined only modestly in 2018, cutting in half its 2017 decrease and improving our share performance in key markets across the region. Most notable were our share gains in the difficult UK and France markets. In fact, we grew cereal share in the UK for the first time in several years, a testament to our ability to run our playbook and stabilize highly penetrated cereal categories. We've revitalized Special K in key markets with a new campaign called Powering You. We've rejuvenated brands like Extra and Crunchy Nut in the granola segment and we've launched a new natural brand called W.K Kellogg. We will continue to run this playbook in 2019. I would also point out the success Kellogg Europe has been having in emerging markets. We recorded another year of double digit growth in Russia in 2018, growing share in cereal, salty snacks and biscuits and there's so much opportunity to expand further into markets in adjacent Central Europe in 2019. We also generated strong growth in the Middle East and Northern Africa in 2018, both in cereal and snacks. These businesses will be shifting over to our Asia-Pacific region in 2019. But strong kudos to the Kellogg Europe team for the expansion they have made in this promising region. So Europe enters 2019 in a much stronger position, poised for another year of growth. Now let's turn to Latin America on slide number 20. Latin America had a fantastic 2018. Its net sales bounced back to growth, growing more than 7% on an organic basis. Leading the way was Mexico, which has now recorded 11 consecutive quarters of currency neutral net sales growth. This momentum has been driven by strong execution in cereal which accelerated its consumption growth in 2018, gaining 2 points of share. Across the region, in fact, our cereal sales grew at a mid single digit rate in 2018, an impressive positive swing. Our Snacks net sales in Latin America grew at a similar mid single digit rate. Pringles led the way, with notable gains in Mexico and Caribbean/Central America. And Parati has truly transformed our business in Brazil. Not even a disruptive truckers strike and volatile political climate could take this business off its double digit growth trajectory in 2018. Latin America in 2019 will continue executing its strategy and sustaining its momentum in these key markets. Rounding out our international businesses, let's discuss our Asia-Pacific region shown on slide number 21. Multipro, the distributor portion of our partnership in West Africa, continues to grow at a double digit clip. This business has enormous potential for growth, and we are very pleased with its momentum, its competitive advantage and what it can do for other Kellogg brands in West Africa. But Asia-Pacific in 2018 also accelerated its growth on an organic basis. Specifically, the region's organic net sales growth was 5%, a market acceleration from 2017's growth. This was led by cereal whose broad-based growth accelerated in 2018. Our cereal business held share in a stabilized Australian market, gained share in markets like Japan and Korea and continued to generate double digit net sales growth in emerging markets like India and Southeast Asia. In snacks, Pringles accelerated its net sales growth to almost 6% in 2018 and we continued to expand wholesome snacks across the region with great success in newly launched markets like Korea. As I mentioned, this region is being renamed AMEA to reflect the shift from our European region of our Middle East, North Africa and Turkey businesses. This unites all of our businesses in Africa and the Middle East under one regional management team which offers obvious benefits of scale and resource allocation. We should see continued expansion throughout Africa in 2019, led by Multipro and augmented by expansion of other products such our launch of noodles in South Africa. In Asia, we will drive continued broad-based growth in cereal and Pringles. And in Australia, the region's most developed market, we expect continued stability or even slight growth. So expect another year of good growth in this region in 2019. So allow me to summarize with slide number 22. Deploy for Growth isn't just words on a piece of paper. It is setting clear priorities for us and it is driving us to tangible and often bold actions. We are in an investment phase, but this isn't simply investing to drive near-term growth. This investment is reshaping our portfolio to one that is more focused and more geared toward growth. This is investment in revitalizing brands, from big brands that are being reformulated and repositioned to our own challenger brands that are just building awareness. And this investment is in capabilities from pack formats that can win important consumer occasions to a better process and pipeline of innovation, from more effective digital and social media to getting ahead in e-commerce. We are not apologetic about this investment or the fact it is holding down profit for a couple of more quarters because we know that this investment is building a stronger foundation for future growth, growth that is profitable and growth that is sustainable. And it's working. You saw this in our improved net sales performance in 2018 and our improved consumption trends and the improved ROIs we are realizing on our brand building investment. So good progress in 2018, and more to come in 2019. As always, I'd like to take this opportunity to sincerely thank our employees who are working so hard to make all this happen. And with that, we'd be happy to take any questions that you might have.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you, and good morning.
Steve Cahillane: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll: Actually I want to slip in two questions. One is just a small one on pensions. Fareed, can you walk us through just kind of the mechanical impacts here? You noted the big decline in December. But then as equity markets rebound, it feels like there's no recognition of that. Is it because it gets marked only at the end of the year and you kind of have to live with that through all of '19? And then I have a more substantial follow-up for Steve.
Fareed Khan: You're exactly right, David. It's a point in time calculation. And essentially what it is that the -- the value of the pension assets declines because of the market decline. Our estimates for the return on those assets, while we brought them down in 2017 from 2016 to de-risk the pension, it's still at the same level at 2018. The other factor I'd point you to that plays into this is rising interest rates and then that impacts it as well. So what you have is a pretty significant mark-to-market decline for pensions and that flows through earnings per share. And as I mentioned, that's about a $60 million, $70 million headwind going to next year. But it's all non-cash, it's basically an accounting estimate point in time. And as markets recover, you would see assets come up again. And again, just for those who aren't familiar, so large pension plan -- we've frozen a lot of the key elements. It's very well funded. And we've been making moves to de-risk it with the pension contribution that we made last year.
David Driscoll: And Steve, my little business question is just about the single-serve snack opportunity. It's something like $100 million hit that you took maybe for this investment in 2018, maybe a similar amount in 2019. I'm more interested on what's the size of the price? So your margins are impacted right now but I just don't think that we have a good handle on where the margins for the single-serve businesses can go. And then what's the size of revenues? Or just is there any way that you can dimensionalize why you're putting so much effort into this in terms of a profit opportunity somewhere down the road? Is this going to be worth $300 million, $400 million, $500 million in profits to Kellogg as you really establish the single-serve business? Thank you.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks for the question, David. I think what I would say -- what I would start with is, as we think about occasions and focusing more on occasion-based opportunities, we clearly under-index in On the Go pack formats and On the Go channels, On the Go occasions. And so that's why we initially started to spend a lot more time and focus because it's incremental growth opportunities for us. And as we pointed out last year, obviously it came with some pain in terms of it being margin dilutive and even sometimes almost net no margin, but over time we see a clear path toward margin accretion. And so you should see these pack formats over time, really toward the back half of this year, being margin accretive whereas up to this point they've been margin dilutive. But we see it as a big opportunity because it is highly incremental if not completely incremental. It drives more usage of our brands and therefore more awareness, more brand health and so overall points to a very large opportunity. But up to this point, the Company had just not focused on it. And so we went at it fast and hard last year but we've got good plans in place that we started last year, that continued in this year, that over time, particularly as we get to the back half of this year, we will see these pack sizes, these pack formats and these channels becoming much more accretive whereas in the back half of last year obviously they were more of a hurt.
David Driscoll: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning. So Steve, my question is really around the cost of top line growth. So if you look at 2019 guidance, you're only assuming 1% to 2% organic sales growth that's coming despite two years of investment beginning in 2018, and that's at the low end of your long-term range. So I get your point on the call that it's progress, but it still seems like a pretty muted top line payback relative to a substantial reinvestment versus what we were thinking six months ago. So I guess what gives you confidence that this is enough to drive a top line turnaround to a sustained level in line with your long-term goals and you won't need even more investment beyond 2019 which could basically pressure your ability to hit the long-term profit and EPS algorithm goals in order to get back to that long-term top line goal? Thanks.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah, great. Thank you for the question. I think I'd just reiterate the comment I made in the prepared remarks around it's really the delta between a mid single digit decline getting back toward growth. And so it is a difficult thing to do. You see a lot of companies try and not really be able to revitalize brands and turn what are longer-term declines into growth. And so we are very encouraged by what we've seen in terms of the delta disappearing and getting back to flat. And we are confident that we've got the right plan in place in 2019. The other thing I would tell you in terms of the investments that we're making, particularly in the first half of this year, we're very confident because a lot of it is based on new exciting innovation that we are bringing into the marketplace. If you go into the market right now you'll see big exciting things like Cheez-It Snap'd, Rice Krispies Treats, Poppers, Pringles Wavys, Pop-Tarts Bites, all off to good starts, all supported -- and these are big brands that already have obviously powerful equities. And so you invest behind those with new food formats and fun and exciting commercial ideas that have good returns. In cereal, we launched Pop-Tarts Cereal, again leveraging a very strong core equity. That's off to a good start. And so the early signs of what we are seeing in terms of our new investments in the beginning of this year gives us encouragement that builds on the excitement we saw last year and bending that trajectory from what was a negative decline into positive. And so I fully appreciate that there's Doubting Thomases and we have to show you -- we have to show investors. But we are running our plan. We are confident in our plan and the number one objective to get back to the longer-term algorithm is getting that top line back to sustainable growth. And we feel like we have the plan in place to make that happen.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. And as you look beyond 2019, just a follow-up, it doesn't sound like there are big areas of reinvestment that you might need beyond 2019 like the -- on the Eggo area this year, because I'm just trying to put it in context. If I go back over a longer period of time, much of which wasn't under your tenure, but if I go back five or six years, we've really seen (inaudible) come down significantly as a percent of sales. So I'm just trying to understand if sort of this 2019 base really gives you what you need going forward or if there could be other big areas of investment beyond 2019.
Steve Cahillane: We feel like we are at a very reasonable level of investment for us going forward. And you'll see us turn our attention ever more to ROIs to getting the most that we possibly can out of the investments that we are making. It's a new world, obviously, with digital, social and so forth. And so that's part of maybe the decline over the years. But we do feel like we are at a good level of investment right now. We took bold moves obviously to get us back to where we are today. And we feel comfortable that we've got the right levels. You'll see us allocate that and reallocate that over time. But in terms of a headline number we feel pretty comfortable we are in a good place.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Larson with Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson: Hey, so good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Just maybe for either -- it's probably Steve. I'm not sure who will answer, but will you take all of your puts and takes on your operating profit margins? When we look out -- and this would be including the mix with Multipro, et cetera -- when we look at 2020 which would I guess would be the year that we should be looking for a more normalized adjusted operating profit margin, what should that margin look like on an apples-to-apples basis?
Steve Cahillane: Yeah, I'll start and leave it over to Fareed. We are not obviously giving -- we gave the 2019 guidance, so I'd be cautious about going all the way to 2020 guidance. But as you think about the way that we've constructed this year and obviously some significant headwinds, many of which are mechanical in the first half of the year and then in the back half of the year we get to something much closely -- which much more closely resembles our aspirational algorithm and so we'd enter 2020 with that kind of tailwind momentum. And so Fareed, I don't know if you want to build on it.
Fareed Khan: Well, I'd say we are still confident in our long-term algorithm that we put out several times. And if you look at the shape of '19, we'll have some detailed kind of outlining where that is and you look at sort of how that year progresses and what that means for our exit rate from 2019 that should give you a bit of confidence as well. The main thing is returning businesses to top line, we've got -- we will have a more focused portfolio. We will have more targeted brand investment. And a lot of this innovation is going to be accretive. We will be addressing some of those single-serve dynamics as we've talked about. And then in the backdrop we still have very strong growth rate consistently in our emerging markets. And then you'll see there as we build scale, as we have more relevant local foods, as we are bringing more value to the market, that that will improve as well. So you get the benefits of scale, you've got some very specific timing things that you can see play out in '19 and then sort of the underlying economics of as -- we build scale in emerging markets. So again, those things together, give us confidence in the algorithm that we put out there.
Eric Larson: Okay, thanks. That's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up question. It was really -- it's related to what David was asking on the pension fund. So when you look back over the -- it has been pretty consistent for the last x number of years, you have been making fairly significant voluntary cash contributions to the pension which has done a pretty good cash usage. Are we getting to a point where the pension fund is funded to the point where those voluntary contributions can actually start receiving a bit? I mean, how should we think about that?
Fareed Khan: Yeah. So we know it's a large pension plan as I've talked about. It's frozen, at least key elements have been frozen both in North America and in Europe. So that help sort of contain the obligations. It's about 91.4% funded, so well-funded. And we've been making contributions toward it. As we made those contributions like we did with some of the cash proceeds we received from US tax reform, we also have changed the asset allocation mix to begin to de-risk it as well and accompanying that was lowering our expected return on assets which started in 2018 and also come into 2019. And so what you'd expect from all of that is you'll get the de-risk plan well-funded, pivot to de-risk the returns. And we unfortunately, just given the timing of December and what the markets were doing there's an accounting EPS impact that will go into next year. But again, that's non-cash, that's point in time. We'll review that as sort of anything will fundamentally shift the quality of the program that we have already.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you. Fareed, I was hoping you could help me bridge the net income to cash flow for 2019 because it -- there's just something missing there and the cash flow seems very low. If you start with adjusted net income of maybe $1.4 billion, even when I take into account higher CapEx spending, it's just hard to get down to the $950 million of free cash flow. And I want to know is there something else in there especially given the fact that you say that working capital should be a source of cash. What else gets us that low, to $950 million?
Fareed Khan: Yeah. I think -- we've got durable cash flow as we talked about. Our CapEx up a little bit year-over-year and the mix of that CapEx is shifting more toward capacity and growth to support what we are seeing happening in the business. So CapEx is going to be up a little bit. But essentially the other moving parts are pretty straightforward. So from an operating profit perspective, we are forecasting about flattish. There'll be lower tax benefits going into 2019 versus '18 both from a combination of tax reform as well as the discrete items that we've had. And then offsetting some of that was the pension contribution we made last year. So...
Robert Moskow: Okay. Fareed, maybe -- maybe I could bridge it a little differently though. Because if you start with $1.4 billion of net income, you take the D&A, you add that back, you subtract the CapEx, you'd still be quite a bit higher than the $950 million that you're guiding to. So there must be some other non-cash income in the net income level number or some kind of tax related issue that gets you lower to $950 million and maybe this needs to be taken off-line, but it...
Fareed Khan: That might be better. But let me go -- and like I said we've sort of outlined the key moving parts. There are some pretty major year-over-year tax rate differences. Our base rate for '18 is going to be 16.5% and your outlook for '19 is quite a bit higher. So there might be some of those dynamics going on, but it might be better offline. But again, nothing that I'd point to you say would be unusual we haven't talked about in the call.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. You talked about some new brands launching and obviously typically those cost more than extensions or innovation under any current brands. Can you give a little more color on what some of those might be or what categories and why you thought it would make sense to pursue a new brand approach? And then some of these presumably white space opportunities? Did you also look at M&A as an alternative? And how did you think about that comparison?
Steve Cahillane: Yeah, Michael, thanks for the question. We are doing a combination of all of the above that you just mentioned. So some of the -- some of the things that are more capable of moving the needle if you like are the ones that I mentioned that are big brand related like Cheez-It Snap'd, Rice Krispies, Poppers and so forth. But there's also some very interesting white space that we are launching into this year. One of those is around digestive health, and we are launching a brand called Happy Inside which we are very excited about and we are going to learn as we launch this. It does require investment but we also felt that it was such a unique space that the launch of a new brand versus extending one of our existing brands into that space was more appropriate. We also scanned the horizon and looked at from an M&A perspective is there somebody in that space. And the net of all those things led us to believe that Happy Inside as a new launch, a new brand was the best alternative for us. We also have a product called Joybol which is a softer launch which is really about hyper convenience as a major trend and one of the occasions that we talk about is the deskfast occasion which is think about really everybody but particularly millennials who are on the go who tend to put their snack or breakfast in a knapsack, go to work and then have it on their breakfast -- or have it at their desk. So Joybol is another new brand we are launching into that space. Some of the same reasons we just didn't feel like an extension of one of our existing brands was as relevant to launching a new brand. So we'd do a combination of all of the above. Extending our brands where we feel like they have a right to play and a right to win and it actually reinforces the core equities of those brands versus diluting those brands. And so that's one of the prisms we look toward brand extensions. White space, where we have the opportunity to launch a new brand with appropriate levels of investment behind. And then M&A, which you saw us do most recently in the same type of space with RX which filled a big white space opportunity for us where we felt like the launch of our own brand would be far too expensive and extending our own existing brands into that space wouldn't be as successful as acquiring RX. So look for us to do all of the above. But those are two examples of launching new brands to answer your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good morning, and congratulations on turning Kashi cereal around. It's a nice improvement.
Steve Cahillane: Thank you.
Steve Strycula: As you think about the revenue bridge from where you tracked in fourth quarter to where you're going at midpoint of next year, can you walk through a few of the pieces that start to enter the comp base and how they help you scale the reported consolidation of the results, particularly Multipro and RXBAR? I know those are much faster growing. And then what does that imply for the base business?
Fareed Khan: It's Fareed. So we sort of talk about the organic growth rate, 1% to 2%. We see sort of the larger developed markets, so North America, Europe being in slight growth. And in North America, we've gotten through the DSD, we've gotten through the pricing dynamics, so there's more of a clean base there. The investments that we have been making around our big brands, we are seeing good performance. We are seeing that momentum building and then overlaid to that are some of the innovations that Steve talked about. So the snacks portfolio had some nice momentum building and then we see sequential improvement in cereal. And if you look at 2018 versus 2017, there was some improvement and we expect that to continue. It may not be all the way to growth but -- and then some of the other businesses that we mentioned, frozen performing strongly, On the Go and convenience really helping some of our specialty channels. And then Kashi, as you noted, some nice improvements in part of that business with RTEC. Europe, a similar story where there's been really good Pringles momentum in 2018. We really benefited from football. But we also have some gaming and other things going on there. So we do see Europe in growth. And then our emerging markets, which are becoming a larger part of our portfolio. Australia, which is a big market in Asia-Pacific, nice progression there, particularly in the cereals category. And then we've seen strong double-digit growth in a lot of the markets. Again, we are placing fewer bets, really building scale in high potential growth markets like Brazil and India, certainly in West Africa, as you've seen. So we still have mid single growth rates in Latin America, in Asia, slight growth in North America and Europe, and that gets you pretty solidly in the range that we gave. But again, the momentum that we are seeing in some of these big brands and some of these big categories, whether it's RX or in the core is what gives us confidence behind those numbers. So hope that helps.
Steve Strycula: It was very helpful. And then any language around RXBAR or Multipro's contribution? And then I'll pass it along. Thank you.
Fareed Khan: Just that great businesses; they've been growing at double digit growth rates. Lot of potential in both in slightly different ways. RX obviously expanding its distribution base. Also some extensions into nut butters or RX Kids that have been progressing well. And Multipro, we view West Africa as just a terrific long-term bet, and it's a proven business model. Phenomenal distribution reach in that market, and it's going to benefit from just fundamental demographics, rising incomes and we've seen that business go through ups and downs of -- whether it's energy prices or transitions. It's a very strong, very stable business. And so we see that momentum continuing. And again, you have large businesses growing at double digit growth rates. So obviously those are very accretive to the overall top line results.
Steve Cahillane: I think we are at 10:30, operator, so at this point we have to wrap it up.
Operator: Okay. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to John Renwick for any closing remarks.
John Renwick: Thanks, everyone, for your interest. I'm around all day. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-31 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John Renwick, CFA - Kellogg Co. Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co. Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.
Analysts: Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Vivek Srivastava - Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Pvt Ltd. Pablo Zuanic - SIG
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Thank you. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Strategy for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick, CFA - Kellogg Co.: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our third quarter 2018 results. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Fareed Khan, our Chief Financial Officer. Slide number 2 shows our usual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, profit margins, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand-building, up-front costs, investments and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second side of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, November 8. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, we will be referring to them on a currency-neutral adjusted basis, unless otherwise noted. And I'll now turn it over to Steve and slide number 3.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Q3 was another quarter of good progress under Deploy For Growth. We said we would increase our investment in brands and capabilities, and we did. We continued to improve consumption trends worldwide across most of our categories in the United States and in other developed markets around the world. We sustained our accelerated organic growth rate in our emerging markets. And we continued to expand distribution and consumption for single-serve pack formats, which are outpacing our categories. Now, I recognize that the first thing many of you will notice about our third quarter results is that our operating profit came in short of our guidance. This was due to choices we made during the quarter to invest in our budding momentum. We again increased brand-building investment and we again leaned into single-serve items, even though they generated higher costs. Most of the shortfall from these factors was in a single business unit, which is U.S. Snacks, but these did not reflect any deterioration in our fundamentals in that business unit or elsewhere. As the quarter progressed, we elected not to offset these investments and costs just to deliver a targeted operating profit. For instance, we could have lifted our foot off the gas pedal on our expansion of single-serve on-the-go items, many of which are co-packed and require additional transportation in a high freight cost environment, but we chose not to, instead leaning into these pack formats that are meeting key consumer occasions and incremental to our brand's growth. Again, this principally took place in our U.S. Snacks business where on-the-go is a critical occasion for us to win. Similarly, at any time, we could have pulled back on brand-building investment, but we chose not to, instead increasing brand-building at a strong, high single-digit rate year-over-year because that is what is getting our brands back on firmer growth footing. A great example is RX, where we moved ahead with its first-ever national advertising campaign, even before realizing its full distribution expansion and on top of rolling out a new nut butters platform and a relaunched kids' line. What's important is that these investments are working. You can see this in the improvement in our consumption and net sales growth this year. We generated organic growth, despite the remaining mechanical impact of our DSD exit and despite notably tougher second half comparisons. Improved consumption growth brings improved net sales growth, and we're seeing both. We also really like what we see going on in our portfolio, which we're shaping through investment decisions, SKU rationalization and M&A. The Q3 benefits of these portfolio improvements are summarized on slide number 4, and will be described in more detail in the coming slides. Our consumption trends are improving around the world, including in the United States. And many of our biggest brands grew share in the quarter, as did many of our smaller challenger brands. Post-DSD U.S. Snacks is now stronger, thanks to a rationalized SKU lineup, increased brand investment and a deliberate expansion of on-the-go offerings. And in Q3, it continued to improve its velocities overall and gain share in key supported brands. Frozen Foods is sustaining its solid momentum. Our cereal business in core international developed markets have stabilized, and we showed signs of improvement in our U.S. cereal business in Q3. Also in Q3, we sustained an accelerated growth rate in our expanding emerging markets. This acceleration comes not only from adding West Africa to our consolidated results this year – and that business continues to grow rapidly, by the way – but also from accelerating our organic growth rate across our emerging markets, sustaining a high single-digit growth rate that is meaningfully higher than in recent years. This emerging markets growth is contributing to, but not solely responsible for, good growth in net sales and operating profit across all three of our international regions. So these are the elements to listen for as we get into the details of the quarter. And we'll start with Fareed taking you through the specifics of our Q3 and year-to-date financials.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Slide 5 summarizes our results for the third quarter. Tough comps and increased investment may have restrained profit and earnings growth, but it was another quarter of net sales growth, driven by both organic growth and acquisitions and of improving consumption and sales trends. Our net sales obviously got a lift from our RX acquisition and recent consolidation of Multipro, our West Africa business, both of which continued to grow strongly in Q3. We also realized organic growth, even after the remaining negative and mechanical impact of the DSD exit. Our operating profit was down modestly, reflecting the unusually strong double-digit growth in the year-earlier quarter, as well as incremental brand-building in this year's Q3 and costs related to our support of our expansion of single-serve pack formats. And EPS growth was aided by U.S. tax reform, net of headwinds like: higher interest expense, related to funding acquisitions; lower pension income, related to our decision to reduce our expected rate of return on plant assets; and lower equity earnings, partly related to shifts in our joint venture stakes earlier this year. I should note that we also continue to deliver on cash flow. Excluding the voluntary pension contribution we made in Q2, our year-to-date cash flow remains above last year's before the subsequent accounting reclassification. So let's examine the results in a little bit more detail. Slide 6 walks you through components of our net sales growth in the quarter and first nine months. Excluding currency, our net sales grew more than 9% year-on-year. Two acquisitions contributed almost 9 points of growth. These were: Multipro, which we consolidated in May; and RX, which we acquired in October of last year. Both these businesses continued to show strong sales at double-digit growth rates. On an organic basis, our sales were up by nearly half a percentage point year-on-year, and we remain up slightly for the first nine months. Because we've lapped last year's DSD exit about midway through the quarter, its negative impact from SKU rationalization and elimination of the price premium we used to charge for DSD was only about half a percentage point in Q3. Excluding this DSD impact, our organic growth remained solid, but you'll notice that it was modestly slower than our first half growth. This is because, as we've pointed out previously, we face significantly tougher comps in the second half than in the first half as we lap last year's second half accelerations in Frozen Foods, European Pringles and ex-DSD U.S. Snacks, not to mention last year's Q3 hurricane benefit. But when you wrap it all together, our Q3 offered yet further evidence that our stepped-up brand investment is gaining traction, and we're getting back into sustainable top-line growth. Let's turn to our profit margins, starting with gross margin on slide 7. We'll break down our gross profit margin decline into three buckets, just as we did last quarter, because we think it's helpful for understanding the various puts and takes. I'll start with the last bucket on the side, which is our ongoing input costs, net of productivity. Once again, our productivity and Project K savings were able to offset the margin impact of higher transportation, packaging and other costs. Cost inflation is sustaining at higher levels than we had anticipated. And we recently executed some initial Revenue Growth Management actions in several countries to help cover it as we go into 2019. But so far, we've managed this well. The biggest impact in the quarter came again from the bucket that represents the mechanical impacts we've discussed previously. The impact of our DSD exit was much smaller in Q3 than it has been in recent quarters as we lap the year-ago exit during the quarter. So that's now behind us in Q4. The other mechanical impact, the consolidation of Multipro, became a larger headwind in Q3, solely because it was in our results for a full quarter. That headwind remains with us through April of next year. The bucket we call growth-related had a bigger impact than we had expected, albeit with similar drivers to what we experienced in Q2. These were principally two mix shifts that had the effect of pulling down our gross margin percentage. First, we had another strong quarter of growth in emerging markets businesses, which don't yet have the scale of developed markets and, therefore, carry lower percent margins. This growth is not cannibalizing any of our other businesses. As we grow our scale and shift our mix towards more value-added products, we will improve emerging markets margins. The second notable shift was toward single-serve and on-the-go pack formats, which are depicted on slide 8. Deploy For Growth emphasis on winning occasions has us innovating new pack formats, particularly in the area of single-serve and on-the-go. In developed markets, this includes immediate consumption offerings and multi-packs. In emerging markets, this includes single-serve sachets with more affordable price points. Both are important opportunities for future growth. Leaning into occasions, we developed and expanded these pack formats across the breadth of our portfolio for various channels, particularly in our U.S. Snacks business, where on-the-go is now running at more than 10% of sales. The good news is that demand is strong. You can see it in the scanner data, where our on-the-go offerings are growing rapidly, and the growth has accelerated faster than we had anticipated. We'll show you some figures on this in a moment. However, where these new pack formats are new for us, and where we were capacity-constrained on existing pack formats, we have relied on co-packers. Obviously, co-packing costs money, as does the related movement of product, particularly in a high freight cost environment. So while we like the incremental growth these pack formats bring us, they do represent a cost and margin headwind for us in the near-term. We do have plans in place to address this for the medium-term. As I mentioned last quarter, we are investing in in-house packing capabilities for some of these pack formats, which will reduce manufacturing costs and transportation needs, but this will take a few quarters to get fully ramped up. Getting back to the total company's results, we are not overly concerned about decreases in our percent margins. We know what's driving it, and we have plans to offset it. And we know these mix shifts are driving net sales dollars today, and are incremental to operating profits over time. Our operating profit margin performance is shown on slide 9. Operating profit margin decreased year-on-year in Q3, reflecting the mechanical and growth-related impacts on gross margin, as well as nearly double-digit increases in brand-building year-on-year. In fact, in dollars, this year-on- year increase in brand-building was significantly greater than our year-on-year decline in operating profit. Recall that we're comparing against our biggest operating profit and operating profit growth of (12:44) the quarter last year, when we were exiting DSD overhead, but had not yet fully ramped up brand-building. You'll also recall that we made the decision several months ago to add even more brand-building than originally planned to Q3, because it was working and because we had strong ideas to invest behind. A large portion of this increased brand-building was behind key U.S. Snacks brands and RX, and the impact on consumption has already been positive. We're willing to make that trade-off between near-term profit and reinvestment for top-line growth that's sustainable. And it's already having a positive impact on our top-line performance. So Q3 was another quarter of investment and improving top-line performance. So now let's turn to our full year guidance, as shown on slide 10. We're moving our guidance for currency-neutral net sales growth to the high-end of our previous guidance, or roughly 5%. This reflects our year-to-date improvement and also reflects our consumption trends' continued improvements across the portfolio, as our brands respond to increased investment and improved execution. If anything, we think we can do better than this, but we're leaving the possibility for trade inventory reductions in Q4 in a couple of post-DSD Snacks categories. Nonetheless, we obviously feel good about the top line. We're bringing down our guidance for currency-neutral adjusted operating profit growth. Some of this reflects Q3 results, but also reflects similar dynamics anticipated for Q4. We're putting more investment dollars to work in certain businesses and capabilities. And we've decided to continue to expand single-serve, even in a high freight cost environment. Again, as Steve mentioned, we could pull back in these areas in order to preserve operating profit, but that would go against what we're trying to do: build momentum for our brands and develop capabilities that will help us sustain sales and profit growth well into the future. This reduction in OP guidance brings our currency-adjusted EPS growth back down to about 7% to 8%. We still expect interest expense to be up year-on-year on borrowing related to acquisitions made over the last 12 months, and other income to be down due to our reduced expected return on assets assumptions in our pension and post-retirement plans. However, recent tax benefits should enable us to finish the year with effective tax rates at the low end of the 18% to 19% range we've been guiding to. We're not making any changes to our cash flow guidance, despite the lower operating profit. So in summary, our financials reflect that we're doing what we said we'd do, leaning into investments, both in brand-building and capabilities. We're seeing the positive impact on top-line growth. And we're choosing to continue to lean into these investments, even if it means less profit for Q4 than previously planned. And with that, let me turn it back to Steve to walk you through our businesses.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Fareed. We'll start with North America, which is summarized on slide number 11. We remain on track for a markedly improved organic net sales performance this year, with and without the mechanical impact of last year's DSD exit. That DSD exit impact was nearly a percentage point of headwind to North America's sales growth in Q3 and close to 3 percentage points year-to-date. As you read left to right, you see a market improvement in Morning Foods; still work to be done, but much improved, especially in Q3. You see that United States Snacks has picked up its growth, excluding the DSD impact. Specialty Channels is lapping some unusual factors from 2017, like FEMA orders during last year's hurricanes. North America Other has sustained a dramatic improvement in organic growth, and that doesn't even include RX as of yet. So Kellogg North America is clearly improving its performance this year. Of course, the better indicator of the improving health of our business is consumption. Slide number 12 aggregates our nine largest categories in the U.S. and compares our consumption growth to that of our categories. What it indicates is that we have improved our consumption trends in the U.S., particularly coming out of our DSD transition in mid-2017. Across our portfolio and business units, not only has our increased investment in brand-building and on-the-go pack formats helped our categories, but our execution has helped us to stabilize our share. This chart only shows our biggest categories in the U.S., but the same share recovery story is true in Canada and in key measured markets around the world. This is why we feel so strongly about continuing to lean into these investments, because they are working. Slide number 13 summarizes U.S. Snacks. Because we exited from DSD at most of our customers by the end of July last year, this is the last quarter of year-on-year mechanical impact from DSD on net sales. And it came in at roughly negative 240 basis points to U.S. Snacks net sales. Excluding that impact from both years, our comparisons in Q3 were the toughest of the year. Beyond shipment timing, however, consumption data showed continued improvement. Led by our Cheez-It and Club brands, our crackers consumption growth accelerated, resulting in a solid share gain in the quarter. Pringles also accelerated its growth, continuing to gain share in salty snacks. In wholesome snacks, Rice Krispies Treats continues to gain share, even with supply constraints. And in cookies, resumed investment support behind Keebler Fudge Shoppe, Keebler Grahams, Mother's, and Famous Amos is bringing these key brands back into consumption and share growth, stabilizing our share overall. Across our snacks categories, we like what we're seeing in base sales and velocities, not to mention restored display activity. Importantly, especially for these snacking categories, our on-the-go offerings grew consumption at just about a double-digit rate in the quarter. As I mentioned earlier, many of these pack formats are co-packed, either because we don't currently have the packaging capabilities for those particular formats or simply because demand is outstripping our supply. This cut into U.S. Snacks year-on-year operating profit growth in Q3 and will do so again in Q4. But we're investing for long-term growth, and building demand and scale for on-the-go is a strategic priority for us. We're also not waiting to find solutions to offset and reduce these costs. For instance, we're investing now in in-house packing capacity, which will come online during 2019. So we feel good about the direction we're heading in U.S. Snacks. Fareed mentioned the possibility of trade inventory reduction in Q4, which is a precautionary stance, but we're very pleased with our in-market performance and expect that to continue. And while we're leaning into investment in brands and on-the-go pack formats, this is the right thing for the long-term growth of this business. Now let's turn to U.S. Morning Foods and slide number 14. Morning Foods' net sales declined by less than forecast in Q3, continuing a trend of moderating declines. In cereal, our consumption in share was pulled down by the temporary absence on shelf of Honey Smacks, which accounted for 40 basis points of our overall 20 basis point decline. Remember, this brand had been manufactured by a third-party until June. And while we were transitioning it back to in-house production, we did not have Honey Smacks on shelf during the third quarter. In Q4, in-house production has commenced and the brand is returning to shelves, as we speak. But behind this Honey Smacks impact is good improving in-market performance. Our Core 6 brands collectively gained share in the quarter. In the taste fun segment, both Frosted Flakes and Froot Loops grew consumption and share. But more important for the category will be stabilizing the wellness-oriented adult segment. Stabilizing adult brands Raisin Bran and Mini-Wheats was a priority for us this year. And our efforts to amplify the wellness attributes of these brands are clearly resonating with consumers. Both brands posted growth in consumption and share this quarter. Meantime, in toaster pastries, Pop-Tarts returned to consumption growth on the strength of food news such as new Pop-Tarts Splitz and Gone Nutty!. This is what drives this important brand, and we have good plans ahead for it. So getting back to our playbook is yielding improved results in Morning Foods. It's requiring increased investment, but this is important as we work toward stabilizing this business. As I've said before, there's still more to do and across more of our brands, but recent consumption trends show that we're making progress. Turning to slide number 15 and U.S. Specialty Channels, U.S. Specialty Channels posted an unusual net sales decline in Q3. The business lapped year-ago FEMA shipments related to hurricanes and we experienced trade inventory reduction in convenience stores and vending early in the quarter. But, frankly, this was less of a net sales decline than we had expected, as we continued to see good execution and promising innovation across these channels. Indeed, we've had success testing new innovations in Specialty Channels before expanding their launches into other retail channels. We'll have another quarter of lapping FEMA shipments in Q4, but we feel good about our underlying fundamentals in this business. As we have told you on previous earnings calls, Specialty Channels operating profit in 2018 is forecast to be down year-on-year, due to changes we made this year in the allocation of costs from other U.S. segments. This is not related to any change in the underlying business, which remains solid. Let's turn to slide number 16 and our North America Other segment. RX obviously contributed much of this segment's year-on-year growth. This business continues to expand, with triple-digit consumption growth and ACV distribution now exceeding 70%, up from less than 30% a year ago. During the quarter, we launched our first-ever national advertising campaign aimed at increasing this brand's awareness, while also relaunching kids' flavored bars and launching new nut butters. Even excluding RX, North America Other's organic growth was about 3% in Q3, another strong performance led by U.S. Frozen Foods. Eggo's consumption and share growth continue to be strong, even as we lap last year's mid-year acceleration, on a strong core and the success of our relaunched Thick & Fluffy line. MorningStar Farms consumption slowed in the quarter, as the brand and the overall category lapped last year's market acceleration, but it continues to have favorable consumer trends and a strong pipeline of innovation and marketing ahead. Canada's net sales increased year-on-year. We held share in cereal and snacks, led by effective innovation around wellness offerings like Vector and Kashi, and we grew share in Eggo. Kashi's net sales declined slightly in the quarter, but by much less than was forecast and by much less than last year. Our cereal consumption continued to grow as the Kashi brand cereal accelerated its growth, led by GOLEAN and the launch of Kashi by Kids. Meanwhile, Bear Naked continued to add to its leading share in granola. A key for the overall Kashi business will be stabilizing snack bars, and that work is well underway, including innovation and expanded distribution for our Pure Organic brand. So these businesses are all pointed in the right direction as well. Now, let's talk about our international regions, starting with slide number 17. This slide shows what a difference a year makes, with accelerated organic growth in 2018 across all three regions. And remember, this doesn't even include Multipro, our fast-growing business in West Africa, which is accounted for as an acquisition. As we build up our scale and portfolios in emerging markets, these regions become that much more important to our growth algorithm. And in Q3, we continued to see a combination of elevated organic net sales growth in emerging markets, snacks growth and stabilized cereal performance in developed markets. Let's take each in turn. We'll start with Europe on slide number 18. Because of last year's first half promotional disruption on Pringles, net sales growth comparisons in the second half of 2018 are markedly more challenging than they were in the first half, and yet we continued to post growth in this region. Pringles sustained its momentum with double-digit consumption growth in Europe, led by share gains in big markets like the UK and France. Cereal sales were off slightly year-on-year, principally on category softness in the UK and France. However, our consumption declines moderated in the quarter as another share gain in the UK and a stabilization of share in France gave us a higher overall share across Europe for the quarter. Once again, emerging markets were a driver of the Europe region's net sales growth for both cereal and snacks. This was led by Russia, Egypt and the Middle East, so another solid performance for our Europe region. Markets remain challenging, particularly in Continental Europe, and we do continue to face tougher comps in the second half on Pringles. But Kellogg Europe continues to deliver growth anyway. Let's turn to Latin America on slide number 19. Already strong in the first half, Kellogg Latin America's net sales growth accelerated further in Q3. This strong performance was again driven: by Mexico, where our cereal consumption and share growth remained impressive; and in Mercosur, where Parati sustained its growth momentum and biscuit share gains in Brazil. Meanwhile, Pringles continued to grow in key markets across the region. And our Caribbean/Central America subregion continues to rebound. So in a region that is no stranger to volatility in currencies and politics, we continue to see the benefits of well-established brands, an experienced management team, and a portfolio that has been shaped toward snacking. And finally, let's take a look at our Asia Pacific region shown on slide number 20. Our net sales growth was boosted by a full quarter of consolidating Multipro. Recall that this is the distributor portion of our partnership in West Africa, in which we acquired a consolidating stake in early May. Treated in our results like an acquisition, this business also continued to post strong double-digit growth of its own in Q3. We'll talk more about this exciting business and the competitive advantage that Multipro gives us in West Africa at our Day@K investor event in a couple of weeks. But Asia Pacific also grew strongly on an organic basis, which excludes Multipro. We've increased cereal consumption in emerging markets, led by India and Southeast Asia, as well as South Africa. Impressively, we also grew cereal in developed market Australia, where the category has returned to growth and we've continued to gain share. Pringles sales momentum continues, with growth in Q3 led by double-digit gains in India and South Africa, along with sustained growth in Australia, Japan and Taiwan, so very strong fundamentals for us in Asia Pacific. We're proving that we can stabilize and grow in a developed market like Australia, and we continue to expand in promising long-term growth markets like India and Africa. So allow me to summarize with slide number 21. We feel very good about the direction we're heading. Our portfolio is being shaped toward growth. We made some very good acquisitions in recent years, and we've successfully integrated them. Some fill in white spaces in developed markets. Others have boosted our presence and scale in fast-growing emerging markets. We've also shaped our portfolio through investment. Could we have pulled back on some investment in Q3 and delivered more profit? Yes, of course. But we're leaning into investment right now, both behind our brands and behind honing our capabilities. And I really don't want to slow that down, because these investments are the essence of Deploy For Growth and they're already gaining traction. Look at our improved net sales performance. Witness our improved consumption and share performance, and see how broad-based these improvements are across our portfolio and geographies. Behind this is better, higher ROI brand investment, enhanced capabilities and increased competitiveness. So, we're willing to deliver a little less operating profit in the near-term because we have investment ideas with strong ROIs that can solidify our path to sustainable long-term top-line growth, and we feel very good about that. And it's not just investments that will help improve our trajectory. We've made some big, bold moves in recent years, and it has changed our cost structure, our portfolio, and our operating approach. We'll talk more about these at our Day@K investor event in a couple of weeks. These are exciting times for Kellogg Company. And I hope you are as excited about our future as we are. As always, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank our employees who are creating this future for us. And with that, we'd be happy to take any questions that you might have.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Morning, Chris.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, just had a question for you in relation to the gross margin, a couple data points you gave throughout the presentation and discussion, but you had input costs were offset by productivity savings, if I heard correctly. You had obviously some higher inflation, but productivity offset that. You had the DSD and Multipro effect. And the end result was kind of the underlying gross margin being down 70 basis points. What I'm trying to get to is basically the mix effect on those co-packing costs. I know you talked a lot about those, but is that the totality of the decline in the gross margin? And then, when do you think you can bring these co-packing products into your own manufacturing facility to reduce that cost?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Yes, Chris, it's Fareed. I think you got the buckets right. Really year-to-date, we've been offsetting pretty high input cost inflation through productivity. And that's the ongoing work that we do, day-in, day-out, as well as benefits from Project K that continue to come through. And that was true again in Q3. Where we've seen the most inflation has been around the transportation area, and that's an important factor when we get into the single-serve dynamics that we've talked about. So on single-serve, basically we're seeing a lot of growth in those categories. We like that growth. Long-term, it offers terrific potential. It's already a sizable part of our snacks business, so think about 10% of sales. And even with that percentage, we feel we are under-indexed to where that business could be. And so we like the growth opportunities. We are pursuing it. A lot of our product innovation is in that space. Now, the co-pack challenges really are solved through investments in the supply-chain, many of which are in place. They just don't happen overnight. So we could see some of these pressures continuing through the first half of next year, as we get co-packing centers put in place, as we have more streamlined back-ends to some of our production lines, and we have the capacity to meet the demand growth that we have in place. Very solvable, it just doesn't happen overnight. And, we're on that, both with investments and with organizational focus. What we didn't want to do is do anything to get in the way of that growth because, that's where the consumers' going, and very important for our brands to tap into those opportunities.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And just to be clear, then, you would quantify that gross margin challenge in the quarter and some of the overall profit challenges is mix and co-packing. And those are somewhat one and the same, but also there's a mix factor in there as well. Is that right?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: They're connected, because it's the customers, it's the way those products get to customers, but the biggest single factor is just the format and the complexity of either single-serve items or mixed items that again go to the same sort of consumer dynamics, but that's right.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Fareed, just wanted to come back to the North American businesses. Price increases seem to be a theme across the space, especially now from your largest competitor in snacks, but your strategy seems geared more towards pack size and mix at this point, so can you speak a bit more to your opportunities to take pricing as well? I mean you touched on the NRM (34:11) activities in your comments, but just more broadly about U.S. limiting factors online pricing here? Thank you.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yes, John. Thanks for the question. This is Steve. We do see an opportunity broad-based for Revenue Growth Management, so not just pricing, but the other things that you mentioned. We've already taken several RGM actions in 2018 in the United States, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America. We've announced others, including in the United States, but they won't be effective until later in Q4. Obviously, we don't discuss any prospective 2019 pricing actions, but you've heard me and all of us talk in the past about earning price in the marketplace. We continue to really drive that mentality. We're coming with more innovations next year, which we think are very exciting, which will come with the ability to earn more price in the marketplace. So it's broad-based Revenue Growth Management, but it's very, very important to us moving forward into 2019 because we are seeing, as everybody is seeing, a more inflationary environment out there.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And I guess is it your perspective the consumer can handle the higher mix or the higher prices overall going forward?
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yes, it is. And particularly if you're delivering more value, right? And so we've given examples in the past where we've improved food. We've innovated around food, around packaging, around formats. And if you get the consumer value equation right, then you can definitely earn the price from the consumer, which is what the retailer's looking for, right? You want to moderate your elasticities as much as possible and we do see that opportunity.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you and good morning. So I just wanted to understand the fourth quarter implications and what's happened. I think that the guidance changes will result in like a 20% reduction in the consensus EPS forecast. So the changes here, Steve, seem to be quite substantial. Could you just explain a little bit in the evolution of why is this such a big change? Certainly, it's been the strategy to do these single-serves for a long time now, so I don't perceive that the growth in single-serve was shocking to the Kellogg Company, but I feel like you guys really had a big change of understanding your cost structure of what those products mean. But I'd just kind of like to understand why that changed so much. And then just to build on that, in the Q1 and Q2 of next year, I think, Fareed, you said that it's a similar magnitude event of what those impacts would be, but could you just confirm that? Thank you.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yes. Thanks, David, for the question. I'll start and Fareed will go deeper. I'd say if you look at the broad implications of our results and our guidance, in your parlance, I'd say we chose a high-quality miss versus a low-quality make. We could have cut back, but the hardest thing to do in consumer packaged goods today is create demand and drive growth. And key to our Deploy For Growth strategy is returning to top-line growth. And it's happening, and we're pleased with it. And we're going to continue to work on the margin, without a doubt. If there's a mea culpa, the single-serve demand creation happened faster than we anticipated, and a good bit faster than we anticipated, at the same time that the supply-chain costs and the costs of shipping multiple products all around multiple networks accelerated at the same time. So it was little bit of a perfect storm of better demand creation, which we like. That's a good problem to solve and much higher logistics costs than were anticipated. And rather than cut back in areas like brand-building to manage towards a different outcome, we like the fact that we'll return to top-line growth and are willing to invest against it. You want to -
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Sure. David, a couple of points around Q4 and then we really don't want to get into 2019 guidance on this particular call, but I'll give you some factors. First of all, the underlying fundamentals that we talked about on the brands on consumption around top-line, we think are solid and we expect those to continue into Q4. We pointed a little bit of risk in the sense of potential trade inventory reductions. We'll see how that plays out, but you have a couple of factors that played out in Q3 that will continue into Q4. The first of those is our Deploy For Growth investments to really accelerate the top-line. And, as Steve mentioned, that's a choice. Those investments, even in brand-building alone, were greater than the OP decline in the quarter, right, so continue to be fairly significant. Some of those are around our core brands, some innovation that's coming down the pipeline. We've got some pretty exciting new RX platforms that we're leaning into. Globally, high-frequency occasions, on-the-go themes are also important, as well some capabilities. Those investments are working and we don't want to take our foot off the gas. The second factor is the single-serve dynamics that we've talked quite a bit about. And, as I mentioned, those don't get fixed overnight. But over time, as we optimize and streamline some of the supply chain co-pack areas, those margins will come up. That's probably more of a second half of next year phenomenon. So if you take those together, that's sort of about two-thirds to three-quarters of the pressure. Now in Q4, we do expect continued inflationary pressures in transportation. From where we saw it at the beginning of the year, it's actually more significant than we expected. We have RGM initiatives on that, as well as other cost pressures. But in Q4, you've got sort of a timing balance between those two that are going to play out. And also, we're starting to see some hedging in some of the procurement commodity areas rolling off. And that creates some pressure. And the last thing I'll mention is that we did a nice job really all year around controllable costs. So we're spending in brand. But if you look at our ZBB program, if you look at our overhead productivity, all the cost savings that we expected from the DSD exit are flowing through, and so we like that. So Q3 also benefits from some pretty solid cost actions. And while we'll continue to see some benefits, we don't see sort of the same rate of offset coming in. So you put all that together, that says Q4 is going to be a little bit more challenging than where Q3 came out. And that really sort of shapes our guidance.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you for the comments.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thank you. I don't think I heard you guys talk about updated gross margins for the year. Obviously, it won't be at quite as good as you thought previously. But could you give us some idea of where you expect them to come in for the entire year?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Yeah. What I'll say is the dynamics that we talked about for the quarter will continue to play out. So the mix effect will be rolling off in Q4, the mix impact from the DSD exit. But the Multipro dynamics will still stay with us. The mechanical impacts will sort of be about 150 basis points. And then on the single-serve issues, those we expect to continue. And that's sort of the primary two dynamics. And so we put that in the category of kind of mix, which when sort of sized, is maybe 100 basis points on top of that.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, follow-up for me, you had called out a substantial increase in marketing in your North America Other segment. And you called out the first national ad campaign for RXBAR, but, at least the numbers that we saw, RXBAR sales weren't any higher this quarter than last quarter. Is this just because it takes time for ad campaigns to work? I know sometimes there is a lag effect. And if so, when should we start expecting RX sales in this segment to really start ramping up?
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Well, we're actually very happy with RX sales. They continue at a torrid pace. And so, the whole idea behind the national advertising campaign was when you go from circa 30% ACV distribution to 70% ACV distribution, you want to keep the demand as strong as possible, because typically what happens is your sales per point of distribution will go down because you're expanding that ACV so dramatically. And we didn't see that. So the customer support we're getting is very strong. The brand health scores that we're seeing are very strong. Unaided brand awareness is growing very, very nicely. Brand loyalty is growing very nicely. So we really like what we see with RXBAR. The customers like the support, based on the incredible increase in ACV distribution we're getting. So there's typically a lag, as you point out, when you're building brand awareness and you're building equity. But we really like what we see in RX.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Good morning, Alexia.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Morning, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. You've mentioned the trade inventory reductions a couple of times that I think are going to hit in Q4. Can you just elaborate a little bit more on what those products are and why those inventories are being reduced? And then, just a quick follow-up, how much was advertising spending up year-on-year this quarter? Thank you, and I'll pass it on.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Alexia, for the question. I'll start, and Fareed may want to go deeper. In terms of inventory, when we exited DSD, obviously, it was a major transition that we've been talking about for some time now, where the inventory went from our system into the customers' warehouse system. And over time, we expected that they would have a higher level of inventory as they got used to, obviously, carrying a whole new line of goods, and that would be optimized over time, which you would expect. So we've been expecting inventory to come down, and it has not come down. So we're not calling that it will come down in Q4, but it may because we're just expecting that retailers, like us, would look for optimal levels of inventory. So we're not saying that it will happen, but just to be precautionary, we're pointing out that it is possible at some point in time. And it's U.S. Snacks that we're talking about. In terms of brand-building, we're not going to get into the details, but I can tell you it's up high single digits. And so that's why I say you see other companies would pull back if profit's under pressure. We like the growth that we're driving. We like the demand creation that's happening. And so, if anything, we've leaned into brand-building this year in a high single-digit way. I don't know, Fareed...
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: And Alexia, the only thing I'll add is that brand-building in dollar terms was greater that our OP decline on dollar terms, so pretty significant in the quarter. But it's working, and we see that in the brands. And we're being very focused about where that investment goes. We like the ROIs, which is why we continue to focus on that area.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you. I just had a question on non-U.S. business. Given currency headwinds you're experiencing and it would seem like expect to continue to experience through, kind of, early next year, first half of next year, can you just, kind of, briefly explain a bit, kind of, the way you're thinking about pricing in non-U.S. markets? Because, I mean, as of now, right, we're not really seeing the pricing. Therefore, it's not offsetting the currency. But from others, we're seeing it. So I'm just curious if there's a disconnect between how you're thinking about pricing relative to currency versus others or if you think this is more of a short-term effect in Q3 and likely as we get into Q4 next year, you would look to potentially take some pricing in non-U.S. markets. Thanks.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Rob. So we look at, first, from a high-level perspective, pricing at a consumer level, right? So we have to be competitive in the marketplace. We have to earn the right price in the marketplace, and we have to sell the consumer. So we can't look just at currency and say, currency moves, therefore the consumer is going to pay more. Because if you're sitting in a country, obviously, you're thinking about consumer goods in your own currency. Now, having said that, we look at RGM opportunities everywhere around the globe, and we've seen good opportunities to do that. We're not big in some of the hyperinflation economies that some are talking about at all right now. So we think currency is very manageable. We think there's RGM opportunities. I mentioned some of them in Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, that we've already taken in 2018, and we'll continue to look for opportunities going forward, but, again, with the consumer at the heart and soul of our planning process.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Please go ahead
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Thanks so much for the question. So I noted the total expense in Morning Foods, and that's maybe there's a lot in there, but it's just sales less operating profit, as you disclose it, was up for the first time since the segment peaked six years ago, year-over-year. When I look back, you've taken out about $200 million expenses from that segment, even as recently as 2015, about $80 million. So I guess maybe a question and a half in here. Some of that has to be discretionary investment. So what gives you the confidence that you're spending enough on the right things right now? And is this sort of a bottom? Should we expect continued investment and lower margin in that segment, I guess, as you reported that big profit pool at North America going forward? Thanks so much.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Jon. I'll start, and, again, Fareed can go to deeper. Morning Foods, we've said, U.S. Morning Foods, that we want to stabilize, and that it won't be a growth engine, doesn't need to be a growth engine for the company. But we want to stabilize the business, and we know we've got great brands. And we are investing double-digit in brand-building to make that happen. And we're liking what we see in a number of the big brands in our Core 6 in terms of now stabilizing and growing share and again cutting the decline fairly dramatically from where it was. And so we are investing in capabilities as well. It's a very important business for us and we like what we're seeing early days in terms of our goal towards stabilization. You want to add?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: So what I'd add is that in Morning Foods, which is true of all of our businesses, the investments back in the business, one, discretionary, and, two, in a very focused way around supporting big brands that are responding well, building capabilities, and also innovation. And we've got a couple of interesting platforms coming out in Morning Foods around the gut health space. An we think that's kind of a very interesting area where the cereal category and Kellogg, in particular, can have a lot to say around health and wellness, and the importance of the biome. And so all these investments reflect pretty focused areas. We've done a lot of work around measuring how those are responding, are we getting the ROI. And the fact that we're continuing to make those investments basically says that those are positive, and we like what we're seeing in terms of top line. All the discipline around cost and efficiencies are as much today as they were a few years ago. And, in many ways, that's fueling some of the investments we're putting back into the business, as I mentioned. The DSD savings are coming through. Ongoing productivity savings are coming through. And that's allowing us to offset, at least year-to-date, some of the inflationary pressures that we've been seeing. So the investment's across all the platforms in a targeted way, and the returns have been positive.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Fair enough, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Vivek Srivastava - Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Pvt Ltd.: Thank you. This is Vivek Srivastava speaking on behalf of Jason English. My question is on trade spend versus brand-building. So recently, a few of your peers have talked about shifting dollars from marketing to trade, while you have been stepping up brand-building aggressively. How are retailers responding to this? And do you expect the same strategy to go forward or probably put more in trade? Thanks.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yes, thanks, for the question. We don't break out brand-building in terms of trade and above the line and so forth for competitive reasons. But brand-building for us is not trade. And when we say brand-building is up double digits, we mean things that are directly addressed at the consumer. So think TV, think digital, think advertising and promotion. So it is real investment against building brand equity with our consumers. And I can tell you that our retailers are pleased with it because we are leaning in. And when you improve the velocity off their shelf, obviously it's a win-win. And so, that's what I talked about in Morning Foods, getting those brands stabilized and several of them back to growth. It's an incredibly important category with high household penetration, so they're pleased with that. The Snack business going from DSD into the warehouse allowed us to substantially increase our brand-building, and you can see, and we talked about and pointed out, the velocity improvement and the SKU rationalization, so our shelf sets are so much more productive than they were. So again, retailer likes that. And the innovations that Fareed mentioned, that we're bringing require investment. And, again, retailers are very welcome to innovations in the categories in which we play.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Please go ahead.
Pablo Zuanic - SIG: Good morning. I have two questions, but a comment first. This is a quarter where you increased sales guidance, actually beat in terms of sales estimates for the third quarter in terms of organic growth. And we look at the scanner data and your trajectory is better, right? But then the stock is down 9%. And obviously, that's because of gross margins. I won't harp too much on brand-building because it's up high single digits in the third quarter, but it was up a lot more in the first half, you know double digits year-to-date. So brand-building is not why the stock is down 9% today. So what I want to ask, the first question is very simple. You're not getting credit for the sales growth momentum because we don't know where margin is going to be next year, so can you give more color in terms of how we should think about EBIT margins for next year? Or at Investor Day on November 11 (sic) [November 13], are you going to be quite specific about 2019 guidance? That's the first question, and then I have a follow-up.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Okay. Pablo, I'll start. First of all, I don't know what the market is doing, but we don't manage the stock price on a day-to-day basis. We manage the long-term health and growth of this business, as if we were owners in it. And the most important thing that we can do for this business is return it to top-line growth in a responsible and sustainable way. And so we're pleased with what's happening with our brand-building investments. And you can see another quarter of organic sales growth, which we haven't had for quite some number of years. And so we have problems that we need to solve clearly around how that demand is being supplied to the marketplace in terms of all the single-serve challenges that we've talked about. But the single hardest thing to do in consumer packaged goods, which I mentioned, is really return to top-line growth if you're actually in decline. And so that requires a level of investment. And over the long-term, we will get back to our algorithm that we've talked and that we talked about a while back at CAGNY, which, again, is low single-digit top-line growth, mid-single-digit OP growth. And, ultimately, that leads to double-digit total shareholder return growth. And then the stock price will take care of itself. And so that's our commitment. That's our strategy. In terms of 2019 guidance, we'll give some more directional, where we're heading at our Day@K, but what we can tell you is we like what we're seeing in terms of the brand-building investment. We like that we're returning to top-line growth. We've got a lot of brands that are responding quite well. Fareed mentioned the headwinds in some detail that we faced and that we're facing down. That's not going to change dramatically going into 2019, the shape of 2019. Just because you turn the calendar page and it's January and not December doesn't immediately fix things. So the shape may resemble 2018, but the fact that we're getting back to top-line growth, ultimately, is very, very important.
Pablo Zuanic - SIG: Agreed. And just a quick follow-up for Fareed, you said that on-the-go snacks was 10% of sales. Was that of total sales, because that would mean 40% of snacks, if you can clarify that? And my question really is more once these co-packing issues are solved and you take care of supply chain issues, let's say, by middle of next year, on a more normalized basis, would on-the-go snacks be more profitable than your packaged snacks in a normalized basis? Thanks.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Yes, sure. On the first question, we didn't give sort of an overall percentage, so that 10% was 10% of the U.S. Snacks business. Now, we have on-the-go formats and on-the-go SKUs across all of our businesses all over the world. And so, we haven't given the total percentage points. But it's the U.S. Snacks business where these co-pack pressures are. As so, that's still a very sizable business. So if you think about transportation costs, multiple shipping, handling by third parties and you can pretty quickly envision how contribution margin from a pretty sizable business would erode as that business grew. And that's really the pressure that we're seeing in that area. And could you just remind me the second part of your question? Sorry.
Pablo Zuanic - SIG: Once that normalizes, are on-the-go snacks more profitable compared to the rest of snacks?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Yeah. Yeah. So you think about impulse purchases, convenience channels, there's no reason to believe that these things shouldn't be at least in parity with the rest of our margins. And again, one thing to also point out about the Snacks business, as we've talked about post-DSD, the Snacks' operating margins coming up to the North America average. All those DSD savings in terms of structural savings are still coming through. And so we've got this what I'd say is a medium-term challenge around co-pack single-serve. That will get addressed. But the fundamentals of the business over the, let's call it, latter part of next year should be right on track. We just got a little bit of delay as we work through this co-pack issue.
Pablo Zuanic - SIG: Understood, thank you.
John Renwick, CFA - Kellogg Co.: Operator, I think we are out of time for any more questions. I will be around all day if anyone has any further follow-up questions.
Operator: This conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John Renwick - Kellogg Co. Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co. Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.
Analysts: Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co. Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Pablo Zuanic - SIG
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Thank you. Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for the Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick - Kellogg Co.: Thank you, Gary. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our second quarter 2018 results. I am joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Fareed Khan, our Chief Financial Officer. Slide 2 shows our usual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance including earnings per share, net sales, profit margins, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, August 9. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And now, I'll turn it over to Steve and slide number 3.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased with how our 2018 is going. Our top-line performance is clearly improving. If you exclude the mechanical impact of our DSD exit, we delivered a fourth consecutive quarter of organic net sales growth. And our in-market performance is improving as well. We delivered on our financial expectations for Q2 and the first half, even as we significantly boosted brand building investment and managed through cost inflation and other challenges. More importantly, our progress toward returning to long-term sustainable growth continued. Firstly, our big brands are back in growth. Pringles is growing across the globe in the United States, in Europe, in Latin America and in Asia Pacific. Other snack brands, like Cheez-It and Rice Krispies Treats, have sustained strong consumption growth, even in the aftermath of our transition out of DSD. Brands like Bear Naked and RXBAR continue to expand. Frozen Foods brands, Eggo and Morningstar Farms, continue to grow consumption, even as they lap last year's strong acceleration. Around the world, we're growing brands like Coco Pops, Froot Loops, Crunchy Nut and Krave, all through effective brand building activity. Even Special K and Kashi Cereals, which had been down sharply in recent years, are making strong improvements in their consumption and share trends. Second, we're investing for the future. We increased our advertising and consumer promotion, what we call brand building, at a double-digit rate again in Q2, just as we said we would. This investment, along with investments we are making in new pack formats, speaks to the quality of our earnings and to how serious we are about getting our brands back in sustainable growth. Meanwhile, we also invested cash in our pension funds, making a voluntary contribution to mitigate potential risk in the future and to take advantage of a changing corporate tax rate this year. And we're integrating and executing well on recent acquisitions, including RX and our newly consolidated West Africa business. Both of these entities improve the growth profile of our portfolio. And thirdly, we're increasing our full year 2018 sales and earnings guidance. It's gratifying to see our top-line come in better than anticipated in the first half, giving us the ability to reinvest in the business and still deliver strong earnings growth, even before the tax benefits of U.S. tax reform and pension contribution. It's also gratifying to see our acquisitions performing well right out of the gate, giving us new platforms for future growth. We know we've got a lot of work yet to do, but Q1 and Q2 results, as well as our full year guidance, should give you confidence that we're on the right track. Let me now turn it over to Fareed, who will walk you through the specifics of our Q2 and our first half financials. Fareed?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Slide 4 summarizes our results for the second quarter. It was another good quarter, characterized by improving consumption and sales trends, as well as the substantial reinvestment that began back in Q4 of 2017. Our net sales, obviously, got a lift from our RX acquisition and recent consolidation of Multipro, our West Africa distributor. And both of these businesses sustained their strong growth rates in Q2. We also realized organic growth outside the negative and mechanical impact of the DSD exit. And I'll come back to this in the moment. We had signaled a few months ago that operating profit would be down year-on-year in Q2, excluding the acquisition impact of newly consolidated Multipro. This was because of our plans to significantly increase our brand building and we did exactly that. It leaves our OP at a low single-digit growth for the first half, which is when our brand investment is the most heavily weighted this year. And on EPS, we posted another quarter of double-digit growth. Higher interest expense related to our recent acquisitions was more than offset by tax rate favorability. Most of this was due to U.S. tax reform, but we also recorded some additional favorability related to making a voluntary cash contribution to our pension funds, taking advantage of being able to deduct at the higher pre-reform U.S. corporate tax rate. I should note that we continue to deliver on cash flow. We're comparing against a year ago that was recast for accounting changes, reclassifying certain cash collections to a different section of the cash flow statement. But even excluding that reclassification, our cash flow has been strong enough to enable us to make a $250 million voluntary pension contribution. And excluding both of these items, to be more apples-to-apples, our cash flow is up year-on-year through Q2. So we like where we stand midway through the year. Let's examine the results in a little bit more detail. Slide 5 walks you through the components of net sales growth in the quarter and the first half. Excluding currency, our net sales grew more than 6% year-on-year. Two acquisitions contributed almost 7 points of growth. We began consolidating Multipro in May, giving us two months of its results in our second quarter. That business continues to grow at a strong double-digit rate. The other acquisition, of course, was RX, which was acquired in October of last year. It, too, continues to post strong double-digit growth in the quarter. On an organic basis, our sales were off slightly year-on-year in the second quarter, leaving us up slightly for the first half. Keep in mind that for the first half, this organic growth was pulled down by about 2 percentage points by the mechanical impact of last year's DSD exit, specifically the rationalization of SKUs and the elimination of the price premium we used to charge for DSD services. As discussed previously, this impact was a larger negative in Q2 than Q1, solely because of the very different year-on-year comparisons. So if we strip this DSD impact out, we've now posted 2% organic growth in both the first and second quarters. This gives us four consecutive quarters of underlying organic growth on this basis. It's an indication that our strategy is gaining traction. Let's turn to our profit margins, starting with gross margin on slide 6. It's helpful to break our gross margin decline into three buckets. Let's start with the first bucket, which is the mechanical impacts of our DSD exit and the consolidation of Multipro. The DSD impact, we've discussed many times, but as a reminder, it's effectively a reset of our gross margins in U.S. Snacks related to our exit from DSD. This includes the downward adjustment to our selling price to reflect no longer charging for DSD services and the shift between line items on the P&L. Specifically, there's the movement of logistics out of SG&A, where they reside in DSD accounting, and into cost of goods, where logistics costs reside in warehouse distribution. These factors mostly anniversaried at the end of July here in Q3. The impact of consolidating Multipro was new this quarter. As a distributor, Multipro carries a lower gross margin than the rest of our business. We're more than okay with that because it's not cannibalistic to our base business and owning a distributor is a significant competitive advantage for us in emerging markets like West Africa. It also drives strong dollar growth. And remember, within our West Africa investments, we also own a stake in a branded manufacturer and joint ventures for Kellogg branded products. These carry strong packaged food margins, but only the distributor portion is currently consolidated into our results. We'll have this mechanical impact from including Multipro for three more quarters. The second bucket is growth-related. By growing our volume, we did see some positive gross margin impact from operating leverage. However, this acceleration in volume also participated in an acceleration in mix shifts that negatively impact our gross margin percentage, a mix shift towards emerging markets, for example, and away from developed markets cereal. We also experienced a mix shift towards single-serve formats. Now, given their price-pack architecture, you'd expect these single-serve items to be margin accretive, but we've utilized co-packers for many of them in order to get to the market as quickly as possible. This is a smart way to go. And now that demand has been established, our supply chain can catch up to our investing capacity, which will improve margins going forward. These various mix shifts mainly reflect where our business is coming from, where growth is coming from. We've been leaning into them for top-line growth. Not only is it working, but these shifts haven't been cannibalistic. In-all, a big impact in Q2, but less going forward, and we're addressing some longer-term profitability opportunities within many of these mix shifts. Meanwhile, there is also a contribution to mix from a year-ago promotional comparisons that will be behind us in the second half. For instance, promotional activity is back to normal for Pringles Europe. And U.S. Snacks will start to lap its own pullback in promotions last year. The final bucket is ongoing, our costs versus our productivity. The surge in transportation costs has been well documented. We've also seen an increase in inflation for many other cost inputs. We're managing through these. And in Q2, like Q1, we were able to largely offset their impact on margin with our productivity savings. But as this inflation moves higher, we're obviously going to go further on savings programs and on Revenue Growth Management in order to offset it. Bottom line, there's some good reasons for the year-on-year decrease in our gross profit margin percentage in Q2. We'll lap the DSD impact here in Q3 and the Multipro impact in a few quarters and our mix impact related to our growing businesses and we'll have some supply chain solutions for this. That leaves ongoing cost inflation, where we'll continue to manage through with productivity and Revenue Growth Management initiatives. Our operating profit margin is shown on slide 7. Operating profit margin decreased year-on-year in Q2, principally reflecting a strong double-digit investment in brand building. This is a third straight quarter of double-digit increases in brand building. A large portion of this increase was in U.S. Snacks, where our exit from DSD has effectively traded declining ROI overhead for higher ROI brand investment. We've also increased brand building at double digit rates in several other businesses and regions. And while we're investing more, we're also being very selective about where and how we are investing. Clearly, it's already having a positive impact on our top-line performance and we'll continue to lean into reinvesting, where appropriate. Masked by this increase in brand building is a sharp reduction in overhead, mainly related to the DSD exit, but also reflecting good cost disciplines and Project K savings. So Q2 was a quality quarter, marked by improving top-line and heavy reinvestment for future growth and even overcoming unexpected headwinds, like the trucker strike in Brazil. This gives us good confidence in our full year outlook. In fact, as shown on slide 8, we are raising the key elements of our financial guidance for the year. We're raising our guidance for currency neutral net sales, now looking for growth of 4% to 5% year-on-year. We still expect acquisitions, RXBAR and Multipro, to account for 4 to 6 percentage points of growth and both are performing very well. Organic sales are now expected be flat to down 1%, an improvement of about a percentage point from our previous guidance. Driving this improvement is essentially our first half over-delivery and we continue to take a prudent view towards our second half, especially given the tougher comps we face in European Pringles, U.S. Frozen Foods, and U.S. Snacks, excluding the DSD exit. We should note that the negative DSD impact, which weighs down our organic growth, is largely behind us by mid-Q3. We are reaffirming our guidance for adjusted operating profit growth of 5% to 7% on a currency neutral basis. Less than half of this growth comes from acquisitions, whose outlook is unchanged. The rest of the gain comes from our underlying business, even after a strong increase in brand investment. To some degree, our decision to leave operating profit unchanged is related to our first half mix impact, but it also reflects our desire to maintain the opportunity to reinvest more. We're raising our guidance for currency neutral adjusted earnings per share, adding a couple of percentage points to give us a new range of 11% to 13% off a recast 2017 EPS base of $4.00 per share. This increase in EPS guidance is because we are reducing our outlook for tax rate to about 18% to 19%, reflecting Q2's tax benefit from our voluntary pension contribution. While our underlying cash generation remains on track, the pension contribution does lead to a reduction in our cash flow outlook. This is an investment that not only offers a tax benefit for us this year, but also reduces pension risk over time, so it's a good use of cash. Separately, we're also increasing our capital expenditure plan for the year by almost $50 million to fund promising growth initiatives, such as capacity for single-serve pack formats and for emerging markets. These are high return investments. In summary, a good second quarter that leaves us in a strong financial shape as we head into the second half. As you think about the split between Q3 and Q4, keep in mind two important factors. Q3 not only compares against our strongest profit performance last year, a strong double-digit gain, but we also have brand investments to Q3 that was not previously in our plan. So Q3's operating profit may be flattish, while Q4 should be up strongly as it laps last year's sizable ramp-up in brand building. And with that, let me turn it back over to Steve to walk through our businesses.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Fareed. Let's start with U.S. Snacks, which is shown on slide number 9. The first thing to note is that we remain ahead of plan on net sales. Yes, Q2's decline was larger than Q1's, but remember that Q1 and Q2 had decidedly different year-ago comparisons on DSD impact. As Fareed mentioned, Q1 compared against a small year-ago net disruption, while Q2 compared against a small year-ago net benefit from pipeline fill. We're actually ahead of where we thought we'd be and we've now recorded four straight quarters of year-on-year growth, excluding this DSD impact. We're also pleased with where we are from a consumption standpoint. Across all our categories, we saw another quarter of increased velocities, which we've always said would be our lead indicator of improved competitiveness as we get through the initial 12 months of transition. And as the slide shows, we are also improving our share performance in each category. Pringles sustained its strong growth in Q2, led by our core flavors and immediate consumption pack formats. In wholesome snacks, we recorded another quarter of double-digit consumption growth, led by Rice Krispies Treats and driven by innovation and advertising so effective that we are presently constrained on capacity. In crackers, we moved into year-on-year consumption growth in Q2, led by accelerated growth in our biggest brand, Cheez-It. And we're seeing improvement in cookies performance as well, with consumption growth in newly supported brands like Keebler Fudge Shoppe, Mother's and Famous Amos. Meanwhile, our operating profit growth and operating profit margin expansion continued in Q2, even amidst substantially increased levels of investment, so another good quarter. So we're delivering on what we promised when we exited DSD. We've got a stronger line-up on-shelf after weeding out tail SKUs and we're seeing improved velocities as a result. Our brands are significantly better supported today. We can now afford to more fully support power brands like Pringles, Cheez-It, and Rice Krispies Treats. And we can afford, for the first time in years, to support other key brands in our portfolio, brands like Keebler Fudge Shoppe, Nutri-Grain and Special K Bars. In recent months, we have embarked on the final phase of the project, creating a single retail sales force across our U.S. Snacks and U.S. Morning Foods divisions. This single retail force will be less encumbered by driving time, enabling more time in stores, and it will leverage the benefits of scale. In short, one year after the DSD exit, U.S. Snacks remains right on track financially and with a business that is now more competitive, generating improved top-line growth and it is more profitable than ever. Now, let's turn to U.S. Morning Foods in slide number 10. Morning Foods' performance in Q2 was similar to Q1. Profit was down, as expected, due, in large part, to increased investment, negative operating leverage and among its tougher comparisons of the year. Net sales decreased at a similar pace as Q1, continuing its moderation this year from last year's decline. But behind these numbers is real progress. Our share of the cereal category stabilized with our Core 6 cereal brands collectively resuming share growth in the quarter. The cereal category has cut its declines in half from last year, but history shows that it needs more and better health and wellness innovation and communication to get back into growth. We've been busy in this area and we're pleased with our early progress. Special K continued to grow consumption and share in the quarter, as we tout its inner strength positioning. Raisin Bran returned to consumption and share growth as we launched new food, Raisin Bran Crunch with Bananas, and supported it with advertising that highlights Raisin Bran's health attributes. Similarly, Mini-Wheats stabilized its share in the quarter, with new food and communication that emphasizes its satiety and fiber. We also made some headway in the taste fun segment, with both Frosted Flakes and Froot Loops increasing consumption and share, both aided by innovation that is driving base consumption. Looking ahead to the second half, our outlook for Morning Foods has not changed. We still expect to see profit pressured by increased investment this year, but with a continuing moderation in sales declines as we work toward stabilizing this business. We've got a strong pipeline of innovation and solid plans for brand building and in-store activity. We like the way our brands are starting to respond. There's still more work to do across more of our brands, but we're on the right track. Turning to slide number 11, U.S. Specialty Channels continues to post top-line growth reliably. We recorded growth in most of our channels. Vending was up strongly, as was Girl Scouts. And convenience was up solidly in the quarter as well. Their performance was only partially offset by a modest decline in our sales to foodservice, driven by K-12 schools and military, but offset by growth in commercial restaurants and other channels. Importantly, we continue to compete well, with share gains in more than half of our biggest categories in each of our major channels. As we have told you on previous earnings calls, Specialty Channels' operating profit in 2018 is forecast to be uncharacteristically down year-on-year, due to changes we made this year in the allocation of costs from other U.S. segments. This is not related to any change in the underlying business, which remain solid. We have strong plans for the second half, and we expect 2018 to be another year of dependable performance from Specialty Channels, though we do now have to lap last year's unusually strong FEMA orders during the major hurricanes of late Q3 and early Q4. Let's turn to slide number 12 and our North America Other segment. This segment turned in another quarter of exceptional net sales and operating profit growth, sustaining its performance from Q1. Obviously, the acquisition and rapid growth of RX accounts for most of this net sales growth. In Q2, like Q1, its net sales were up significantly and consumption continued to rise sharply, as we expand distribution within existing and new channels. We've been modifying our Kids bars line and launched a new line of Nut Butters. We continue to see the benefits of maintaining RX's independence and entrepreneurial approach as well as the benefits of RX's access to Kellogg's considerable resources. We'll leverage this new growth platform more and more in the future. In our Frozen Foods business, we continued to post solid sales and consumption growth, even as we started to lap last year's sharp acceleration late in the quarter. Eggo gained share, aided by the successful relaunch of our Thick & Fluffy sub-line. And Morningstar Farms also continued to gain share, sustaining double-digit consumption growth behind its core grilling items. Frozen foods are on trend and we have strong brands and solid commercial plans to continue to grow, even as we face tougher comps in the second half. Elsewhere in North America Other, our Kashi business is steadily improving its performance. Its cereal consumption continues to outpace the category in the natural channel and it is growing consumption and share in the traditional measured channels as well. Bear Naked Granola sustained its strong momentum, but this quarter it was joined by the Kashi brand, which returned to consumption growth. In Canada, we posted growth in sales and gained share and most of our categories. Overall, we expect continued growth for North America Other, led by RX's continued expansion and Frozen Foods growth, even as we start to lap tougher comparisons in the second half. So that rounds out Kellogg North America. As you can see on slide number 13, we truly are seeing improved top-line performance in North America; more work to do, of course, but certainly heading in the right direction. Now let's move to our international businesses, starting with Europe on slide number 14. Europe had a solid quarter, marked by strong top-line growth and higher operating profit, in spite of a very large increase in brand investment. Pringles, again, led the way, continuing to rebound from last year's disruption of normal promotions in some markets and even growing at a high single-digit rate versus the same quarter of two years ago. Notable in the quarter was media and strong execution of in-store activity around soccer, which provided strong impressions and consumption uplift. Our cereal trends continue on an improved track from last year. Key to this, of course, has been the stabilization of our UK cereal business, which gained share again in Q2. Importantly, we have meaningfully improved the performance of Special K across the region, with share stable and even growing again in certain markets. Once again, emerging markets were a driver of the Europe region's net sales growth for both cereal and snacks. This was led by Egypt, Russia, and the Middle East. So Europe is in good shape as we go into the second half. Markets remain challenging, particularly in Continental Europe. And we do face tougher comps in the second half on Pringles, but we have gotten key elements of our business stabilized and we've built momentum in others. We feel good about the year for Europe. Let's turn to Latin America on slide number 15. Latin America's net sales growth accelerated in Q2, despite the trucking strike in Brazil, which essentially halted shipments for close to two weeks. The good news is that shipments have recovered there, but more impressively, in spite of this disruption, we still grew net sales in Brazil in Q2. Parati continued to grow consumption in share in cookies and crackers in Brazil. And we continue to post double-digit growth for Pringles, both in Brazil and elsewhere in our Mercosur sub-region. Meanwhile, we experience continued momentum in Mexico, our largest market. For Mexico, this marked a ninth straight quarter of year-on-year net sales growth, even accelerating this quarter. Our consumption and share gains accelerated in cereal and we generated good snacks growth, led by Pringles. We also continued to see good recovery in our Caribbean Central America unit and stabilization in the difficult Colombia market. Aiding our growth acceleration, but holding back operating profit in the quarter, was a substantial increase in brand building investment. We also incurred meaningful one-off costs related to disruption from the truckers' strike in Brazil. We feel good about how our Latin America business is trending. Top-line growth and consumption growth is solid. And we expect to see better profit performance in the second half. And finally, let's take a look at our Asia Pacific region, shown on slide 16. This was another very strong quarter for this region. Obviously, our reported results were boosted by the consolidation of Multipro. Not only did this add two months of its total sales, but its underlying growth remains strongly in the double digits. This is a terrific business and it has a long runway of growth. It should also be mentioned that Dufil, the manufacturing arm of our West Africa business, also had another strong quarter, though its results are not consolidated into our sales and profit. However, even excluding Multipro, which we treat as an acquisition, our organic net sales growth in Asia Pacific was plus 5% in the quarter and it was broad-based across the region. Emerging markets cereal grew at a high single-digit rate, with double-digit growth in our India business. Pringles continued its strong and consistent growth trajectory, up high single digits in Q2. And Australia grew net sales for the quarter, driven by cereal consumption growth. This growth produced another double-digit gain in operating profit, even on an organic basis and despite increased brand building investment. So Asia Pacific is firing on all cylinders right now. Slide number 17 offers a summary of our top-line performance by our three international regions. Don't lose sight of the growing importance of our international regions and the strong growth they're now generating. Within this international growth, we've got momentum and further opportunity for Pringles. We're expanding in granola in all three regions. We're launching wholesome snacks in Asia. And we've stabilized cereal in core markets like the UK and Australia. And within this international growth, we've got emerging markets growing at a high single-digit rate organically, with growth in both cereal and snacks. And this emerging markets' growth doesn't even include our West Africa business, which itself grew organically at a strong double-digit clip. So we see continued growth to come for these international regions. So allow me to summarize with slide number 18. We feel very good about the progress we've made this year, and the results plainly reflect this progress. Our portfolio is more growth-oriented today and we're seeing strong contributions from newly acquired RX in North America and newly consolidated Multipro in Nigeria. Both are strong double-digit growers today and growth platforms for many years ahead. Our top-line growth is improving, both on a reported and on an organic basis. It's improving in North America and growing year-on-year, if you exclude the impact of the DSD exit. And we're solidly in growth in all three of our international regions. Hence, we're raising our full year guidance for net sales. Our in-market performance is improving. We've restored strong growth in Pringles around the world. We're improving our velocities in post-DSD U.S. Snacks and showing share gains on supported brands. We've stabilized each of our developed cereal markets, including slowing our declines in the U.S. and we've stabilized our biggest global cereal brand, Special K. Meanwhile, we've sustained strong consumption growth in our Frozen Foods' categories. Driving this enhanced competitiveness are better commercial ideas supported by another quarter of double-digit increases in our advertising and consumer promotion investment. This investment is working because of the caliber of the ideas and the strength of our execution. And we've got more consumer excitement coming in the second half. Even as we lean into growth, we're reaffirming our guidance for operating profit growth. We're also raising our earnings guidance. This is the result of taking advantage of changing tax rates and making a pension contribution that reduces risk and raises returns going forward. We're delivering strong double-digit earnings growth, even in a year in which we are ramping up investment, so a good first half with strong plans for the second half. We're firmly on track toward achieving the balance we strive for over time, the sustainable balance between top-line growth and margin expansion that can deliver attractive and consistent total shareowner returns for you. The success of our Deploy for Growth strategy depends on our people being a competitive advantage. And it is our dedicated employees who are making this progress happen through their hard work and through their creativity. And with that, we'd be happy to take any questions you might have.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Morning. Thank you.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Morning, Michael.
Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co.: I was wondering if you could just touch on some of the bigger drivers of your revised higher organic revenue growth outlook. And specifically, maybe touch on two things; one, how much of it is the first half that's behind you versus how much you see in further momentum ahead? And then just specifically as well, Latin America had 13% volume growth. That's the highest I can see in any segment in years and years. Despite the Brazil strike, I know you had the easy comp from a couple things last year, but how sustainable is that? And what should we expect looking ahead there?
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Michael. I'll start, and I'll let Fareed build on it. But as I said, we're pleased with our first half performance, right on track to deliver the full year and the full year guidance. As we look at our net sales performance, we are pleased with what's happening in North America with the stabilization of our cereal business, Special K in particular, which if you look back in time, Special K had been a double-digit decliner, and it's back into stabilization in all Core 4 markets. And it's gaining share as well, so that's been very good. We're going to see RXBAR continue to grow. That'll be part of our organic growth as we get into November and December. Multipro is inorganic, obviously, but across all of our regions we see good, steady performance continuing through the second half. As you look at each region, there's different comps. So Europe has a more difficult comp coming into the second half. Latin America has a little bit more of a different comp coming into the second half. U.S. Snacks ex-DSD, obviously, that noise is now kind of behind us. So it's a mix of various things that add up to us being confident in being able to deliver the new guidance top-line. Fareed, you want to...?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Sure. Yeah. What I'd add is, again, if you take out the DSD impact and you look at Q1 and Q2, our organic growth rate in both those quarters was right around 2%, and underpinning that is pretty broad-based growth across our whole portfolio. So Asia, strong growth; Latin America, as you pointed to – and if you double-click on Latin America, you actually do see strong growth across all the regions there. The recent Parati acquisition that we made in Brazil is still growing double digits. And they've weathered the trucking strike, despite the headwinds that, as you could expect, would come with that. And then to Steve's point about Europe, in the first half, we were lapping some of the challenges around the price increases we were putting through the market and the retailer disruption. And with that also came a pullback in promotions that are relevant for our year-on-year gross margin comps. And Europe is coming back strongly. The Pringles business in Europe has had a phenomenal run, helped in part by some good promotions around soccer. And cereal, as we talked about in Q1, we're seeing that business stabilize and very encouraging trends. And in the U.S., we're in four growth categories. And the R-tech (33:40) category has significantly improved in terms of its sequential consumption performance. And we like what we see in velocities. We like what we're seeing in share growth now across the brands, and these are very broad-based. So the outlook reflects how we're running, very encouraging signs kind of at the brand level in terms of how we're performing in market. But it's still early days. And I think we're taking a prudent approach to the second half, recognizing some of the tougher comps we'll have in Europe, in U.S. Snacks coming out of DSD. And also our Frozen business has been very strong, really accelerated towards the end of last year, and we factored that into the outlook as well.
Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Morning, Ken.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Hey, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I have one question. What are the key opportunities for you to take pricing to offset some of the higher transportation and freight costs? Can you talk about and give some examples of how you're doing in price-pack architecture, if you're taking list pricing, how you're compensating for the rise in transportation and freight costs? Thanks.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Ken. I always like say that good suppliers and manufacturers earn price. They don't take price. And we're working very hard to earn price. One of the things we mentioned around kind of the margin compression was single-serve, and so we're driving much more single-serve than we have in the past. Now, our supply chain has got to catch up to that. So we'll, first and foremost, look to productivity to cover all of our input costs, including transportation inflation and so forth, and Revenue Growth Management to make up the balance of it. And we see good opportunities to continue to do that. Eggo is a good example, Eggo Thick & Fluffy, where we relaunched that line with new packaging, which was much more premium in nature with a new additional food, which was double chocolate. And we got a 12% increase in price and it worked for everybody. It worked for the consumer because they absolutely love the product. It had almost zero elasticity. It worked for the retailer extremely well because it's a higher ring on the same margin for them. It works well for us. And so those are the types of examples as we think about an inflationary environment, what can we do to add more value to our brands so that we can earn more price in the marketplace? So start with continued productivity to cover as much as we possibly can and earn price on the way back, so that we can continue to expand our margins over time and continue to grow our top-line and strike that right balance.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you very much.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Larson with Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Oh, yes. Thanks, everyone. Getting to kind of the gross margin, you talked about the gross margin cadence, the adverse mix was an issue in the quarter and you are going to be taking up some CapEx to get some capacity in for what would normally be higher-margin product. Can you give us what that impact could potentially be in terms of recovery of gross margins as that mix starts to improve with some better capacity that can capture that?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Sure. It's Fareed. Thanks for the question. Let me just remind the drivers, because there are sort of three main buckets. The most significant factor in gross margin was the mechanical effective of the DSD and the Multipro, right. And those will cycle through DSD this quarter and then Multipro will have a few more quarters. So that's sort of a mechanical impact that just reflects those areas. The other thing I'd point out is that again in Q2, we were able to offset pretty significant cost inflation, especially around logistics, but also in other areas through efficiencies and productivity. And so don't read into our margin that somehow we've got sort of crushed by inflation. It is a watch-out going forward, and I think that's where some of the RGM thinking comes into it. And then you kind of get into the core. And there's a set of things where we pulled back on some promotions last year in Europe because of the price negotiations, as we were working through those. And also in snacks, as we were in the middle of DSD and so lapping those is part of the headwind. And then the other part, as you pointed out, was just mix. And so emerging markets, we're seeing really strong growth and that has an effect. And the multi-pack and the single-serve, really seeing strong growth there, which is terrific over time because we are under-indexed on those on-the-go formats and so it's a great broader opportunity. It just came much faster than we were expecting, frankly. And so we had been using third-party co-packers. We had to soft of adjust very quickly from a supply chain perspective and it, frankly, caught us a little bit off guard in terms of having the process optimization, having the automation in our facilities. And we've got investments against that. We're accelerating it. Over time, those'll be margin accretive, as you would expect. Short-term, it's a headwind. So those are the main factors. And so as we look at our gross margin performance, I think all of these things over time are addressable, some very mechanical, and I think others just from a mix perspective is what we saw in this particular quarter.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then, just to quickly update us, the Project K savings, are they hitting full stride now this year in 2018, or is it 2019 that they actually get full stride with where you don't really have any more reinvestment? Can you just give us a quick cadence on how the Project K winds down and when we get full benefit of that?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Absolutely. I think the headline is that Project K is absolutely delivering against our expectations. And so all the prior guidance we've given around that project is still very much intact. 2018 is the last year of the investments, if you will, whether it's restructuring costs or some of the CapEx that's associated with that. However, we still have some savings that we've talked about half coming in 2018, and a little more than half in 2018, and the remainder coming in 2019. So we're going to see the upfront costs, the investments finish this year, but we've got another year in 2019 of benefits that we'll wrap. And the most significant item this year was the DSD exit that was part of it, and it was a very significant driver. And you will see that a little bit now, but even more so as we get into the second half of how that is impacting our Snacks business, and the significant reduction in overhead, and then the associated operating profit margin expansion in that business.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. I wanted ask about implied guidance for the bottom line in the second half. The comparison's easier, and I know you've talked about tougher top line comparisons, but the EPS, unless I'm reading it wrong on a pro forma basis trend, got a little better, or it gets a little better for you in the back half. So I'm just trying to get a sense, if I had think of the drivers that are preventing the bottom line from being better in the back half, you mentioned a few things. You mentioned FEMA shipments, higher tax, more investments, things like that. I just wanted to get a sense. If you had to order in magnitude some of those, maybe call them, headwinds, could you help us out with that a little bit, just so we understand a little bit why guidance maybe isn't a little bit better for EPS, given that sales guidance was raised?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Yeah. So I think part of that, Ken – it's Fareed – is, I think, the investments that we've been making on brand building. I think if you go back to the Q4, we talked about putting $50 million in Q4 of incremental investment, and another $50 million over Q1 and Q2, and we've actually put more than that against the business. And the logic is, we're actually seeing the results in-market and feel good about the ROIs and the results that are being generated from that. I think the mix shifts that we talked about, those we can address over time. In the short-term, it takes a while to get process automation, sort through some of the supply chain. So I think there's some of that tail's going to come into place. And then, you're right about, you mentioned the hurricane laps, as well as some of the tougher comps we talked about in Europe, as well as Snacks, and a little bit in Frozen. There's a little bit of higher interest expense, as well. We took on some additional debt for RXBAR and the Multipro acquisitions, very manageable levels of debt, but that factors in, as well. And then if you step back, we still want to take a prudent approach, right? We really like what we're seeing in the top line. We've been able to cover inflation with savings initiatives for the first half. But as we look forward, we don't see those pressures abating, and we're probably likely to be more in an inflationary environment. Now, we've got RGM levers and other things that we'll put against that, but we'll have to see how those play out. So I think those are the factors. And then the Q3, Q4 phasing is really all about the timing of brand building last year versus this year, as the most significant factors.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: And, Ken, if I can just add to that. We're in a good place as we sit here at the half-year margin, and I think Fareed outlined mechanically very well how we think about the back half of the year. But we're here at the half-year able to say that some of our big brands are growing. And they're growing because of this type of investment that we're putting behind them. And it's a great place to be able to talk about Pringles, Cheez-It, Rice Krispies Treats, Eggo, Morningstar Farms, RX, Bear Naked, Frosted Flakes, Froot Loops, all growing, all these are big brands. And on their way, Kashi much better performing than it has been historically, as well as Special K, which was a huge leaky bucket, now stabilized. So we said we wanted to restore and increase brand building investment in order to drive the top line, and we are seeing that happening. So at the half-year, we're taking a prudent approach for the rest of the year, but we like where we are.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, thank you. I was trying to tease out the DSD impact on your pricing in North America. And I think what I get to is that your pricing was flat in North America if we exclude that impact. Is that what we should expect for the rest of the year for North America as well or is there any new pricing that you think you have to put through in order to deal with the higher cost environment?
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, Robert, thanks for the question. For competitive reasons, we don't want to give a blueprint to everybody, so we have not been disclosing the impact of price. You can see overall what's happened in terms of the savings coming through. We're not charging for the DSD component anymore, but we're competitive on price and we like where the brands are priced. We like the velocity that we're seeing in the market, and the DSD savings that we had planned are all coming through.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: I'd just add there's pricing considerations in everything that we do, so as we're launching products, as we're thinking about price-pack architecture, as we're thinking about reformulations, all those are opportunities into how we think about it. Rice Krispies Treats with single-serve formats, the Eggo Thick & Fluffy example I think we used in the last quarter, all ways where you can really bring value to consumers and to the channel and, as Steve said, earn it that way. Now that said, this is something we've got to continue to consider in the context of what's likely to be continued inflationary pressures. And that's absolutely not lost on us and the importance that that could have. So that's about the level of detail we feel comfortable kind of getting into on this call.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Can I ask a follow-up about this mix impact and just like is there a way to quantify what it represents going forward? I mean, how much business are you introducing into the market that's like single-serve, new format business? Is it $100 million, $200 million of business? Is there a way to think of it that way?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: So the first thing I would do is I'd think about the country mix, right, and you think about just the strong growth that we're seeing in emerging markets, and so that's a factor. Other brands that are also growing strongly have an effect. The cereal category is one of our stronger margin businesses. And then, you get into these more kind of short-term things that we've been facing around just very specific single-serve, multi-pack type of formats, and that's something that's very addressable because, inherently, these are very attractive margin profile types of opportunities. And that's just a matter of kind of aligning our supply chain and fulfillment. And, frankly, that's where we've been seeing a lot of growth, not solely, but that's been a stronger growth area than we have expected. And the other factor which is going to solve itself over time, too, is just the year-over-year differences in promotional types of investments that hit margin as well, where last year we pulled back in a couple of key businesses for different reasons, but as we lap those, that's a headwind, but those will start to normalize as well.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you and good morning, everybody.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Morning, David.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Morning.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I had one follow-up question and then a question on RX. The follow-up is just on your snack DSD exit. I really appreciate the comments about improvements in velocities on slide 9, but can you translate what that means for sales growth in the back half of the year, Q3 and Q4, now that you've lapped the exit? So that's the follow-up piece. And then on RX, it's a really interesting business, but can you give us some numerical numbers, some numerical figures on this operation? I think it's $120 million in revenues, maybe growing 30%, but I'm really interested, Steve, where you see this brand going, and are you worried about competition? I think some people have launched similar products. How do you defend the business? And just really curious about your thoughts on the size and opportunity ahead for RX.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah. Thanks for the question, David. I think in terms of the Snacks business, I think I'd be comfortable if you look at what the category is doing. We should be able to keep up with the category kind of as a basic level to think about. Ex-DSD, we do have some tougher comps coming in the second half, which you'll take note of, but we're through the DSD transition, by and large. I think the team has done an exceptional job at what was a very, very complex undertaking, and we like where the brands are. We mentioned Rice Krispies Treats is really on fire, and we're having a hard time even keeping up with production of that. And the big brands, Cheez-It, back in growth. Pringles wasn't part of DSD, but Pringles growing nicely. So we like where the brands are, but if you think about just where the category is, we should grow with the category or better as we think about on a long-term go-forward basis. In terms of RXBAR, RXBAR's consumption is up triple digits. It's a very strong brand. In terms of measured Nielsen share, it's gone up substantially, more than doubling from year-over-year. It's the fastest growth in the category and is doing exceptionally well with consumers and even as it grows distribution. In terms of competition, whenever you have something that is as special as RXBAR, as successful as RXBAR, you're going to get a lot of me-too's. And we are seeing that happen. We're not seeing any that are gaining traction right now, but we are far, far from complacent. Peter Rahal and his team are doing just a fantastic job continuing to build loyalty with consumers. They have just a passionate, passionate consumer base. It's a very authentic product. It's seen as real. And it's the first one kind of in this space. And it's always tough as a marketer to come up and copy something and get the same level of authenticity. So not at all complacent, always thinking about the competitive environment, but driving very, very hard around innovation with: the Kids line, which is out now; the Nut Butter line, which is just launching. And the business continues to show tremendous velocity and great innovation and great loyalty with consumers. So we like the business a lot. We like where it can go in the United States. In the back half of this year and early next year, you'll see us introduce it in European markets and in Canada, so we think the brand can travel as well. And we're just very, very pleased with the acquisition. And we're very, very pleased with the team and all they've done to continue to grow that brand in such a substantial way.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just to follow up on all the gross margin commentary you put out there and some of the Q&A, you mentioned co-packer mix, the single-serve, the emerging market mix versus developed market cereal, for instance, weighing on gross margins in addition to the distribution costs. Can you give us a sense of how much of the decline is coming from big buckets, from each of these things and just the general outlook for each? For instance, on emerging markets, obviously, you would intend that to grow long-term at a higher rate. How much of that is going to be a longer-term gross margin drag? Thanks.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Sure. It's Fareed again. I mean, the biggest factor on margin was the mechanical impact of DSD, which was the single largest, and then Multipro. And think about that as sort of two-thirds, if you will. The other piece is what you suggested. And if you kind of parse that out, is that we will expect to see our emerging markets business continue to outpace the core. That's our strategy, and so that dynamic will be a factor. I think some of the quarter-on-quarter promotional differences, those will be behind us. And over time, on the co-packer scenario, as I mentioned, we'll address that. But that's not going to happen in a single quarter, but we're already on that. We started to see that portion of the business really accelerate as we were working our way through Q1, and so it's been on the radar. We've been refocusing some of our investments, and some of the incremental CapEx is going directly at that area. So I think what we'll see is the DSD mechanical impact coming out this quarter. Multipro, we have a little bit more to lap. The emerging markets growth relative to core, that's going be an ongoing factor. And we'll then really be in the how quickly we can get behind sort of the single-serve and multi-pack. And these are great areas to be growing in, because it's we're under-indexed. It's incremental, and it's sort of where the consumer is going. And so it's the right place to be and the right place to grow. We just got to get our supply chain caught up with the demand.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. Steve, at the end of your prepared remarks, you commented on this year, you've had the ability to both grow earnings and reinvest, right? And that's partly from cost savings. The tax rate's also helpful a little bit, I guess. So I guess as we think about the increases in brand building that are now in your budgets for this year, as we look beyond 2018, is that a good base to work with going forward or is that spending sort of up one time and then comes down a little bit or is there room to actually increase it more? So just trying to get an understanding of that brand building base this year, how it's been expanded and how we should think about that going forward.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, thanks for the question, Bryan. I think a couple of things. You should think about the snacks DSD exit as a fundamental reset, which we said we were going to do, to go away from low ROI DSD cost into high ROI brand building investment. So that was a significant reset. On top of that, we've been feeding the brands more to get them back to growth, because we know that the long-term algorithm that we have out there will build significant shareholder value, but you've got to get the top line growing. And all the investments are designed to do exactly that. So broadly speaking, I think you can look at what we've done and say it's never going to be a steady-state, because we're going to continue to take a relentless approach around are we getting the right ROIs, are we spending the right way, and measuring that constantly to make sure that we're getting the right bang for our buck. But we like where it is right now. We'll be dynamic and agile as we go forward in the future, so I won't say it's exactly where it needs to be, plus or minus, but we like where we are a lot better than where we've been with the Snacks reset and a lot more good brand building investment around our biggest brands. And, as I said earlier, it's good to be in a position where we are today, where we can talk at the half-year point about all these big brands growing around the world. And if we can continue that, it's got good positive momentum. And you get the flywheel spinning, and it starts to work and these brands can fund themselves. So broadly speaking, I think we like where we are today. And it was based on a lot of hard work coming out of the DSD transition, as well as a big lean in the fourth quarter of last year and all through this year, actually spending well above the $100 million that we said and above what we had budgeted.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: If I could just add, we are coming at this very much kind of brand by brand and bottom up, and so we're learning a lot about how they're performing. And while we like what we see, there's still, you have certain brands, Cheez-It is a great example, where that growth has really come back strongly. And it's responding very well to the investments. There's other brands that are beginning to turn, but we were still finding that right balance of investment versus return on each of those. And so, that's the level that we're looking at it. And, again, this is new territory because Snacks is in a fundamentally different place than it was a year ago, but the investments behind these seem to be working well in terms of velocity and share. And we like what we see and we'll continue to kind of find that right balance. And I think another quarter or two, we'll learn an awful lot about where the right spot to be is.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
John Renwick - Kellogg Co.: Operator, we've got time for maybe one more quick question.
Operator: And that question will come from Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Please go ahead.
Pablo Zuanic - SIG: Thank you, just a couple questions, so now that you're in a position of strength in the U.S. in snacks, can you talk about the M&A strategy in snacks in the U.S.? I mean, what are the gaps that you need to fill or pretty much you have your hands full with your portfolio and there is no need to add any particular gaps there or cover any gaps? And then the second question, which is related to this, when I think about overseas snacks business to me, it's mostly Pringles. Yes, you can try to export Cheez-It or RXBAR, but the brands are not known there. And it seems to me that STAX with Lay's in the U.S., it's a small equity compared to Pringles, but overseas, it's more of a direct competitor. So if you could just talk about the challenges that Pringles may face overseas in terms of brand and competition and just room to maybe add other brands overseas. I thought you would have made a bid for Tyrrells in the UK that Hersey sold but it seems that you did not. Thanks.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, thank you for the question, Pablo. We think about our M&A strategy holistically. And so, a good guide to the way we think about it would be RXBAR in the U.S. filled a white space for us, doing extremely well. And then developing markets, snacks has been obviously a big focus for us with Pringles. And so, if we see those types of opportunities, we would clearly look at them. And it's a build versus a buy type of thing. So Pringles is doing extremely well all around the world. And we'll continue to drive that, but if we see opportunities that can add shareholder value in the developing markets, we clearly will look at them. Probably more snacks-led in the U.S., more kind of wholesome-led, health and wellness-led and big focus on developing markets, but if we found another RXBAR in a developed markets, we'd clearly be interested in that as well.
Pablo Zuanic - SIG: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to John Renwick for any closing remarks.
John Renwick - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, everyone, for your interest and please feel free to call. I'm around all day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John Renwick, CFA - Kellogg Co. Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co. Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co. Amit Banati - Kellogg Co.
Analysts: David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Please note this event is being recorded. Thank you. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick, CFA - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Gary. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our first quarter 2018 results. I'm joined this morning by: Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; Fareed Khan, our Chief Financial Officer; and Amit Banati, our President of Asia Pacific, who's calling in from Singapore to update you not only on our strong performance and outlook in that region, but also on some exciting news we have in West Africa. Slide number 2 shows our unusual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, profit margins, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, May 10. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. Before we start, please recall that all year-on-year variances discussed today, both for results and outlook, are calculated off a 2017 base that has been recast for Accounting Standards Updates. For your benefit, we issued an 8-K filing on April 19, 2018, that provides all of the recast line items. And now, I'll turn it over to Steve and slide number 3.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We're obviously pleased to report such a strong start to 2018, with growth in net sales, operating profit, earnings per share and cash flow. There are three elements I'd like to emphasize. First, returning to top line growth is a priority for us, and it's gratifying to see so much of our portfolio showing improvement. Our on-trend Frozen Foods business has accelerated its strong growth. In U.S. Snacks, behind the noise of DSD exit impacts, our core brands are gaining share again. And our overall business is increasing its velocities on shelf. And Pringles is growing strongly worldwide. We stabilized our core international developed cereal markets and even showed some improvement. And we've built scale in snacking presence in emerging markets and it's paying off with (2:59) accelerated growth in those markets. Second, we're on track to achieve our full-year guidance. We got off to a strong start in every metric. Our net sales grew ahead of our expected full-year pace. We also improved our operating profit margin. Our productivity initiatives are allowing us both to cover increased cost pressures and deliver on our promise to reinvest behind our brands. Brand building was increased at a strong double-digit rate in Q1 and will be again in Q2, and it's investment behind better consumer ideas. We're truly Deploying for Growth. And third, we continue to make exciting progress on reshaping our portfolio. Parati, the company we acquired in Brazil at the end of 2016, sustained its strong growth in Q1, and it's enabling us to pursue additional revenue and cost synergies in Brazil and South America. RXBAR, acquired in late 2017, also sustained its exceptional growth in Q1, expanding its distribution and now expanding its product line as well. And in West Africa, we are announcing today increased investments that allow us to further capitalize on an enormous growth opportunity and even enable these operations' rapid growth to flow through our financial statements. This will give you better visibility on our expansion in this key emerging market. In fact, it will bring our annual sales in emerging markets from being less than 15% of our company's sales to something closer to 20%. This is yet another example of us Deploying for Growth. We know we still have work to do. For instance, in U.S. Morning Foods and in Kashi snacks, we're busy getting back to basics and investing in what we know can grow. These softer businesses were already incorporated into our guidance, and we have plans to stabilize them as the year progresses. As we go through our results today and our outlook, I hope you'll see why we are so confident that we are on the right track as a company. So let me now turn it over to Fareed, who will walk you through our financials.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Slide 4 summarizes our results for the first quarter. It was a good quarter, demonstrating improved financial performance on all metrics. Net sales grew year-on-year, including on an organic basis. And this continues an improving quarterly trend, and we saw improved performance across most of our portfolio. This certainly gives us increased confidence in the full year. Operating profit grew year-on-year as well, and this great growth came in spite of substantial, planned double-digit increases in brand building. We could afford to do this, of course, because of Project K savings, including our eliminated DSD overhead and because of our top-line growth. And finally, EPS in Q1 increased at a double-digit rate. Specifically, this was $1.23 per share on an adjusted basis, and $1.19 on a currency-neutral adjusted basis. In addition to the growth in operating profit, this EPS growth was aided by U.S. tax reform as well as a separate discrete tax benefit this quarter. But EPS was up solidly, even without that. So a very good start to the year, and let's examine the results in a little bit more detail. Slide 5 walks you through the components of our net sales growth in Q1. Excluding currency, which was a strong positive in the quarter, our net sales grew more than 2% year-on-year. RX, which was acquired in October of last year, contributed 1.6 points of this growth. And this includes not only the sales that we acquired, but also the strong year-on-year growth that this business continued to generate. Steve will talk about that more in a moment. On an organic basis, our sales were up nearly 1% year-on-year, our first organic growth in a few quarters and yet another sign that we are making progress. Keep in mind that this organic growth comes in spite of the impact of last year's DSD exit, specifically SKU rationalization and the elimination of the price premium we used to charge for DSD services. In the quarter, this somewhat mechanical impact was around negative 1.5%, suggesting a third consecutive quarter of sequential improvement in net sales growth, excluding the DSD impact. Even if you account for year-ago comparisons for the smaller year-on-year DSD impact, there's no question that our Q1 sales performance shows that our stepped-up brand building investment is starting to gain traction towards a return to top-line growth. We also continued to improve our operating profit margin, as shown on slide 6. While our gross margin was down year-on-year, this was completely related to the DSD exit. Remember, with the exit from DSD, there are two factors that effectively reset our gross margins in U.S. Snacks. First, there's the downward adjustment to our selling price to reflect no longer charging for DSD services. And second, in a warehouse distribution model, logistics costs reside in COGS, whereas in a DSD model, they were in SG&A. Excluding this dual impact from DSD, we held our gross margin year-on-year. This is a good performance, considering that we're experiencing the sharp rise in freight costs and other pressures that are being felt by many other companies. It reflects our ongoing productivity efforts, our savings for Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting and operating leverage for better top-line performance. Operating profit margin increased by about 40 basis points year-on-year and this includes a substantial double-digit increase in brand building. This ramp up in brand building will continue in Q2 and even a bit into Q3. In fact, we made the decision recently to add some incremental brand building investment over the next couple of quarters, a testament to the quality of the commercial ideas being proposed and the positive impact it's already having on our top-line performance. Rounding out the P&L, our interest expense increased because of debt related to acquiring RX, as well as a shift towards fixed rate debt. Other income declined as we lowered the expected return on assets assumptions for our pension plans, and our effective tax rate benefit from tax reform and a discrete benefit that only affects Q1. And finally, while Q1 is always the slowest quarter of the year for cash flow, it did increase year-on-year in Q1, even excluding the 2017 reclass for accounting changes, so good all-around performance from a financial perspective. Slide 7 shows that we are affirming our full year 2018 guidance for our base business; that is, before the consolidation of our West Africa joint venture. We still expect net sales to be roughly flat on a currency-neutral basis. And there are no changes to the components of this outlook. RXBAR is still expected to contribute about 1 to 1.5 points of sales growth this year. On an organic basis, sales should be down about 1% to 2%, but within this outlook, remember that the DSD impact is still tracking to about down 1% for the full year. Our forecast for adjusted operating profit remains plus 4% to 6% on a currency-neutral basis, even after adding incremental Brand Building investment to what was already a strong year-on-year increase. Adjusted gross margin comes down because of the DSD-related resets in U.S. Snacks, as we've discussed, but excluding this impact, we still believe our productivity and cost savings can offset cost inflation, including increased freight costs. And, of course, our overhead comes down significantly due to the DSD exit, other Project K savings and Zero-Based Budgeting. We continue to project 9% to 11% growth in currency-neutral adjusted EPS, and this is off a recast 2017 base of $4 per share. Recall that this growth is driven by operating profit and by tax reform, net of a couple of negative items: higher interest expense year-on-year, because of debt related to the RX acquisition; and higher interest rates; and the negative impact on other income from a lowered return on asset assumptions on pension. From a phasing standpoint, we expect Q2's operating profit, excluding the West Africa consolidation, to be flat to down year-on-year, owing to some possible sales timing from Q1 and an accelerated increase in Brand Building. This leaves our total first half at modest operating profit growth before it picks up in Q3 and Q4. Meanwhile, we make no change to our full year tax rate, so the remaining quarters' tax rates float up (11:33) after Q1's discrete tax benefit. Cash flow is still expected to be roughly $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion for our underlying business. I do want to point out that we are still contemplating a one-time $200 million to $300 million pre-tax contribution into our pension plans. This would bring down cash flow net of any related tax benefit, but it could also improve earnings. You will recall from our last quarter's earnings call that this is one of the options we were considering for deploying the tax reform cash benefits. And doing it this year means we could still deduct at the pre-reform tax rate, so it makes good financial sense. And we'll let you know when and if we take this opportunity. Now, let's take a look at the financial implications of our increased investments in West Africa, as shown on slide 8. You'll recall that in late 2015, we entered into a relationship with Tolaram in Nigeria. As part of that initial investment, we acquired a 50% stake in Multipro, a major food distributor, and the call option to acquire an indirect stake in Dufil, a major food manufacturer. We also set up a joint venture to manufacture and market cereal and snacks in West Africa and Kellogg noodles in the rest of Africa. The investment we're announcing today is simply a logical progression in this relationship. Specifically, we are investing about $420 million to exercise the call option for the stake in TAF, and to increase our stake in Multipro. These incremental investments had always been contemplated. And it was important, though, that we first learn the business and the market and develop our relationships with our partner, Tolaram. Obviously, we are very pleased with both. And Amit will take you through these businesses in more detail in a moment. The transaction closed on May 2, and we will now consolidate the financials of Multipro, the distributor, into Kellogg's financials going forward. Among other things, this means that we'll see a lift to this year's net sales and operating profit. At current exchange rates, the total 2017 net sales of Multipro were equivalent to approximately $650 million, and its operating profit equated to over $35 million. This adds roughly 3 to 4 points to our currency-neutral net sales growth this year and more than a percentage point to our currency-neutral adjusted operating profit growth. Moving down the P&L, interest expense will go up modestly higher due to funding the investment. Below the tax line, our earnings from unconsolidated entities will no longer include Multipro's earnings, but it will benefit from our new stake in TAF, which includes earnings from the very profitable manufacturing company, Dufil. And on the separate lines for income attributable to noncontrolling interest, we'll now be deducting the minority interest of Multipro's. Net of all of this, we'll see a very slight accretion to adjusted EPS this year. Over time, these investments will contribute to meaningful sales and earnings growth. Obviously, being a distributor business, Multipro carries lower margins, particularly as we remain in an invest-and-expand role, but the growth is exceptional. And with net sales up more than 20% in Q1, none of this is cannibalistic to the rest of our business, we see continued potential. And, more importantly, this gives us an incredible route-to-market that helps us expand our brands across this region. Clearly, this raises the growth of our company. So putting it all together, we get to our updated guidance, as shown on slide 9. Currency-neutral net sales growth gets a lift of 3 to 4 percentage points from Multipro, bringing our Kellogg Company guidance to plus 3% to 4% growth overall. Multipro adds another 1 to 2 points of adjusted operating profit growth, getting us to a 5% to 7% overall on a currency-neutral basis. Together, the accretion of this investment and consolidation is relatively immaterial to adjusted EPS this year, as I mentioned. So our EPS guidance remains at a positive 9% to 11% on a currency-neutral basis, off the recast 2017 adjusted EPS base of $4 per share. Multipro will have an immaterial impact on our cash flow this year, so there's no change to that guidance. With that, let me turn it over to Amit, who will give you an update on the performance and outlook of our Asia Pacific region overall and walk you through the strategic merits of this West Africa investment.
Amit Banati - Kellogg Co.: Thank you, Fareed, and good morning, everyone. Before I discuss our West Africa investment, let me first review the results and outlook for our Asia Pacific region, shown on slide 10. We had a very good quarter. At 6%, our quarter one currency-neutral net sales growth continued a general acceleration that we have seen over the past year, as shown on the chart. Driving this acceleration are three principal factors. The first is growth in emerging markets cereal and, more recently, wholesome snacks across Asia and Africa. We are seeing double-digit growth in markets like India, Southeast Asia, Korea and South Africa. The second factor is our continued expansion of Pringles. In quarter one, we grew Pringles at a double-digit rate, led by growth in emerging markets. And this represented an acceleration from the mid-single-digit growth that the brand has been achieving consistently over the past two years. The final factor is the stabilization of the region's core developed market, Australia. By focusing on the playbook we know wins in cereal, relevant food news combined with effective brand building and excellent in-store execution, we returned to share growth in 2017, and we continued to gain share in quarter one of 2018. The combination of operating leverage from this strong top-line growth with productivity savings from Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting, enabled us to increase brand building investment at a double-digit rate in the quarter and still deliver 17% operating profit growth as well as strong operating margin expansion. And remember, these sales and profit results don't yet include any of our joint ventures. In quarter one, our joint venture in China delivered another quarter of double-digit growth, led once again by e-commerce, which is where we generate almost half of our cereal sales in that market. And in our JVs in West Africa, our quarter one growth was also double-digit once again, which is why we are so excited about our increased investment in these West Africa joint ventures. A couple of years ago, we chose the joint venture structure because it was prudent from a capital at risk standpoint as we moved into a new market with a new partner. But as we got to know our partner, Tolaram, as we gained understanding of the business, and as we saw the great success of our combined business, it became very obvious that this is a long-term relationship worth investing in. Before we get into the strategic merits of these investments, let me clarify the various entities, because I want to convey to you just how strong these assets and operations are. These are shown on slide 11. In each of these, our partner is Tolaram, which has over four decades of experience operating in Nigeria and West Africa. Let's start with Multipro. We've owned a 50% stake in Multipro for the last couple of years, with Tolaram being the other key owner. Multipro is one of the largest distributors in Nigeria and Ghana, with about $650 million in annual sales at current exchange rates. It distributes Dufil's products as well as other brands. What makes Multipro special is that it has an unrivalled distribution and logistics system in Nigeria, which enables availability of products across the country. It also has a powerful consumer activation capability, which has been a critical and proven enabler of building brands in this market. Particularly in emerging markets, there is nothing more important than your go-to-market, and Multipro is the best in that market. By acquiring one-half of its holding company, Tolaram Africa Foods, we now have a stake in Dufil. This is a leading manufacturer and marketer of packaged foods in Nigeria and Ghana, including the number one brand of noodles. Dufil is a well-run company with excellent growth prospects and very strong profitability. Finally, KT (sic) [KTNL] (20:34) is a separate joint venture that we have with Tolaram. It is focused on the manufacture and marketing of our cereal and snacks brands in West Africa, which it distributes through Multipro, as well as the manufacture and marketing of Kellogg's branded noodles in the rest of Africa. In just two years, we have seen rapid expansion in this venture. More recently, we constructed a cereal plant in Nigeria for local production. And in quarter one, we successfully launched Kellogg's cereals, which are off to a very strong start. We also launched Kellogg's noodles into South Africa and Egypt. This venture is showing exciting prospects for growth. As I said, we believe Tolaram is an excellent partner and that these are very high-quality assets. The combination of these entities provides us access to best-in-class distribution, brand building, supply chain and commercial execution capabilities. These are the right companies to build on, giving us a strong foothold in Nigeria, a market of 200 million consumers and the opportunity to expand into surrounding markets in West Africa and, ultimately, across Africa overall. So let's see how these ventures fit into our broader Africa strategy, depicted on slide 12. This incremental investment is yet another leg in what is a pan-Africa strategy for the Kellogg Company, pursuing growth in a promising emerging market, one with high population growth, a youthful population and a growing middle class. And we're expanding across this continent from very advantaged positions. We've already discussed West Africa and how we are building on the tremendous strength of Multipro and Dufil, but we are also expanding in the south and the north. We have had a solid long-standing presence in South Africa in cereal. In recent years, we added Pringles, which has been growing at a double-digit rate, so this is a good business with growth opportunity. And now, through our JV with Tolaram, we have launched breakfast noodles in South Africa under the Kellogg's brand, which is off to a strong start. So we're expanding in South Africa with a broader portfolio of affordable breakfast and snacks offerings. In North Africa, we're not only expanding cereal and biscuits from our acquired operations in Egypt, but, through our Tolaram partnership, we're also launching breakfast noodles there and across other North Africa markets. So there is plenty of room for expansion in North Africa as well. In short, we have added a partner and capability that enables us to expand the reach and awareness of the Kellogg brand throughout an emerging market region with excellent long-term growth prospects. Africa has become a tangible contributor to our emerging markets growth. And now, thanks to our most recent investment, you will be able to see this growth in our P&L. So, in summary, Kellogg Asia Pacific continues to perform well, growing organically and delivering improved profitability. Today's increased investment in West Africa continues to fill in a broader Africa strategy that has us rapidly expanding noodles, cereals and Pringles across a promising emerging markets landscape, and doing it with the right partner. This raises our growth profile. And with that, I'll now turn it back over to Steve.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Amit, very exciting times in your region. Let's move now to North America, where our largest business unit, U.S. Snacks, is shown on slide number 13. Now two and a half quarters into its post-DSD life, U.S. Snacks continues to show good progress. From a P&L perspective, the savings from eliminating DSD overhead are significantly exceeding the profit impacts of double-digit increases in brand building and the sales impact of SKU rationalization, and eliminating the price premium we once charged for providing DSD services. Simply put, we are realizing the financial benefits of this transition from DSD. We're also making progress on the top line. If we strip out the mechanical net sales impact of the DSD exit, the SKU rationalization and the list price adjustments, U.S. Snacks' underlying net sales were up year-on-year, and this is the third consecutive quarter of growth, excluding the DSD exit impact. We also like what we're seeing in the market. As we've stated previously, consumption and share declines were expected during the first year out of DSD, due to our significant reduction in SKUs and the reality of giving up secondary and tertiary displays, once we no longer have as frequent presence in stores by salespeople. But in Q1, our big three crackers brands collectively returned to consumption and share growth and Rice Krispies actually accelerated its growth. Importantly, all of our major categories experienced year-on-year gains in velocity in Q1. Improving velocity is so elemental to what we're trying to do in our transition from DSD that we're updating this graph for you. Look at the tremendous improvement we are making here now that we have a stronger set of SKUs on the shelf, and that we are supporting these SKUs and brands with sufficient brand building. I should also mention Pringles, which was never in DSD to begin with, but is benefiting from the investment dollars and management focus freed up by the DSD exit, not to mention the capability to now run cross-category promotions with former DSD brands. In Q1, Pringles boosted its consumption and share via our successful Flavor Stacking campaign, involving both media and in-store activation and via big promotional events with Cheez-It. So we're off to a good start in U.S. Snacks. We continue to expect improving in-market performance supported by strong increases in brand building investment. Now, let's turn to U.S. Morning Foods in slide number 14. Morning Foods posted a sales decline that represented improvement from recent quarters, cutting in half our decline from 2017, and it was actually a little ahead of our expectations. Aggressive competitor promotion in the kid-oriented segment held back some of our brands in that segment, but we did make progress on what we had prioritized, food news and brand communication on the adult-oriented health and wellness segment. As a result, Special K returned to consumption and share growth, owing to communication around its new inner strength positioning. Similarly, Mini-Wheats, Raisin Bran and Rice Krispies all started to improve their trends in the quarter, as we renewed communication about their key wellness attributes. These efforts will pick up in Q2 when we increase investment behind this communication and tie it to food news. We recognize that we have more work to do. In addition to the communication in food news and health and wellness, we are responding to competitor activity in the kid-oriented segment with innovation, including support for our new Chocolate Frosted Flakes, a recent launch that has been well received and a new product launch for Froot Loops. Additionally, we are launching bagged formats for certain brands in this segment, seeking to widen our consumer base. Pop-Tarts, too, will benefit from innovation and brand support as we head into the second half. For Morning Foods this year, it's all about getting back to basics. Under new management for this unit, we've been reassessing our shopper segmentation, our brand promise and our investment levels across the portfolio. We've been honing our execution and working on building an innovation pipeline that is exciting and differentiated. We still expect to see profit pressured by increased investment this year, but with a continued moderation in sales declines as we work towards stabilizing this business. We've got a lot of work to do, but we're making progress. Turning to slide number 15, U.S. Specialty Channels continued to post net sales growth despite not one, but two years of difficult comps on its way to its 11th straight quarter of top-line growth. We recorded strong growth in most of our channels. Vending was up strongly. Convenience posted good growth. And Girl Scouts had another good season. Foodservice posted a modest decline, albeit against a good year earlier growth. As we had signaled on our last quarterly earnings call, Specialty Channels operating profit in 2018 is forecast to be uncharacteristically down year-on-year, due to changes we made this year in the allocation of costs from other U.S. segments. This is not related to any change in the underlying business, which remains solid. We think Specialty Channels is on track to deliver another year of steady top-line growth. Let's turn to slide number 16, our North America Other segment, which turned in exceptional net sales and operating profit growth. The acquisition of RX drove a lot of this net sales growth. In its first full quarter since being added to our portfolio last October, RX is tracking to its aggressive 2018 plan. In Q1, net sales were up significantly. Consumption grew significantly and share was up significantly. The brand continued to expand distribution within existing channels and into new ones. We're already realizing the benefits of not only treating RX as a stand-alone growth platform, but also allowing it to tap into Kellogg resources, particularly R&D and supply chain. Needless to say, we're very pleased with its performance so far and we have exciting plans for this growth platform. Even excluding RX, the North America Other segment still grew net sales organically at a high single-digit rate. This was due to outstanding momentum in our frozen foods brands. On trend with consumers, frozen foods categories are outpacing grocery overall, especially with millennials, who consider frozen closest to fresh and who prize its convenience and value. And we play in two very promising areas. As shown on the chart, both Eggo and MorningStar Farms sustained double-digit consumption growth in Q1. Both brands have benefited from renovated food and packaging, new innovations and commercial focus on core offerings. We expect Frozen Foods to continue to grow, even as it begins to lap its year-ago acceleration, in coming quarters. Rounding out the segment, Kashi Company continued to drive strong consumption growth and share gains for Bear Naked Granola while working to stabilize Kashi brands cereal and snacks outside the natural channel. In Canada, the cereal category softened in the quarter, but we continued to gain share, led by health and wellness-oriented brands like Special K and Mini-Wheats. We also grew consumption in wholesome snacks, Pringles and frozen waffles. Overall, we expect continued growth for North America Other, led by RX's continued expansion and Frozen Foods' growth. Europe is on slide number 17 and it, too, had a good quarter. Growth was again led by Pringles, which continued to rebound from last year's disruption of normal promotions in some markets. It turned in double-digit growth here in Q1, and it continued to grow across the region, well beyond those markets that had experienced last year's disruption. This brand is in good shape and we have even stronger commercial plans ahead, including a very big soccer tie-in. Our cereal trends continue to improve. This has been led by the stabilization of our UK cereal business, which in Q1 delivered year-on-year increases in consumption, share and net sales. In the UK, Special K turned in its second consecutive quarter of year-on-year consumption and share growth, accelerating from last quarter. And this key brand also turned positive in markets like Spain and Italy, demonstrating that its new positioning and reinvestment are starting to take hold. We should mention that emerging markets were a driver of the Europe region's growth for both cereal and snacks. This was led by both Egypt and Russia, so Europe is back to growth this year. Markets remain challenging, particularly in Continental Europe, but we've gotten off to a good start and we have good plans in place for the rest of the year. Let's finish with Latin America on slide number 18. Operating profit was pulled down, as expected, by the negative impact of forex rates on cost of goods sold. This reflected prior hedges rolling off and the business is on track for operating profit growth for the full year. Importantly, Latin America resumed top-line growth in Q1 after a 2017 held down by the Caribbean/Central America markets. Recall that in those markets, we experienced, first, a trade inventory overhang, and then, devastating hurricanes. The good news is that declines in these markets continued to moderate in Q1, even as stores in Puerto Rico struggle to reopen. But it was Mexico and Mercosur that drove Latin America's growth in the quarter. Mexico posted its eighth straight quarter of organic net sales growth. Our snack sales growth in this key market continues to be led by Pringles, and we grew cereal, too, in net sales, consumption and in share. In the Mercosur markets, we posted double-digit net sales growth, driven by cereal, Pringles and Parati. Parati is clearly a boost for our business in Brazil, where we are leveraging its presence and expertise in high-frequency stores, while sustaining its growth in biscuits. So Latin America is another area in which we are seeing progress. So to summarize on slide number 19, we are Deploying for Growth, and you can see signs of progress. You can see progress in our strong start to the year. Not only did we grow, but we saw improving top-line and in-market performance in key areas of our portfolio. And not only did we expand our operating profit margin, we did it in the face of cost headwinds and a very strong increase in brand building. It's so critical to get off to a good start because it creates flexibility and confidence for the rest of the year. We're making progress on the quality and quantity of consumer-oriented ideas surfacing throughout the organization. With much of the heavy lifting behind us on our cost structure reduction efforts of recent years, we're getting more commercially creative, and we're putting more money behind it. Brand building was up substantially year-on-year in Q4 of 2017. It was up substantially in Q1 of 2018, and it will be again through at least Q2 of this year. We are on track to deliver our full year guidance, and that's even with us leaning into incremental reinvestment. And we've taken further steps forward in our commitment to shape our portfolio toward growth. RX is expanding and giving us a new growth platform. Parati has tripled the size of our business in Brazil and is giving us new opportunities for revenue and cost synergies. And today's announcement of an increased investment in our West Africa partnerships shouldn't be taken lightly. Africa is a big, promising growth opportunity, and we are making an investment that will lift our growth rates for a long time. Finally, as shown on our Deploy for Growth graphic, our people are our competitive advantage. So we'd like to thank our employees for their dedication and hard work. And with that, we'd be happy to take any questions you might have.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Research. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Morning, David.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Morning.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Wanted to ask you about your top line. So sales outperformed our expectations in the quarter. You said the brand building is working. Why not upside to the revenue forecast this year? And then a follow-up, if I may.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, thanks for the question, David. I think we're pleased, obviously, very pleased with the top-line start to the year in Q1, but we're taking a prudent view because it is just one quarter behind us. I'm seven months into the role right now, so we think it's just smart to be prudent, but having said that, we are pleased. We're seeing good growth, as I mentioned, in Pringles, in Eggo, in MorningStar Farms, in RX, and Bear Naked. Those are all in North America, which in the past has been a bit challenging. Then we've got the emerging markets, Asia really firing on all cylinders, Mexico, Brazil and now West Africa. So making very good progress across our top line, which gives us very good confidence that we'll deliver the year, but we just think, at this stage, it's smart to be prudent. And we will reinvest. We will lean in where we see opportunities. We've given ourselves some flexibility to do that.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then, my follow-up is just related to volume, up a strong 3% in the quarter. This historically has had a nice positive effect on margins because of the leverage that you get through your manufacturing facilities. Can you talk about the effect in the quarter? And secondly, do you think that you'll have volume leverage through the facilities for the full year?
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, I'll start and then let Fareed build on it, but we're pleased with our margins, so if you take out the DSD impact, margins are flat to down ever-so-slightly in the quarter, and that's with increased brand building which I mentioned. And it's also covering significant freight costs, which we're able to cover thanks to the outstanding work that was done in our supply chain. I really tip my hat to our supply chain colleagues. Factories are running very efficiently, very effectively. They're looking at productivity in every corner to overcome some of the headwinds that we've had in order to give the margin performance that we've given. Fareed, do you want to...?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, the only thing I'd add is that on the cost pressures, where we're seeing it most acutely is on freight, like many other companies, and a combination of specific productivity initiatives that we have in place, as part of Project K, as part of our ongoing productivity efforts, that's offsetting it. And the volume flowing through our plants really does create some leverage as well, so you put all that together, that generated flat gross profit in Q1. And we expect that type of performance to continue for the full year because we do have visibility on those initiatives.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot. I'll pass it along.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much. So just a question on the double-digit brand building investment, can you just kind of break out where you think how that was deployed across snacks, cereal, U.S., emerging markets in Q1? And then, just kind of expectations for the rest of the year as you look at the business and the growth opportunity and you lean in a little incrementally, where do you see most of the investment going or is it just essentially broadly based? Thanks.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, thanks, David, for the question. I'll start again and Fareed can add, as he sees fit. First, I guess from a very top-line perspective, we're not going to give any great detail about where we're deploying our investments, for competitive reasons. We always had plans, which we articulated, to put more brand building against snacks in the U.S., post-DSD as we move from a push environment to a pull environment. So you see quite a lot of the investment going there. We had a fantastic first quarter promotion in Pringles and Cheez-It leveraged around the Super Bowl, which saw very good momentum. In emerging markets, we see good opportunities to continue to invest as we think forward-looking, but it's fairly broad-based with the biggest chunk, I would say, coming in U.S. Snacks as we continue to successfully transition out of a DSD environment into a pull environment.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: And what I'd add is just a reminder, last year, as we were going through the DSD transition, we pulled back a little bit around the first half as we went through the DSD transition, just to basically keep the outlook fairly stable on the businesses. So there's going to be year-on-year acceleration that's pretty significant in the first half. The full year will be up. And the only thing other I'll add is we continue to make great progress on looking at ROIs on our brand building investments. And so, these are pretty precise bets around very specific brands and channels and media, and we're seeing good response. And we'll continue to take a targeted approach. But so far, we like what we see and we can make those kind of investments and watch the returns, very short cycle times.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Super. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just one question on sort of the relative growth that you're seeing in the portfolio, it's interesting how in these categories in snacks and cereals, we're seeing the sweet or fun flavor-type brands doing among the best and seemingly, they're more receptive to innovation and promotion. And you're doing nice job with Rice Krispies and Pop-Tarts, to perhaps feeding into this, offsetting some declines in your wellness bar brands. But on the cereal side, you seem to be still dug in around the wellness news. And I know you're making some adjustments. You mentioned Chocolate Frosted Flakes and something with Froot Loops, but are you seeing the results from pushing on wellness within cereal or is your best hand perhaps pivoting and going more the fun route within that category? Thanks.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, thanks for the question, David. A couple things, first, in terms of health and wellness, we are seeing actually good progress against Special K. And that's in all the markets including United States, so we don't think that that's an inappropriate area for us to focus in. Having said that, we've got a wide portfolio with lots of choice, including kind of kid-oriented brands that you mentioned, as well as health and wellness brands, and we see opportunities across the breadth of our portfolio. And clearly, we've got strong brands in all those categories. In the kid categories, obviously, Frosted Flakes and Froot Loops play very well. We think there are opportunities for new innovations and new ideas there. We've got Chocolate Frosted Flakes, which is doing very well in the market. We've got a new Froot Loops innovation coming. So I would posit that it's well balanced across our portfolio, because the investments we've made to turn Special K have been pleasing to us. And in terms of wellness overall, and you mentioned bars, RXBAR plays in this space and is really growing at a torrid pace. They're doing such a great job at RX, and we're incredibly proud of the work that they're doing. It's really focused. It's very innovative. It's very brand-centric. It really targets the consumer in a meaningful way and is showing great growth for us. So, we've got a broad portfolio across health and wellness and snacking and kids. And we invest where we see the best returns, where we see the best potential. So it's not just in one particular area. And I hope that's helpful.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That is. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Ramey with Pivotal Research Group. Please go ahead.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Thanks so much. I just wanted to drill down on a couple of the products. First, your mention of bagged cereals, would you be characterizing or thinking about that in terms of kind of brand investment or is that sort of more kind of capitulation to market trends?
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, thanks for the question, Tim. Capitulation is not a word we like to use around here. Having said that...
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Copy that. Sorry. Yeah. (44:50)
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: I'm just kidding. In terms of bagged cereal, it really broadens our consumer base, right? So, we go to where the consumer is. We try and get there in front of the consumer sometimes, but when the consumer goes somewhere, we tend to want to really give the consumer what they're looking for. And there is an element of the consumer that is looking for bagged cereal. We're not the first there, but we've seen – actually, the research that we've done, it tends to be highly incremental. And so, we are going to go into bagged cereal. Having said that, you asked about investment. We don't necessarily invest behind a packaging format. We invest behind our brands and then offer different packaging formats, different solutions to our customers across a broad array of channels and packages. And so, it's just one of the innovations that we're coming out with when the new product launches that we're coming out with this year.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Yes. And then just on Pringles. I mean, I think it's fair to say that even excluding the discontinuities last year, the brand is probably doing better, maybe better than you expected, and it's doing quite well. What would you attribute that to? Is that some of the media around the Super Bowl? Is there anything you can really point to or – leaving aside the comp issues, that we're all familiar with.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: I think it starts with a good idea, and they had a good idea around Flavor Stacking, which drove multiple purchases because the whole idea is you stack different Pringles flavors on top of each other to create different food type occasions. And it had good communication in the marketplace. The highest profile was the Super Bowl commercial, but it was a full 360-degree digital social approach to it and really drove good consumption, good share, good velocity. And so, we know if you have a good brand and then you have a good commercial idea and you follow that with excellent execution in the marketplace, which the team did – they drove significant improvement in not only the number of displays on the floor, but the size and the location of those displays. And so, it was all of those things. And it's much like all of our portfolio in the branded business, when you have good innovation, good ideas, strong commercial execution, really focused on the consumer and the customer to give the customer excellent customer service and execute at retail, good things tend to happen. And Pringles was a good example of the team executing well.
Timothy S. Ramey - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Terrific. Thanks for your help.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I just had a...
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Morning, Chris
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. I just had a question for you. In relation to – when you're talking about brand building, I'm just curious to what degree that includes promotional spending. And just trying to understand, I realize what's going on in the DSD system, but we saw it up in Europe, for example. Is that an element of your incremental spending in the quarter? And I guess it sounds like you're seeing some pretty good results, certainly on the volume side, so I'm curious about that as well.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: No. When we talk brand building, we're not talking about trade. So we're talking about bottom line brand building, period.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So trade spending was up as well, even beyond what happened in DSD. Was that planned? Is that expected to continue through the year? I'm just curious about that level of spending.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, so it's Fareed. That spend is very much brand-specific. I would say if you ex the DSD, there's really no material increase. So the main change was DSD for trade.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just a quick question, the profit margin in U.S. Snacks was well above our estimate. Is there a shift in expenses there helping that? And is there anything to the level of spending in the quarter that may have caused that margin to be higher? I'm just trying to get a sense of how that phases through the year.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: I'm sorry. Can you re-ask that? I didn't really catch your question.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: The profit margin on U.S. Snacks, it looks like it was quite strong. Is there a shift in expenses that helped that? I'm just trying to get a sense of how that phases through the year, based on your investments behind that business as well, and there's a lot going on with the DSD system there.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, it – Fareed, go ahead.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: There is a lot going on. The most significant impact is going to be the whole shift out of the DSD system which flowed through overhead, and some of that gets offset by increase in COGS as it goes through the network. But net-net, significant savings dropped to the bottom line, and that's even with the increased investments in brand building. And we talked about the Snacks operating profit going up to the average of our North America business, which is a pretty significant lift, and we are right on track to accomplish that. So the DSD savings are flowing through as we had expected, and you'll see that business continue to perform very strongly on operating profit this year.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for the question. Good morning. Steve, I'm curious as to the strategy behind MorningStar. That's a brand that really has dominant share and some good name recognition, but it also seems like Kellogg's never really put a full-fledged effort behind it. I mean, there's been talk about RXBAR being a platform for you, but how do you think about MorningStar being a platform and your ability to stretch that into plant-based more broadly?
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, John. Thanks for the question. I'll tell you, MorningStar Farms is a star in our portfolio. We believe that. It's up double-digit in consumption in the first quarter and is really gaining momentum. And the momentum really started last summer, when the team really started to focus on the core attributes of the brand and did some excellent execution around commercial ideas. So we believe actually there's great potential in MorningStar Farms. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the millennial generation really thinks about frozen differently than other generations. It's kind of the new fresh and the new convenient. You couple that then with the whole veggie approach to this, and it's right on-trend. So we believe in the brand. We believe it has great potential. There's innovations that you'll see coming from the MorningStar Farms team. And so we agree with you. We think it's right on-trend, a very good brand. It's being executed well, and it's got a lot of future potential.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Do you see an opportunity to move it more broadly into Europe or the UK?
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Potentially.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for your time.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone. So on the leverage side, you're obviously injecting a decent chunk of change into the new West African expansion, and I think you've alluded to additional contributions to the pensions as well. What do you expect the leverage to go to, I guess, as of now and if you were to do the pension thing as well?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: So our goal is to remain strongly investment grade, and so that's sort of a foundational element of our strategy. We will flex up for attractive acquisitions. I would say everything we're doing has been thought through and planned in Nigeria. Investments were very much a natural extension, and then with the option window coming into sight, we were really planning for that. So, yes, our leverage will go up a little bit, but we'll continue to focus on bringing that down, finding the right balance between dividend, debt reduction, and return of capital in various forms.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. And as a quick follow-up, on the other income line, I'm assuming that about $25 million of that $70 million is the mark-to-market pension-related line that gets excluded from adjusted earnings. Is the remaining $45 million mostly the expected return on pension assets that is included in the adjusted numbers? And just philosophically, why would that be included in the adjusted numbers, because it's non-cash and really just not part of the ongoing operations? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Alexia, I'm not sure I'm completely following that. So mark-to-market is not in our adjusted numbers. So maybe we could follow-up and just so I can understand the question a little bit better as a follow-up.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: It was really the other part, not the $25 million, but the remaining other income, is that mostly expected returns on pension?
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yes.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Yes, it would be, right. And so, as part of our thinking around pension, we are contemplating a de-risk of the pension plan to shifting our asset mix a little bit and, therefore, bringing down our assumptions about the return on our assets just to be more prudent. And so coupled with the contribution to the pension, which, again, that's deductible at the pre tax reform rate, so it's a nice soft of financial outcome. So we end up with a contribution that's accelerated to our pension plans. It puts the funding status in a very nice spot. And recall, that the largest portions of our plans are already frozen, and then sort of shifting the portfolio allocation to de-risk that a little bit as well. We've had nice returns on that portfolio with our current allocation, but as we look at the market, this feels like the prudent thing to do. So hopefully that gets at the question.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yeah, I guess the only follow-up is why would you include that in the adjusted numbers, the expected return? I think most companies don't do that.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: It's always been there. It's been very consistent and it's always been in the numbers.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you. I have two questions. One is I was just trying to do a little bit of math on the contribution of the Africa business. Based on the sales contribution and operating profit, I got a mid-single-digit operating profit margin for that business. Can you tell me if I'm off on that? But if that is the margin, what can you do to help those businesses improve their margin structure? And secondly, on the second half of the year, I think you have some tougher comparisons to inventory loading on the Snacks business during the DSD transition. Can you give us a sense of what kind of headwind that poses to sales? Thanks.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Robert, thanks for the question. I'll make one comment and then turn it over to Fareed. And the only comment I'd make is as you think about West Africa, what we really have here, what we're really investing in, is a total business system, right? The Multipro investment, which is maybe a 5%, 6% to 7% margin, is a capability that is outstanding and is a route-to-market that is best-in-class in West Africa, which allows our branded businesses and the JVs that manufacture our branded businesses, get to market in a way that is truly advantaged. So it's a total system that we have here, not just the one investment in Multipro.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, and what I'd add is it's a distribution business but they bring a tremendous amount of value-added services as well, so don't just think a logistics company. It's a really unique asset in that market. And so there's a lot of promotion and trial. They bring a lot of services because the retail environment is extraordinarily fragmented and local. So you have Multipro that brings a lot of services and so their operating profit margins look a lot more attractive than you might consider, say, a developed market distribution business. And I think that's sort of mid to low singles. And that's including the investments that they're making as they grow the business. The other joint ventures that we have, whether it's cereal or with Dufil, those tend to have very attractive margins and they look very similar to what you might see in a development market from an OP delivery standpoint. And again, this is a bet on Africa and the growth that's there. Going with distribution first really allows you to time the subsequent investments in a much more precise way and a risk-adjusted way. And again, we're looking at the businesses sort of together and the big opportunity here is to tap the market potential. You'd also mentioned, just on the second part of the question, about the balance of the year and how we sort of compare that to priors. What I'll say is that in Q2 of last year in the Snacks business as part of the DSD transition, that was the quarter where we began to see the pipeline fill. So recall, that we had two distribution businesses, one that we were operating to serve customers and the other one that we were putting inventory in to be ready for the transition. So in Q2, we actually had pipeline fill. We also had the beginnings of the SKU rationalizations and the risk price adjustments but if you put that all together, the Q2 DSD headwind, if you will, on sales was not as significant as in the latter quarter. So that makes Q2 a tougher comp for our Snacks business, and that sort of factors into some of the guidance that we gave you, where we don't see Q2 top-line growth as strongly because of that prior-year impact. And in terms of delev (58:28) basically, most of the dust has settled on the DSD transition, and I think for the Snacks business, we're in pretty good shape going forward.
John Renwick, CFA - Kellogg Co.: Operator, we only have time for one quick last question.
Operator: And that question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. I'll be quick. Steve, you have talked in the past at CAGNY about your admiration for the frozen category. You're talking about it again today. One question I would have – and I think John Baumgartner sort of asked a little bit about this earlier, but are you under scale in frozen? And the reason I'm asking is so many other companies out there talk about the need for scale in this category, just given the high fixed costs. You guys have one major brand, one more minor one in terms of size. If it's such a great category, do you need to or is there an optionality there where you could potentially buy your way into a little more scale, which you could then leverage for some synergies there? I'm just trying to think about your strategy along those lines.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, thanks for the question, Ken. I am bullish on our Frozen business, proud of what the team has done there, and I don't think we're disadvantaged in scale in any way because both brands are growing at double digits. So we like the scale. It's not to say that we wouldn't think about opportunities to scale up, but right now, we've got plans in place to really grow these businesses in meaningful ways that contribute to the top line and bottom line of the company. So we're proud of what the team's done and think it's in very good shape right now.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: But wait. And that's fair, but it's less about the top line growth than it is about the cost line, right? The scale question is talking about fixed cost leverage across more revenues. That's more what I was asking about.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, right now, we've got good leverage with our businesses growing double digits. Our factory's pretty full. The question of scale oftentimes is what type of capacity utilization you have in your various plants. And right now, this business is operating pretty well.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. (60:36)
Operator: Go ahead, sir.
John Renwick, CFA - Kellogg Co.: I'm afraid we're out of time, but if anyone has any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-08 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John Renwick - VP, IR Steven Cahillane - CEO Fareed Khan - CFO
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Bernstein Bryan Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Tim Rainey - Pivotal Research Group David Driscoll - Citi Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray Pablo Zuanic - SIG
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for the Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our fourth quarter 2017 results. I’m joined this morning by; Steve Cahillane, our CEO who will provide an overview of the quarter and the year in context of our strategy and then we'll come back and review our key businesses; and Fareed Khan, Chief Financial Officer, who will walk you through our 2017 financial results and our 2018 financial outlook. Slide number two shows our usual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, profit margins, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, February 15. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. Briefly, I want to be sure that you are all aware of some changes to our statements of results and guidance. Specifically, there are two accounting standards changes that we have been discussing in our previous filings and that finally will go into effect into Q1 2018, it's also relatively small transfer of products between two segments within Kellogg North America. Our press release includes explanations of these changes and preliminary figures to help you recast 2017. Our 2018 guidance will be off this recast 2017 base. Separately, we will be modifying our presentation of non-GAAP measurements to better align how we assess our business internally. In effect we are changing the term currency neutral comparable to the more commonly used organic and we will no longer strip out completed acquisitions or divestitures from our sales and profit guidance but we will provide color on them. Today for consistency reasons we'll continue to discuss results for Q4 and full year 2017 on the previous currency neutral comparable basis and before any of these accounting-related restatements to 2017. However, we will talk about 2018 guidance on the new basis. And now I'll turn it over to Steve and slide number four.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone, I'd like to start off by saying that after four months into the job my confidence in this company and my excitement to be here have only increased. In fact, having been around the world discussing our strategy and plans I'm even more convinced that we will return to solid sustainable growth. The brands are strong, the foods are unique, the culture is special. What we have to do is prioritize, invest where the growth is and improve our execution, but our Q4 performance gives a very good indication of exactly what I'm talking about. We finished the year on sound financial footing. Not only did we deliver on our guidance for all key financial metrics but our second half net sales performance was vastly improved from the first half. Pringles got back on track globally, our Frozen Foods brand in the U.S. accelerated their growth, U.S. Specialty channels sustained its growth, our emerging markets business improve their growth and we stabilized our core develop international cereal markets. We also delivered strong profit margin expansion indicating a reduction of cost structure that keeps us on track for our targeted margin expansion from 2015 to 2018. We reduced core working capital as a percent of sales, improved our cash conversion and increasing our cash flow. Excuse me. And we continue to return substantial cash to shareowners through a strong dividend and sustained share buybacks. But more importantly, we made big strategic moves in 2017 that will help us in 2018 and beyond. Our transition out of DSD was well-executed and sets us up to invest more behind our brands in order to get back to growth in that business. We continue to expand Pringles across the globe via market expansion, new flavors and new pack formats. We worked on brand positioning, media campaigns and new foods to help stabilize what has been our principal source of sales decline, Special K as well as our overall cereal business in core developed international markets, both showed strong signs of stabilizing in the second half. We know emerging markets are huge opportunity and in 2017, we integrated and anticipated growth in Parati, which tripled our scale in Brazil and provides further growth and cost synergies for us going forward. Through our joint ventures we are rapidly expanding in West Africa and China, where we are building distribution and brand awareness in big emerging markets. And around the world, we have reinvested resources in e-commerce and it paid off with exceptional growth. And we acquired RXBAR, giving us a whole new growth platform. So, 2017 was an important year for us as we were able to deliver dependable results while making progress on key strategic initiatives, many of which were quite challenging. Now let's turn our attention to 2018 and slide number 5. We would characterize 2018 as a transition year and here's why. We are completing the actions behind our ambitious Project K restructuring program while beginning plans on our next productivity opportunities. We strive for balance between profitability, investment and growth and this restructuring gives us the fuel. In U.S. Snacks, we're transitioning to life after DSD. This includes a little more than two quarters worth of impact from the adjusted list price and SKU rationalization but it also entails operating differently and it concludes ramp-up in investments behind our brands. We will be increasing brand building investment in other business units as well. This varies by brand of course and for some it is the quality of ideas that we are improving rather than simply investing more dollars. But this reinvestment is important for building momentum as the year progresses. We will be integrating and growing our latest acquisition, RXBAR. There is so much we can do with this new growth platform. Meanwhile, we will be building on our other relatively recent acquisition, Parati in Brazil, completing the integration and accelerating planned revenue and cost synergies. And our joint ventures in West Africa and China we'll continue to invest behind rapid expansion. Despite being a transition year, we have a plan reflected in our guidance that delivers continued gradual improvement in net sales performance, strong reinvestment in our brands and continued growth in operating profit. From a margin perspective, we will achieve the equivalent of our 18% operating profit margin target, excluding depending accounting changes. We will continue to grow our earnings per share and cash flow with an additional boost from U.S. tax reform even after using some of this benefit to de-risk our balance sheet and pension liability. I think we have a balanced plan for 2018 and I believe our Q4 in 2017 actions and results offer confidence that we can achieve this. So, before I get into the fundamentals of each of our businesses, let me turn it over to Fareed who will walk you through the financials in more detail.
Fareed Khan: Thanks, Steve, and good morning. Slide six shows a summary of our financial results for the quarter and the full year. Net sales in the quarter continued to improve from the first half, even with the full impact of planned DSD related list price adjustments and SKU rationalizations in our U.S. Snacks business. We continue to make progress towards returning to growth. Operating profit showed another quarter of solid growth and operating profit margin continued to expand. In Q4, we achieved this even with a double-digit year-on-year increase in brand building investment. Earnings per share grew in Q4 as well as the operating profit growth more than offset the impact of a higher tax rate and an increase in interest expense related to our RXBAR acquisition. Excluded from comparable EPS, of course, are items like upfront costs, which came in in line with our guidance. You may also be wondering about U.S. tax reform. The net impact to 2017 was small as the onetime reduction and deferred tax liabilities was more than offset by the onetime charge for repatriation of foreign earnings and other eliminated deductions. This resulted in less than a penny per share negative impact in Q4. We'll speak more about the ongoing tax reform benefit in a moment. We're pleased with our Q4 and full year 2017 results. Our topline did improvement in the second half as we indicated it would, our productivity initiatives delivered under savings, helping us to boost margins and delivered solid profit and earnings growth, and we delivered on our guidance for each of the key P&L metrics are shown on this slide as well as for cash flow. So, let's get into a little bit more detail. Slide seven shows the sequential improvement in currency neutral comparable net sales performance that we generated in the second half. Driving the second half improvement were several factors. First, Pringles return to growth in Europe after an unusual decline in the first half. Second, our U. S. Frozen brands, Eggo and Morningstar Farms picked up momentum that started in Q2. Third we stabilized key international developed cereal markets, even growing sales in Q4 in Canada, Australia and the U.K. Fourth, we slowed the declines of Special K globally, even gaining share in the U. S. and U.K. cereal markets in Q4. And we improve our growth in emerging markets led by Q -- led by second half accelerations in Asia and the Middle East. Remember, our net sales in both Q3 and Q4 have to absorb a planned negative 2% headwind resulting from the DSD exit in U.S. Snacks. This came in the form of SKU rationalization and list price adjustments. There was negligible impact in the first half, so the entire headwind was effectively in the second half. This was in line with our expectations for Q4 as it had been in the prior quarter. When you exclude the mechanical negative impact of the DSD transition, our sales were up year-on-year in Q3 and up a little bit more in Q4. So clearly, we're starting to see underlying improvement in our topline. That said, we're not content with the sales decline by any means and returning to growth is a top priority for us. Let's turn to profitability on slide eight where we showed the latest savings figures for Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting. As a status update, the bulk of the investments and actions for Project K are largely behind us even if the savings runs through 2019, and the same goes for ZBB, which is now our discipline incorporated into our daily operations. There's no question that we reduced the cost structure of our business with these actions. So, we have good visibility into our cost structure going into the next couple of years as we continue to execute against these initiatives. Slide 9 shows that these productivity efforts again paid off in the form of higher operating profit margins in Q4 and the full year. In fact, we finished the year with an operating profit margin of 16.9% which is 250 basis points higher than the level we recorded in 2015 putting us well in the way towards the 2015 to 2018 target we set a few years ago. On operating profit margin, we posted another quarter of strong expansion, led by efficiencies and savings initiatives in SG&A most significantly from the elimination of DSD related overhead. In fact, this overhead reduction was large enough to more than offset a substantial increase in brand building across the company in Q4 both in U.S. Snacks and elsewhere. And it almost immediately brought U.S. Snacks towards the Kellogg North American operating profit margin average in Q4 even with the sizable reimbursements I mentioned. Gross profit margin in the quarter was again reduced but was effectively a reset of U.S. Snacks gross margin as it shifts out of DSD and into warehouse. As discussed previously this involves a list price adjustment for the cost to serve of services will no longer be providing to the retailer along with some logistics costs that now be captured in cost of goods sold as it resets the divisions gross margin to a new lower level. However, excluding this DSD related reset in U.S. Snacks, the company's gross margin was up year-on-year both in Q4 and full year. Savings from Project K supply chain restructuring and Zero-Based Budgeting continue to more than offset the cost of investing in our food and packaging and the operating leverage impact of lower volume. Our cash flow performance is shown on slide 10. In 2017 our cash flow was on our guidance and ahead of last year. It says something about the durability of our cash flow through that through all the changes we are making. All the investments and restructuring we're executing, we can still deliver strong and consistent cash flow. Strong working capital improvement has funded nearly $1 billion of restructuring related outlays over the past few years not to mention elevated capital for expenditures for Pringles on other growth and efficiency investments. This durable cash flow gives us good financial flexibility and we expect to increase cash flow again in 2018. So solid financial performance in 2017 and with that let's turn our sites into 2018 starting with our outlook for the top line. On slide 11 you'll see our outlook for net sales broken into key elements. First, the DSD transition, because the list price adjustment and SKU rationalizations really didn't go into full effect until mid-Q3 of 2017 we'll have about two quarters of negative 2% impact to total company net sales just as we saw in Q3 and Q4 of 2017. This translates into about 1% negative impact for the full year. Excluding this DSD impact, our underlying business should continue to show improvement. We saw this in the second half of 2017 and this should continue into 2018. Pringles Europe is back in growth U.S. Frozen is back in growth, specialty channels continues to grow and we're stabilizing our core developed international cereal markets. In addition, we boosted brand building investment in Q4 and this increased investment will continue into 2018 supporting key brands and with promising growth opportunities. Consumption trends don't approve immediately of course, but they should improve as the year progresses. That's why we think our underlying business can move towards flat sales in 2018. Additionally, we've got RXBAR adding to our reported net sales growth between the acquired sales and the sustained growth momentum we see in the business, this could add another 1 to 2 percentage points of growth for us in 2018. With that, let's turn to Slide 12 and how we are looking at operating profit for 2018. Our productivity initiatives give us good visibility into cost savings. We expect to realize more than half of the remaining Project K savings in 2018 as well as all of the remaining Zero-Based Budgeting savings. Some of this will be used to cover modest cost inflation led by a rising transportation cost and a good portion of this will be reinvested into our brands. As you know, the reinvestment into demand pull brand building was a key element of our transition out of DSD and so you can expect double-digit increases in brand building in our U.S. Snacks business as well as smaller increases to our other businesses. Newly acquired RXBAR contributes about 1 to 2 percentage points to our expected operating profit growth, reflecting not only the acquired profit but also its expected year-over-year growth. From a margin standpoint, remember that gross margin will face that headwind of the DSD-related reset I mentioned earlier, but behind that should be continued productivity led improvement and modest price realization. And at the operating margin level, we'll see strong expansion as overhead savings related primarily to the DSD exit more than offset the reinvestments in brand building. In fact, on the old GAAP basis, currency neutral comparable and before the pension accounting changes, we would hit the 18% operating margin target that we established for 2018. From a quarterly phasing perspective, keep in mind that our step up in brand building began in late Q3 of 2017 and we'll continue through the first half of 2018, holding our operating profit to relatively modest growth during Q1 and Q2 before accelerating in the second half. So now let's turn to Slide 13, our guidance for EPS. Before U.S. tax reform was passed, there was little difference between the operating profit growth and EPS growth because of offsetting items like higher interest expense related to the debt incurred to acquire RXBAR last October, an increase other income reflecting a higher pension asset-based following last year's strong financial markets performance. But this below the line leverage changes meaningfully with the recently enacted U.S. tax reform. Through a lower corporate tax rate, partially offset by a reduced or eliminated deductions, this reform will bring our overall corporate effective tax rate to something closer to 20% to 21% or about 5 to 6 points lower than our 2017 rate. For now, we view this benefit as an opportunity to improve our financial flexibility. For example, we can use the tax reform cash flow benefit to deleverage our capital structure on the heels of our acquisition of RXBAR in December, the timing is right to pay down some debt and keep our drive for future opportunities this means less of year-over-year opportunities in interest expense. Additionally, we can take a more conservative approach to our pension funds by making a cash contribution and/or shifting to a less aggressive investment mix to be accompanied by a reduction or expect a return on assets assumptions. This pulls down other income year-over-year. Our EPS would have grown anyway this year but this tax reform gives it an added boost. The result is an adjusted EPS growth of 9% to 11% year-on-year, another year of strong earnings growth. This of course is a currency neutral outlook. Currencies are always volatile and you've seen some swings in the past couple of months. Our best estimate right now is for currency translation to be modestly positive in 2018. Slide 14 puts it all together. Flat currency neutral net sales showing sequential improvement in underlying brands, strong currency neutral adjusted operating profit growth, even with the increased brand building investment and strong currency neutral adjusted EPS growth helped additionally, by tax reform. It also includes cash flow. We expect cash flow of roughly $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion another year-on-year increase aided by benefits from U.S. tax reform. Overall, we think our 2018 guidance -- outlook offers a good balance between savings and reinvestment, between top line improvement and sustained operating profit growth and we think it leaves us with greater financial flexibility for the future. So, I agree with Steve, we are entering 2018 on sound financial footing and we have the plans that will strengthen even further across the year. And with that, let me turn it back over to Steve for a review of our businesses.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, Fareed. Let's start with our largest youth business unit U.S. Snacks in slide number 15. In Q4 this business unit posted another quarter of strong operating profit growth, owing to the reduction of DSD overhead and partially offset by a plan substantial increase in brand building, which should help build momentum heading into 2018. You can see the strong net impact on snacks operating profit margin. In Q4, the impact of our DSD transition, namely our price adjustment and our SKU rationalization came in as expected. Roughly eight percentage points of negative impact to U.S. Snacks sales or about 2% negative impact to the overall company. This implies underlying growth for this business unit just as we saw in Q3. This might have been aided by higher trade inventories as retailers are still finding their optimal level for this new set of products in their warehouse but this performance certainly indicates that we are on the right track. Following our pullback in merchandising in late Q2 and early Q3 related to the DSD transition, we started to get back into normal promotional activity in Q4 and we supported key brands with increased advertising. This started with crackers as the holiday season is an important one for this category and we saw almost immediate resumption in consumption growth from our two biggest cracker brands, Cheez-It and Club. We also improved consumption on key supported brands in our other categories, Keebler Fudge Shoppe and Famous Amos and cookies and Rice Krispies Treats and a wholesome snacks. As I mentioned previously, we're please so far with the execution of an initiative that was enormously complex and risky. We completed the exit on time and on budget and we received favorable feedback across our customer base. Now we are working through operating and competing in this new way of going to market in the supermarket channel. There will be some noise, at least through the first half of 2018. We've already discussed the noise in the P&L with the gross margin reset and big overhead savings offsetting increased brand building. But there's also noise in the scanner data. Through the first half of 2018, we know we'll see lower ACV owing to our SKU rationalization and we fully expect the decline in secondary and tertiary displays. All of this was planned. We're pleased with our shelf assortment and we believe that the added brand building investment will continue to drive gradual improvement in our consumption and share performance. If you're looking for a lead indicator, it is velocity. A shelf strengthened by rationalizing tail SKUs and brand supported with more brand building point to gradually improving velocities. And as you can see on the Chart, this improvement in velocity is already starting to take shape. So, the message is we're on track, we've got a couple more quarters of year-on-year noise, but we feel good about where we're headed. The results should be gradually improving sales with another year of strong operating profit growth. Now let's turn to slide number 16 in U.S. Morning Foods. The quarter’s operating profit decline was exaggerated by being up against an outsized 29% gain in the year ago quarter. But what was the disappointing was that the cereal category did not improve on its year-to-date decline rate in Q4. As we've stated previously, we know what it takes to grow this category, it takes exciting food news centered around health benefits and taste and combined with effective brand building and in-store execution. And we and others simply didn't bring enough of that to the category last year. So that's where our focus is. And Special K in Q4 can give you a glimpse of how we're getting back to this playbook.  In the second half we properly married up food news with an effective media campaign and in-store activation and we saw good results. The brand stabilized in its consumption and return to share growth. Similarly, we realized improved performance in Q4 for Pop-Tarts, a brand that had an uncharacteristic decline in the first half, driving this improvement were commercial plans with strong in-store display activation. Morning Foods enters 2018 with a stronger commercial plan both in terms of bigger on trend ideas and in terms of higher brand building investments. In late December, we launched a truly unique cereal offering, Special K with probiotics, leaning into abutting and justified consumer interest in digestive health. We recently launched chocolate frosted flakes, already the number one innovation at many retailers and we've gotten off to a good start to the year. We know we can stabilize this business, we did it in 2016 and we did it this year in our other core developed cereal markets. We expect to see Morning Foods operating profit way down by increased commercial investment in 2018, but with gradually improving sales performance. Let's now turn to Specialty Channels shown on slide number 17. This business unit posted its 10th straight quarter of sales and profit growth in Q4 and this was in spite of the toughest comparisons of the year on both metrics. So, this business unit has put together a really impressive track record. Sales growth in the quarter was delivered by each of our three core channels, Foodservice, Convenience Stores and Vending. Foodservice was aided by additional FEMA orders in the aftermath of hurricanes in the Southeastern United States and all three channels benefited from innovation and distribution gains. Margin expansion also continued in the quarter on the strength of ZBB and RGM efforts. These are important and growing channels for us and our sustained momentum reflects our continued focus on winning wherever the shopper shops. In 2018, we expect to see continued growth in sales and share. We'll have to laps some unusual benefits such as hurricane-related shipments in Q3 and Q4 of 2017, but we will continue to grow this business. Profit maybe down, but that's only because of some reallocation of manufacturing and warehousing costs from other North America business units. Now let's talk about our North America other segment, shown on slide number 18. This segment posted another quarter of sales and profit growth in Q4, closing out the year with an impressive second half. U.S. Frozen Foods sustained its momentum with both Eggo and MorningStar Farms, posting strong growth in consumption and share. Eggo continues to benefit from a reformulation to remove artificial flavors and colors as well as the continued success of Disney-Shaped waffles. MorningStar Farms is being driven by effective brand building and in-store support, emphasizing our core on trend, delicious, grilling items. Canada also posted another quarter of sales growth where the growth across our portfolio. Most impressive has been a return to share gains this year in cereal, where brands across our portfolio are responding to innovation and commercial programs. At Kashi company, while we continue to work to stabilize the Kashi brand outside the natural channel, its fourth quarter was highlighted by the continued momentum of our Bear Naked brand, which has become the number one Granola brand in the U.S. behind on trend innovation and expanded distribution. North America other carries momentum into 2018 led by Frozen. We'll also build on the incredible growth of newly acquired RXBAR. Turning to Europe in slide number 19, this region had its best quarter of the year in Q4 from a top line perspective. Not only did we get back to growth, we did it across our portfolio. Pringles continues its return to growth following our interrupted promotional activity in the first half. This brand is back on track in developed markets and continuing its expansion in emerging markets like Russia, Central Eastern Europe and Turkey. Cereal sales grew in the quarter. We grew in the U.K. where we have successfully stabilized share with increased advertising behind core brands. Not only did Crunchy Nut, Corn Flakes and Craig gained share on improved velocities but so did Special K. We also improved our performance across continental Europe in particular France and Italy. Wholesome snacks also posted increased net sales in Q4 with notable contribution from expansion in the Middle East. Europe was one of the businesses were reelected to add some incremental brand building investment in Q4. This pulled down operating profit in the quarter but bodes well for sustaining our improved sales and consumption performance. Europe's fourth quarter performance gives us confidence as we head into 2018. Pringles is back in growth with more expansion to come. Our emerging markets businesses especially markets like Egypt and Russia will continue to grow. And while the developed U.K. and continental Europe markets remained difficult, we're confident we can maintain a stabilization via improved commercial plans such as health and wellness-oriented innovations. And on the operating profit line, we should continue to benefit from productivity initiatives. Slide number 20 discusses Latin America. All year our soft top line and bottom line performance in this region was attributable to one particular sub-region, Caribbean, Central America. Just as we were getting out from under an overhang of trade inventory in the first half, business got substantially interrupted by Hurricanes Maria and Irma in Puerto Rico in late Q3. Business remained challenging through Q4 but we started to see signs of stabilization. Outside of Caribbean/Central America we again posted growth. In Mexico, our biggest business in Latin America our consumption and sales were up in both cereal and snacks, finishing a good year. In the more economically challenged -- in America served sub-region our cereal sales were down but this was offset by strong expansion in snacks. And not fully in these currency neutral comparable results was Parati. Acquired in December 2016, this business tripled our scale in Brazil, and despite very challenging economic conditions, the business posted double-digit growth in both the fourth quarter and full year 2017. It's now largely integrated and is showing in market momentum and it has great plans for expansion. In 2018 we should see stabilization in Caribbean/Central America steady growth in Mexico and momentum in Parati. The result should be improved performance for Latin America, both on the top line and the bottom line. We'll finish off with Asia Pacific on slide number 21 Asia Pacific had another strong quarter with solid top line and bottom line growth. We grew in both cereal and snacks. Cereal growth was led by rapid growth in India and Korea and we also posted another quarter of growth in our very developed Australia cereal business. As we've discussed previously, we have stabilized this business, growing consumption and share through food news and media behind our health and wellness brands as well as innovation and brand building behind our taste-oriented brands. Snacks growth was driven by both the Pringles and wholesome snacks. Pringles' continued growth was broad-based across the region driven by emerging markets as well as Australia and Korea. Wholesome snacks still a relatively small business for us in this region posted a especially strong growth in Korea and we're in the early phases of launching these products elsewhere in Asia and Africa. It's important to remember that these results do not include our joint ventures in West Africa and China. Once again, these operations posted strong double-digit net sales growth year-on-year, continuing to build scale and brand awareness for us in these emerging markets. If these JVs were consolidated, we'll be reporting a significantly larger growth rate in Asia Pacific and in fact, one of the fastest growth rates in our peer group in that region. So, Asia Pacific finished strongly in what was a very good year in 2017. We expect Asia Pacific to continue to be a growth driver for us in 2018, led by cereal and Pringles expansion in Asia. Though not in our consolidated results, we'll also continue to expand our joint ventures. So, allow me to summarize with slide number 22. First, I'm so excited to be here at this company, at this time. We have special brands, special foods, special people and a special culture. These are key ingredients and we have an organization that is hungry to win again. We're coming of the year in which we gained traction in several businesses, reduce our cost structure, improved our working capital and delivered strong profit and earnings growth that was in line with our guidance. We're on sound financial footing going into the New Year. We make big important strategic moves. The transition out of DSD was central to accelerating growth and margin expansion. We boosted our emerging market scale by growing organically while integrating Parati in Brazil and rapidly expanding our joint ventures reach and product line in Africa and China. We acquired RXBAR, filling in a white space for us and offering us a new growth platform and we boosted our resources in sales in the rapidly growing e-commerce channel. We are on our way back towards topline growth. Net sales guidance for 2018 reflects roughly two quarters of negative DSD transition impacts and the prudent assumption that it will take sometime for our investments to take hold. Our commercial ideas are stronger and we are putting increased investment where the growth is. We have strong cost savings that enables us to boost investment in growth while still delivering on margin expansion and solid profit and earnings growth. We'll go into more detail at CAGNY in a couple of weeks. When we'll discussed where I see the most promising growth potential and how our growth trajectory might look over the next few years. I also look forward to meeting many of you while there. I'd like to finish my thanking our employees for their incredible dedication and hard work. And with that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Steven Cahillane: Good morning Alexia.
Fareed Khan: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi there. I guess, I'd like to focus on the morning foods segment because the sales trends have been particularly challenged in their even against a negative comp from a year ago. Could you talk a little bit about the competitive dynamics there? It looks as though your key competitor is taking pricing down. And also, maybe trends on distribution in the U.S. cereal cash growth for you as well. When do you expect that to actually bounce back into positive sales growth? Thank you and I’ll pass it on.
Steven Cahillane: Thank you, Alexia, I appreciate the question. First, I'd start off by saying as with regards to our Morning Foods business, it's an important business for us and one that we believe can return to growth. And we've demonstrated that by growing 3 of the 4 core cereal markets around the world. We stabilized the business in Canada, in U.K., and Australia around the playbook that focuses on nutrition, on brand building and in-store execution. These are the things that I've learned in my four months. Our key drivers to the category, they stabilize the business in those three markets and they can do the same thing in the North American market as well. Having said all that, I'd also remind you though that Morning Foods is not going to be the growth driver for us in the Kellogg Company. We know we can stabilize it, we aim to stabilize it but we look across the world and we see our emerging markets growing the way that they are. Asia Pacific doing incredibly well, the growth of Parati in Brazil and Mexico back to growth, the U.K. and Europe stabilizing and growing in the second half and the incredible growth driver that is Pringles around the world. It sets us up for really solid growth. But Morning Foods is a business that we know we can stabilize once again focusing on nutrition, brand building, in-store execution and the right level of investment. And you'll see that coming out of Q4 where we put additional investment behind all of the businesses that I just spoke about and that will continue to the first half of 2018 where we aim to slowly stabilize the business of Morning Foods.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I’ll stick to my one question and pass it on.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, Alexia.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Good morning.
Steven Cahillane: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. I guess a question around the Snacks business and investment in 2018. Steve, can you talk a little bit about how much of the investment is going behind I guess, increasing like marketing or pull investments? And how much of it in 2018 will go towards -- beginning to expand the snacks footprint into other channels? Given that it had such a -- sort of such focus on large-format foods. Really trying to understand how much of that investment is brand pull or marketing pull or how much might be reached out distribution into channels where it was underrepresented?
Steven Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks, Bryan. First, I know you're aware of the whole reason why we pulled out of DSD. It was not a good return on investment and we felt -- and I give great credit to the team that pulled this off because it was incredibly complex and it was brave and it was done with great execution. And it allowed us to put that money back into brand building. Significant pressure against the brands started last year, will continue into this year with the whole model now being a pull model versus the DSD push model focus on the consumer, focus on brand building. Having said that, there's also innovation coming in different formats that you talked about, more focus on immediate consumption where we believe we have big opportunities. And so, you'll see us doing a lot of innovative things, a lot more brand building things. And it's all -- what's allowed us to do this is the whole DSD exit and the focus on pull and brand building. So very pleased about where we are, pleased about the investment back into the top line and we believe we'll see good underlying growth based on the execution of the program.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Two questions. One is just on currency. I have thought that you would have a little bit more EPS benefit from currency for the year than what you seem to be intimating here. Is there something happening from across currency standpoint that's -- I guess, contradicting that? And secondly, Steve, it is great to see Europe, Australia stabilizing. But I guess, over the years we've been trained to -- I guess, not quite trust stabilization in those markets, things happen and I just wanted to know if you have a good sense of why these efforts that have been made more recently have some sustainability to it? And do you believe that the category in those markets is stable? Or is it just like what your business is doing is executing better? Thanks.
Fareed Khan: Robert, it's Fareed. I'll start by just your questions on currency. Obviously, we look at the future just like everybody else. And so, this thing can move around a little bit. But our review in 2018 is that we're going to see modestly positive FX impact on the business and that's what we've given. There's also country mix that factors into their when we look at different parts of our business growing. And then our primary exposure is to obviously the dollar, the pound, the Canadian dollars and the Mexican peso and so it's really those -- the key currencies that factor into it. But right now, our view is modestly positive for next year is that the percentage point is at 1.5, that's kind of the range that we are in right now. I'll turn it back to Steve.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Robert, thanks for the question. I'm not going to overpromise and say that nothing's ever going to happen and businesses aren't going to fluctuate and go up and down in competitive environments. But what I will tell you is what I've seen in those three core markets has been an execution, a solid execution around, what we call here, the playbook and again, its nutrition, brand building, in-store execution and excellence in execution. And I see that in the three markets. And I'll give you some examples of that. So, for example, in the U.K. Corn Flakes has been a business that's been around for a very, very long time, very mature business and the team there put together a new brand building idea, a program around what we internally call, versatility. But was really a reintroduction to consumers, to reconsider Corn Flakes in various dayparts and really fun way to talk about in a social media way how people enjoy the perfect bowl of corn flakes. It went viral, it became part of the dialogue, it became contemporary again and Corn Flakes started growing double digits. And so, to point to things like that and you see things like that, and it fundamentally reinforces to me that this is a business that can grow. The other thing I would tell you is, the hard-pressed to find businesses with household penetration that are almost 100. I mean, getting it into people's pantries is not difficult, it happens. But getting people excited about it is our job to do. And we can do better in brand building, in the United States and we've got good programs and good ideas that we're bringing forward. I guess, another thing I'd tell you is it just requires innovation and constant innovation and really pressing ourselves. And if you look at Bear Naked in the U.S. which is now the number one granola brand, it's number one granola brand because it's excellent food, well executed and it’s really connecting with the consumer. So, it's up to us to really maintain a high standard of these things and execute with excellence because it's not easy. It's a competitive category, it does respond when it's marketed too well but if you stumble, you can lose some volume. So, we're bound and determined to grow the three markets that are stabilized, to stabilize our North American Morning Foods business. But as I said earlier to Alexia, it's also you shouldn't look at U.S. Morning Foods and say this is going to be the growth engine for the Kellogg company. It's all the things that I mentioned earlier around emerging markets, around our Other brands and categories, getting bigger and smacking. This company over the course of the last five years has really transitioned itself from primarily a cereal business to a much more of an innovative snacking business. And the latest acquisition of RXBAR is just kind of a cherry on top. That's a business that filled the white space for us and it's doing incredibly well and really connecting with consumers and growing rapidly. Has outside share based on its ACV distribution. So, you'll see us invest wisely around where we see the real opportunities to grow this business but we will not starve areas of the business that we know that are important and we'll do it prudently and wisely. And I believe we can get all four businesses in a good stable position but I come around and again to say it won't always be perfect. In any business that has the type of excellent portfolio spread wide that we do. They're always going to be errors that are accelerating and are doing well and areas that we're working. We're not always going to have a U.S. Frozen business that's going double digits. But when we do we'll invest wisely behind it. Try and continue to push that. We'll have to be cognizant of all the different portfolio pieces that we have invest wisely so that we can grow the totality of our business.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. Steve, if you look at the EBIT margin including the change in pension accounting I would argue it's a little bit toward the lower side of the peer group depending on who you're including in that. Can you talk a bit and I know it’s still early days for you and maybe haven't done this full analysis yet but as you look down the road how much of a margin opportunity do you see and if you do see one where might some of those opportunities come from?
Steven Cahillane: Yeah, ken, thanks for the question. I do see opportunities to continue to expand our margin. But the important thing that I see is it’s an end thing. We'll have to continue to expand our margins and we have to grow our top line by continued smart brand building investment. Currently our index versus our peers is higher in brand building. So that's one of the reasons where a little bit lower on the operating profit margin. But having said that, we clearly have an opportunity to continue to expand our margin and you'll see us to get towards continued top line growth, continued margin expansion. The best way that I see it expanding our margins is continuing the great discipline that is happening around this company around cost containment and cost reduction. You've seen that in Project K, you've seen that in ZBB, you've seen that in Zero overhead growth, will all which has led to the 250-basis point improvement that Fareed talk about and will continue into this year allowing us to achieve that 350 basis points but that's not a finish line. It's not a finish line so we'll continue to expand our margin but the best way to do it again is to maintain a good cost discipline and to grow the top line. And do those both types of things. When you get into a nice algorithm that historically we've seen in this business and we believe we can get there and it will be by focusing on both of those things. Top line growth and cost containment leading to good margin expansion.
Ken Goldman: All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Rainey with Pivotal Research Group. Please go ahead.
Tim Rainey: Thanks so much. Steve, your background is considerably different than Mini and Kellogg. And I didn't really get into kind of strategic use of capital. I know you're not going to in response to the question but is something we expect you to discuss at CAGNY in a more full way?
Steven Cahillane: Thanks for the question, Tim. We're going to discuss at CAGNY a much more wholesome strategic view where we see the company going over the course of the next three-plus years and beyond to include many things. What we promise here today is to talk about 2018 guidance which we've done and then at CAGNY we'll be talking about the more strategic questions that you raised.
Tim Rainey: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Steven Cahillane: Good morning.
David Driscoll: I wanted to ask about the reinvestments. It's a bit of fourth quarter question here and a bit of a 2018 question. The snack business I think the original projection was 17% margin by 2019. You hit that number in the fourth quarter here so clearly an delivery EPS comes in a little bit ahead of consensus. In a lot of places, you so you reinvested. Is it correct to say that snacks fairly substantially over delivered and then the company chose to take that over delivery and reinvest it across the business in the fourth quarter? And then in 2018 can you give us some quantification of the size of this reinvestment. Thank you.
Fareed Khan: Sure David, its Fareed. We did have a strong Q4 snacks definitely have a strong quarter. We did have other businesses that had very strong results as well. The snacks success is really the successful execution against the DSD exit we've been talking about that for several quarters. But the key elements of that fell right into place and we're starting to benefit from the overall savings that are pulling through. There's always a plan to invest back in snacks brand building as you recall we actually pull back in some of those investments in Q2 and Q3 to just sort keep promotional activity stable. So, we're probably light on the investments back into those key snacks brands. That came on as planned in Q4. Those will continue and so we're back at it and we're actually seeing our velocities and we are seeing some of those brands come back which is encouraging. On top of that because of the strong performance we did additional investments in very targeted areas so we look across the different opportunities we have some beers solid ROI metrics. And we look across opportunities and we probably have somewhere in the order of $50 million year-over-year a lift in brand building in Q4, which is pretty meaningful but we're on track for our strong full year delivery and we're pleased with the outcomes. As we look into 2018, what we want to do is make sure that we got fuel in the first couple quarters to continue to build on that momentum. And so, as you think about Q1 and Q2 what you see there is a sort of our run rate incremental brand building investment like we see in Q4. And again, for sure in snacks because that's always the plan we're also taking a pretty targeted look in other businesses, it's not just North American and around the world. That's why in the phasing we want you to consider heavy incremental brand building Q1, Q2. And then going back more to a normalized phase then we'll see how the year progresses. Obviously, if the brands are responding we'll continue to keep the pressure. But we like what we see so far.
David Driscoll: So, it sounds like the narrative is pretty straightforward. You guys are exceeding your plan. You're taking some of that over delivery reinvested it got to continue into 2018. I think that's what you just said. Steve maybe you can comment on your nonorganic revenue forecast I think minus 1% to minus 2% just connect the dots for us when we're all this reinvestment it sounds great. When you listen to the organic revenue forecast it still weak. Minus 1% to minus 2% is it just very conservative on your all start or do you just think it takes that much time before we can actually get back to something positive?
Steven Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks, David. I point out a couple of things. We still have the headwind of the DSD exit which continues into the first of which is worth about a point. We'll look at the underlying really to be flat to minus 1%. I wouldn't call it conservative I'll call it prudent. I think it’s right down the middle. We've got RXBAR which led a 1% to 2%. So, we're trying to get this business, talking about growth, focused on growth and clearly, we are investing in growth. Now having said that, I see a lot of opportunities around the world and in North America already growing we've got Asia Pacific, we've got Pringles globally, U.S. Frozen which I mentioned which is really hitting on all cylinders right now U.S. Specialty with 10 quarters of solid growth. And then the emerging markets which are very exciting to us with stabilization in CARICOM good momentum in Parati opportunity to expand snacks in Asia. And so, I get to the point of your question you say all of those things and say, that sounds exciting why not the more aggressive growth forecast. We're going to shoot to grow better than that but we think it's better to be prudent but we're going to shoot to do better than that. And as Fareed said we've invested in the fourth quarter we like what we see coming out of that investment. We're going to put continued pressure in the marketplace if you talk what Fareed to talk about in the fourth quarter and you carried that through 2018, we'll have at least $100 million of additional brand building pressure in the marketplace. And I'd love to be in a position where we're talking about exceeding our net sales goals. But right now, we think it’s just smart to be prudent since it's still early.
David Driscoll: I really appreciate the depth of your answer. Thank you.
Steven Cahillane: Thank you, David.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew Grainger: Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to ask about gross margin. I guess Fareed I know you talked about some of the puts and takes continued impact from rebasing the margin structure and snacks and then some benefits from pricing. But can you give us any more quantified view of the gross margin outlook off of whatever the restated basis ultimately going to be both on the underlying basis so you want to be taken into account of the DSD exit. And I guess, just in terms of other specifics just any commentary you can give us in the impact of freight costs and how that's reflected in the outlook.
Steven Cahillane: Sure. So, let's take gross margins and for the moment peel away the effect of the DSD dynamics. What we want to see is stable to slightly improving margins and that's going to come from continuing to innovate and drive products that are mix accretive but a big part of that is the efficiency programs that we drive every day. What we do expect to see logistics inflation would be a factor some of the commodities that go into our products, we see inflationary some are the other way. But the most important thing is we've got ongoing productivity and cost savings initiatives and addressing those and so we see gross margins up to flattish as we go into next year. Then when you overlay the DSD there's a mechanical effect of the price adjustments and there's also a geography impact where the DSD model all of those delivery warehouse related costs go through overhead some of those now flow throughout cost of goods. So, you factored that out but what you get to a stable to slightly improving gross margin and that's primarily driven by productivity offsetting those inflation factors I talked about.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. And just a follow-up on the last piece. To the impact of higher freight costs, obviously that's something you can offset for the productivity and the cost savings. But how severe of a discrete headwind is that?
Fareed Khan: So, it’s a factor. With combination of driver shortages and regulation changes, it's something I think that everybody is facing. So, it’s something that we need to manage. So, logistics specifically, we saw the double-digit types of increases in Q4. We expect to see high single-digits as we go into 2018. How that plays out over the longer-term it will be difficult to watch. But it's back to really looking at our network and continue to make sure that we've got the most efficient network. And part of the DSD logic again was to get all our businesses in one platform and that creates the basis for continuing to optimize and to move forward. But I think in the near term, logistics will be a challenge for everybody.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. Thanks for the color, Fareed. Appreciated it.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Steven Cahillane: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: As you think about brand spending or investments. How do you determine what the optimal level is? And is it benchmarking against peers or a percentage of sales or just some of what your history has been. How do you factor all that in and what drives you think about what the right increases are?
Steven Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Michael. I can tell you what I found when I came in was a very good and sophisticated marketing mix model with good ROI measurements. And so, you kind of start there in terms of understanding what you can get for your investment. But there's nothing like a great idea, well executed that builds equity and drives consumer interests, drives trial, drives repeat. And so, there's no one model that will tell you where you get to the point of diminishing returns, but great ideas well-funded can do wonders for brands and we've seen that and we continue to see that here. Having said that, there's also minimal requirements for brands that are important part of our stable that we make sure that we don't slavishly just chase where the best ROI's are, but we're also prudent and we give solid brands enough support so that we don't have a tail that we have to address down the road. So, there's a lot of science to it, but there's still some art to it. 25 years ago, it was 80% art and maybe 90% art and 10% science. Now you're probably 70% science, the rest judgment, wisdom, experience and art. And we're trying to put all those things into place as we build plans and then you adjust those plans as you say exactly was happening and what return you're getting and what's moving the needle.
Michael Lavery: And do you have a commensurate increase in R&D for the innovation to put the marketing dollars behind? How do you – are those coupled at all and how do you think about that bucket of spending?
Steven Cahillane: Well, it's an important bucket of spend and be very focused on innovation, and you'll see us bringing things in the back half of this year and into 2019 that we're working out accelerating right now that come right out of our R&D group, working together with our business units. We've got a terrific R&D facility here, it's inspiring to go through. I've been very impressed by the capability that we have and so it’s clearly in there as I look around that's worthy of investment, but it's got to be completely joined up with the rest of the businesses. And I think from an efficiency standpoint, we can probably do even more with what we have currently. As we look at the model it doesn't all have to be in-sourced, it comes through partnerships, it comes through activities like our 1829 investments, it comes from even acquisitions, RXBAR brought tremendous amount of new thinking and innovative thinking and entrepreneurial flair to the company. So, we look at it holistically. But we are excited when we see the opportunity to put a $100 million of additional pressure behind our brands over a kind of a rolling 12-month basis.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Please go ahead.
Pablo Zuanic: Thanks, good morning. It's a philosophical question, but Coca-Cola Company where you were before does a great job in terms of persuading people in emerging markets to drink soft drinks. And do you really see the potential in emerging markets and cultures where cereal is not part of a local habit or culture for Kellogg to really build that business over time, or is your focus going to be more on developing the snacks business in the emerging markets, and not emphasize cereal as much? That's the first question and second one just related to that, when you bought RXBAR you talk about pivoting to growth through acquisitions. That was my interpretation at that time. Does that mean that at some point we've seen coffee companies like soft drink companies, we've seen coffee companies, pet food companies, does that mean that Kellogg at some point as it pivots to growth that it will look at other categories also? Thank you.
Steven Cahillane: Yeah, Pablo, thanks for the question. First on the cereal in emerging markets, I see a real opportunity to actually develop that in many markets. But it's an end thing, our bigger opportunity, I mean, as we have a huge opportunity with Pringles and snacks around the world. I was in Nigeria just a couple of weeks ago, we've just launched cereal there and that was very exciting to watch. It was very exciting to be with the team as they were going through the plans and actually launching the product. So, we see good opportunities. Affordable, it's healthy; it hits on a lot of trends around health and wellness, around megatrends of emerging markets and growing middle classes. In many ways, just a perfect addition to diets and lifestyles in many emerging markets but it's an end thing because we have a big opportunity with snacks in emerging markets as well. And the other thing I'd tell you – answer your question around acquisitions, I want to be very clear, they're great opportunities as we look around the world to do acquisitions like RXBAR, where we see a white space in our own company and we see the right opportunity at the right price and we have to be very, very disciplined buyers as it pertains to M&A. But the single biggest opportunity I see is actually organic growth both in our North American business but in our out of America North America business, our emerging market business and our Europe business. So, we've got great opportunity with this wonderful stable of brands that we have. To grow them through focusing on the right brand building activities and again leaning forward and investing in the brands what you're seeing us do with this $100 million of rolling 12-month pressure against them. And we believe there's great portfolio of brands can grow, not every single one and not every single geography, but on balance we can get an algorithm of growth that really works for us and then we can look at bolt-on acquisitions like RXBAR as an accompaniment to that. And so that's the way I kind of see our portfolio and I think it’s very exciting. And so, thanks for the question.
John Renwick: Unfortunately, we've hit 10:30. So we're going to have to finish the call here. I'm around all day, if you have any other follow-up questions but thanks for your time and interest. Operator?
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-31 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John Renwick, CFA - Kellogg Co. John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co. Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co. Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co. Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Thank you. Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick, CFA - Kellogg Co.: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our third quarter 2017 results. I'm joined this morning by: John Bryant, our Chairman, who will provide an overview of the quarter in the context of our strategy; Steve Cahillane, our new CEO, who will introduce himself and make some initial observations; Fareed Khan, Chief Financial Officer, who will walk you through our financial results and outlook; and Paul Norman, President of North America, who will update you on our North America businesses. Slide number 2 shows our usual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, profit margins, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand-building, upfront costs, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, when describing our results and outlook during today's prepared remarks, we will be referring to them on a currency-neutral comparable basis, unless otherwise noted. The appendices to our presentation provide you with the details on our GAAP and non-GAAP performance. Finally, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, November 7. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And now, I'll turn it over to John and slide number 3.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. As announced last month, I am retiring, after seven years as Kellogg's CEO and 20 years with the company, in order to spend more time with my family. There's never a perfect time to make a move like this, but the Q3 results and outlook and where we are on key initiatives make this an appropriate time to make this transition. I also strongly believe that Steve Cahillane is the right person for the role. He has significant leadership experience, including as a CEO. His extensive background in CPG companies means he knows how to grow big brands. His experience in international markets means he knows how to expand abroad. And his latest stint at Nature's Bounty gives him keen insights on today's health and wellness definition. He brings fresh perspectives from the outside that can help drive new ideas. Steve's spent the past month reviewing the plans of each of our regions. He takes the reins at a time when the company is undergoing an enormous transformation, amidst an industry that is undergoing significant change. And I'm even more convinced today that he's the right person for the job. Steve, welcome aboard.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John, and hello, everyone. I'm excited to be here. Let me first thank John for his service and a very effective transition. I'm glad to have him staying on as Chairman into March of next year. I'm only four weeks into the job, but I've had the opportunity to review the commercial and supply chain plans of most of our businesses. And what I've learned has only confirmed that I made the right decision to come to Kellogg. First, we've got incredible brands, outstanding food and a strong culture. These factors have made Kellogg special for over a century. Second, the company's on sound financial footing. Project K included some very aggressive actions, and Zero-Based Budgeting required the entire organization to change the way it works. The cost structure has been reduced, underlying profitability has been improved and returns on investment are improving. And third, based on what I've seen over the past few weeks, the company can and will return to top-line growth. Key elements are already in growth, from Pringles to our Frozen Foods brands, to our Specialty Channels businesses, to our expanding emerging market presence. The entire organization is hungry to get back to growth, and it's open to new ideas. For instance, our 1894 venture capital fund invests in early stage technology and food businesses. We've been experimenting with direct-to-consumer for our Bear Naked brand, and we're learning from the pop-up cafes we've opened up around the world. And as evidenced by the acquisition of RXBAR, we're even willing to acquire growth. This is not a company that's sitting on its hands. So Kellogg is already doing many of the right things to get back on track amidst a very challenging industry environment, particularly around cost structure and emerging market scale. Businesses are starting to turn, and there's more we can do, so I'm very excited. I'll have more thoughts to share after my first 100 days or roughly the time of CAGNY. I look forward to working with all of you in the investor community. So for now, I'll turn it back to John and the rest of the business update.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Steve. Let's turn to the quarter and slide 5. We generated strong double-digit growth in operating profit, and we generated sequential improvement in our top line. These results keep us on track to achieve our guidance for the year. A few highlights: Project K and ZBB have reduced our cost structure, enabling us to continue to improve margins significantly and keeping us on pace toward our margin expansion goals. DSD transition continued to go as planned. We're now out of DSD completely, a tremendous joint execution by our team and our customers. Paul will talk more about this in a moment. As expected, we posted sequential improvement in net sales during Q3, driven by what we said would drive it. Special K's declines moderated across categories and countries. Pringles regained its promotional footing in Europe, returning to growth there and globally. And North America Other returned to growth as Frozen gained momentum and Canada and Kashi continued to improve. We also progressed on other growth avenues. eCommerce growth continued, reflecting a broad push to win wherever the shopper shops. Emerging markets expansion continued, especially when you consider our unconsolidated and rapidly-growing joint ventures as well as the integration and growth of Parati, the business we acquired in Brazil last December. And we acquired a new growth platform in RXBAR. Let's take a closer look at some of these areas of progress. We'll start with slide 6 and how we're doing on stabilizing the health and wellness elements of our portfolio. We've mentioned previously that one brand, Special K, accounted for all of our net sales decline, and then some, through the past couple of years. Stabilizing this brand is an obvious priority. Through renovation and innovation of our food and packaging, strengthening our food credentials and through a new inner strength positioning, which media only just went on air at the beginning of Q3, we are seeing signs of progress. Specifically, we've seen a clear moderation in its net sales decline in cereal globally. And we have cut its consumption and share declines in half in cereal markets ranging from the U.S., to Canada to Spain and even more dramatically in markets like the UK and Mexico. This is encouraging progress for a very big brand whose declines had a significant impact on our total company net sales. Next, you can see on slide 7 that our Pringles sales returned to growth in Q3, as we had indicated. As you know, this is our biggest brand globally, with excellent prospects to sustain growth. And it had been growing consistently in the mid-single digits ever since we acquired it in late 2012. Unfortunately, you'll recall that we ran into a temporary setback earlier this year, when prolonged customer negotiations kept us out of normal promotion activities in Europe during Q1 and Q2. The good news is that over the course of Q3, we did return to promotional activity, and this turned our European Pringles sales from sharp decline into resumed growth. Just as important, Pringles recorded net sales growth in Q3 across all of our regions globally. Slide 8 offers another encouraging sign. We've returned to share gains in our three core developed cereal markets outside the U.S. They are Australia, Canada and the UK. You'll recall that stabilizing these markets was a major priority for us this year. And we're executing well on the three things that we know drives cereal consumption: food use, in the form of renovation and innovation that emphasized nutrition credentials or enhanced taste; great commercial ideas that engage consumers; and winning in-store during key promotional events. As a result, we're winning in these markets across a number of brands. The U.S. is a different story this year, and this is disappointing. After having stabilized that business in 2015 and 2016, we haven't brought enough excitement to the category this year, but as Paul will address in a moment, we're implementing a much stronger 2018 plan. The point is we are proving that we can stabilize these big developed cereal markets and we can return them to growth in the future. Finally, I'd like to say a few words about RXBAR, the acquisition we announced a few weeks ago and closed just a few days ago. This is on slide 9. This is a high quality premium brand in a unique position, at the intersection of simple natural ingredients and high protein. It's growing rapidly. Its sales will nearly quadruple in 2017. And somewhat rare in this space, it is already very profitable. RXBAR will operate independently, preserving what makes it special, including its talented people and entrepreneurial culture. Kellogg is here to help RXBAR in its next leg of growth via our substantial R&D resources and through our ability to expand its distribution. This will serve as a new additional platform for growth for us. This is a special opportunity, and we're excited about its growth prospects. So overall, we feel good about the direction we're heading. Let me now turn it over to Fareed to talk you through your financials.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John. Slide 10 shows a summary of our financial results in Q3 and year-to-date. Our third quarter results came in largely as expected. Net sales declined in the quarter on a currency-neutral comparable basis, but again showed sequential improvement, even despite the negative impact of the DSD transitions planned price adjustments and disruptions as we moved our U.S. Snacks business to a warehouse model. Operating profit continued to increase in the quarter, with growth accelerating, largely because our DSD overhead savings began to be realized. Earnings per share grew, despite comparing against an unusually low tax rate a year ago, keeping us solidly on track for our full year guidance. There's a little bit of timing favorability, which I'll discuss in a moment, but, overall, a good quarter. So let's get into a little bit more detail. Slide 11 breaks our currency-neutral comparable net sales performance into its key components. As you can see from the slide, our volume declines moderated again, as we saw marked improvement in the trends for specific brands and businesses that we had called out previously. For example, Pringles returned to growth in Europe after an unusual decline in the first half. We saw a moderation of declines in Special K and Kashi, as renovated product lines took hold on shelf and new media campaigns went on air. And our U.S. Frozen brands, Eggo and Morningstar Farms, picked up momentum that started in Q2. And, as planned, the DSD transition had a bigger negative impact on sales in Q3 than it did in the first half. This impact is comprised of two factors: first, the volume impacts of pulling back on merchandising early in the quarter to facilitate the transition, as well as the impact of SKU rationalization; and second, the list price adjustment we gave our customers because we no longer provide the services of ordering, warehousing, delivery and stocking. So, roughly speaking, we estimate these DSD transition-related items collectively to have impacted net sales by less than minus 2% in the quarter. It's important to realize that our price/mix was again positive, and that's in spite of the realized price adjustments in our DSD exited categories. So overall, we think net sales in Q3 did pick up about a percentage point of growth from trade inventory build ahead of hurricanes in the Southeastern U.S., and we believe this trade inventory will come out in Q4. Once again, while we are not content with our net sales declines, by any means, Q3 did reflect continued improvement, even excluding unusual factors like the DSD transition and hurricane-related shipments. Turning to slide 12, you'll see that our profit margin initiatives remain on track. From Project K, to ZBB, to the various capabilities that we've developed to improve ROI, we continue to progress towards our margin expansion goals. The bulk of the investments and actions at Project K are now largely behind us, with incremental savings running through 2019. The same goes for ZBB, which is now incorporated into our daily operations. Our ROI efforts are ongoing, and we have much of the infrastructure and processes in place. This includes deeper analytics that help us prioritize investments and more real-time measurement that allows us to course-correct. The impact of these initiatives is why we say we have such good visibility into our cost structure going into the next couple of years. The impact of these margin expansion efforts can be seen in our Q3 and year-to-date profit margins shown on slide 13. Gross profit margin was flat in the quarter, but, remember, this includes the reset of our U.S. Snacks gross margin as it shifts out of DSD and into warehouse. Specifically, the DSD transition involves the adjustment of our list prices and it also involves increased resources in warehouse logistics, which are now is COGS. Excluding this DSD-related reset in U.S. Snacks, our gross margin continued to increase during Q3, as savings from Project K supply chain restructuring and from Zero-Based Budgeting, continue to more than offset the cost of investing in food and packaging and the operating leverage impact of lower volume. On our operating profit margin, we saw an acceleration of our already strong expansion, led by efficiencies and savings in SG&A. The SG&A improvement has been evident all year, aided by ZBB and Project K, but accelerated sharply in Q3 when we started to see the DSD overhead savings. There is a portion of our operating profit that was timing-related. Specifically, we did delay some brand-building investment out of Q3. For instance, in U.S. Snacks, we increased our investment a little less than originally planned because we wanted to get further through the transition. This brand-building will be invested in Q4. Nevertheless, we're obviously pleased with our operating profit growth in Q3, and our margin expansion remains very much on track. Also on track is cash flow, as shown on slide 14. Year-to-date, our cash flow is tracking ahead of last year. Our net income is higher and our core working capital improved as a percentage of sales year-over-year, driven by payables. So through the first nine months, we still feel good about hitting our full year cash flow target. With that, let's turn to slide 15. Our Q3 results kept us well on pace towards our full-year guidance, so we are reaffirming our guidance for currency-neutral comparable net sales, operating profit and EPS, as well as cash flow. Now, we recognize that our Q3 results may have been ahead of your expectations, so let me explain a few timing-related elements that you should take into account when considering our unchanged full-year guidance. First, on net sales, we had a couple of timing-related shipment benefits in Q3, as I mentioned earlier. Hurricane-related shipments are likely to come out of Q4. And we also benefited from some DSD-related pipeline fill shipments that we'd expected to come back in Q2, and that is now behind us as we progress to Q4. Additionally, U.S. Snacks in Q4 will also have a full quarter of the list price adjustment. These factors mean our net sales will decline a bit more than they did in Q3. However, it's important to note that if you exclude these hurricane and DSD-related impacts, we expect to see continued sequential improvement in our underlying net sales. On operating profit, here are some things to note. We did delay some brand-building into Q4, as I already mentioned. And on top of that, we are investing some of Q3's upside into incremental brand-building to help us improve our top-line performance going into next year. This should result in a double-digit increase on year-over-year brand-building. So put this on top of an already difficult comparison and you can see why our Q4 operating profit growth will likely be smaller than our large Q3 gain. But again, smoothing out for timing, the underlying business delivery continues to improve, especially given the full quarter of DSD overhead savings. So that's how we see phases and we have good confidence in our ability to deliver our full-year guidance. In fact, the only changes we are making today are to items outside our currency-neutral comparable performance, specifically: our upfront costs, which came down mainly because of curtailment gains related to pension-plan amendments; and currency translations, which have been trending more favorably. These two items are detailed in our press release. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Paul to give you an update on our North American business segments.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Fareed. We'll start with our transformation of U.S. Snacks and an update on our DSD transition on slide number 16. I'm very pleased with the execution of this extremely complex undertaking. Customer feedback has been very good, and our operational metrics are all on track. By the end of July, we were shipping completely via warehouse distribution to all customers and exiting our DCs, trucks and equipment and reducing the workforce. We are working diligently with our customer to ensure all details and issues are taken care of. And I'm extremely proud of how our organization has risen to this challenge. From the standpoint of in-market performance, you saw the impact of the transition in our scanner data and we expected this. We pulled right back on promotional activity in order to facilitate the production and shipping of initial inventories to the warehouses of our customers. This resulted in sharp declines in incremental sales, promotional volume and number of displays. Our average number of items are down, too, reflecting our SKU rationalization. Now, as we look forward, we will see momentum build behind a more focused assortment on-shelf and fewer, but bigger, displays with an emphasis on quality positions. All of this will be supported by significant increases in brand-building against our largest brands, as we move from push to pull. The net results of all of this will be an improvement in our in-market performance over the coming weeks and months. From a financial perspective, the transformation of Snacks remains on track. We have already begun to boost our brand-building investment. And, as you can see in our Q3 P&L, the expected overhead reductions are coming through to the bottom line. An undertaking of this magnitude isn't easy. We've come a long way and we still have work to do. But you're starting to see U.S. Snack's future taking shape. There is no question that this will become a stronger, more profitable business. Snack's Q3 results, summarized on slide number 17, came in as expected. Net sales were impacted by the factors we've already discussed: the list price adjustment; the pullback in merchandising; and the rationalization of SKUs. Nevertheless, we also saw a strong increase in operating profit and operating margin. We did boost our brand-building investment in Q3, which bodes well for future performance. And this was more than offset by a ramp-up of overhead savings during the quarter, as we reduced our workforce and exited distribution centers, trucks and equipment. In the fourth quarter, we're working to build momentum. We're increasing brand-building significantly, including in-market promotional support. And we expect to see an improvement in consumption. Meanwhile, we'll be close to a full overhead savings rate, boosting profit. We'll give back some benefits from Q3, including hurricane-related shipments and some brand-building timing, but profit growth will still be very strong. Now, let's turn to slide number 18 and U.S. Morning Foods, where our top-line and in-market performance have been below our expectations. There are some things that have continued to work well. We've continued to gain share in kid-oriented brands like Frosted Flakes and Froot Loops, which have brought to market innovation and brand-building that have excited consumers. And we've continued to improve our profit margins through effective productivity initiatives. Where we've fallen short is on bringing enough excitement to our adult-oriented health and wellness brands. This is the segment that is most holding down the entire cereal category's sales and especially ours. What we have to do is get back to running the playbook that worked well for us before this year and that is working well for our kid-oriented brands to-date. So here's what we're planning for 2018. Firstly, we do have stronger commercial ideas. We have new media that will emphasize the health and wellness credentials of Mini-Wheats and Raisin Bran, two brands that simply didn't have strong enough brand-building this year. We also launched the next phase of the Special K Own It campaign, emphasizing the brand's inner strength credentials and positioning. And we've got great ideas for our kid-oriented brands, emphasizing out of breakfast snacking, for example. Secondly, you will see a step change in innovation next year. We'll renovate and innovate against our core, with news on Frosted Flakes and Froot Loops as well as more fruit-filled Raisin Bran and Special K that moves into probiotics. This is bigger innovation activity than this year. We'll also try some new things that are new to the category. These will lean into health and wellness and into convenience. And you will hear more about them in the months to come. Third, we'll drive bigger in-store excitement, with stronger properties and events and programs that leverage a total Kellogg go-to-market model now that U.S. Snacks is no longer in DSD. Imagine, for example, promotions and displays featuring Rice Krispies and Rice Krispies Treats together. We can now do that seamlessly for the first time. We'll do these three things for Pop-Tarts as well. This brand will come to market with strong food news in January. And we'll follow that up with differentiated innovation around mid-year. We know what needs to be done because we've done it before. Remember, we stabilized U.S. cereal in 2015 and 2016, and we've done it this year in our other three core cereal markets, all following the same playbook. For the rest of 2017, I don't see a change in trend for Morning Foods. But I am encouraged by the strength of our plans and expect much improved performance in 2018. Now, let's talk about Specialty Channels shown on slide number 19. This business posted its ninth straight quarter of sales and profit growth in Q3, a reflection of continued good execution by our team. Sales growth in the quarter was led by both convenience and foodservice channels, Specialty segments like K through 12 schools and cafeterias, with an added pickup from hurricane-related orders. The hybrid direct and broker approach we implemented early this year is giving us greater focus on key accounts and channels, while more economically expanding our reach to new customers. And it gives us confidence in the future growth potential for this business. Margin expansion continued on the strength of ZBB and RGM efforts. These are important and growing channels for us. And our sustained momentum reflects our continued commitment and focus to winning wherever the shopper shops. Turning to slide number 20 and our North American Other segment. We had signaled an improved second half. And this segment certainly delivered, with a return to top line growth in Q3. U.S. Frozen Foods sustained the momentum it started the previous quarter. Eggo accelerated its consumption growth and share gains on the strength of its removal of artificial colors and flavors and the success of Disney-shaped waffles. It also benefited from the exit of a competitor. This was skewed mostly to the east coast, and the brand grew even excluding this. Our Morningstar Farms line has returned to consumption and share growth, too, reflecting focused marketing and in-store support on our core burger offerings during the summer grilling season. Kashi Company continued its sequential improvement in the quarter, as anticipated. Whilst we haven't completely lapped some of the distribution declines on the Kashi brand, we are seeing strong momentum in cereal share led by Bare Naked, which is now the number one granola brand in the U.S. Meanwhile, our renovated snacks offerings are stabilizing share, as we had anticipated, with share getting back up to flat in the quarter. In Canada, we generated continued improvement in consumption, with broad-based share gains in both cereal and snacks. This business has now lapped the elasticity impact of price increases executed last year and is showing consistent improvement as we invest behind strong commercial programming and innovation. So to wrap up North America, I'm encouraged by the way we're executing post-DSD in Snacks. I'm delighted to see our North American Other businesses turning around. And we're sustaining good momentum in Specialty Channels. Cereal is a tough category right now, but we have a stronger commercial plan in place, particularly as we get to 2018. And, of course, I like what we've done to our cost structure, which has driven continued margin expansion. I'll now hand you back to John for a review of international business.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Paul. Let's now discuss Europe, shown on slide 21. We had a much improved top-line performance in Europe in Q3. And as we had anticipated, it was driven by two key factors. The first was Pringles. You'll recall that our European Pringles business, which had been growing reliably at a mid to high single-digit rate in recent years, suddenly declined at a sharp rate in the first half. This negative swing reflected prolonged negotiations with customers regarding our price increase on reformulated product. While these negotiations were largely behind us by early Q2, our share of merchandising events was reduced significantly through the entire first half. As anticipated, we resumed promotional activity during Q3 and returned the brand to year-on-year sales growth. The second major factor was UK cereal. This is a key business that has been declining for us in recent years, and that stabilization is something we called out as a major priority for us this year. And we're doing just that. In Q3, our consumption and share sustained the year-on-year growth trend from earlier in the year. This is an impressive turnaround. It's being driven by several of our brands, achieved by executing the three things we know works in cereal: better commercial ideas; food news through renovation and innovation; and better in-store promotional events. Corn Flakes is a great example. Through a great commercial idea asking consumers, what's your perfect bowl? It reminded them of this brand's tremendous versatility, and it gained share as a result. As we go into the fourth quarter, we expect to see continued Pringles growth and UK cereal improvement, leading to sequential improvement as we head into 2018. Let's talk about Latin America, which is shown on slide 22. It's been a disappointing year for us in Latin America, but really because of one single sub-region, Caribbean/Central America. Recall that late 2016 distributor transitions built up trade inventories that created a significant overhang when consumption trends slowed sharply in the first half amidst macroeconomic pressures. This inventory overhang and consumption softness persisted in Q3, exacerbated by the damage wrought by Hurricanes Maria and Irma, with our big Puerto Rico business being most disrupted. The good news is that we generated growth outside of Caribbean/Central America. This includes growth in our largest market, Mexico. It also includes good performance in (31:32), where we posted particularly strong growth in Pringles despite a challenging economic climate. We also continue to make good progress on integrating Parati, the acquisition we made in Brazil late last December, and that business continues to perform well. This acquisition will anniversary in December, so our comparable basis results will start reflecting it then. Unfortunately, because of the issues we faced in Caribbean/Central America, 2017 is turning out to be a soft year for Latin America, but the fundamentals are in place for sequentially improving results as we head into 2018. We'll finish up with Asia Pacific on slide 23. Asia Pacific had another strong quarter, with solid top-line growth and a substantial increase in operating profit. Pringles sustained its growth in the quarter, with continued share gains for the region. In cereal, we've spoken previously about the stabilization of our Australian business, and it continued to grow share during the third quarter. We continue to grow cereal sales in Asia, with growth in most key markets led by Granola and eCommerce and an encouraging reacceleration of sales growth in India, which had been held back in recent quarters, first by demonetization and then by the rollout of the country's Goods and Services Tax. Not included in our consolidated results are our joint ventures in West Africa and China. Once again, these operations posted strong double-digit net sales growth year-on-year, continue to build scale for us in these emerging markets. Our West Africa venture is growing on the strength of noodles, while our China venture is benefiting from Granola Cereal and rapid expansion in eCommerce. These joint ventures are a key element of our emerging market strategy, and their growth has been outstanding. So Asia Pacific is carrying good momentum into the fourth quarter. And thanks to the benefits of Zero-Based Budgeting and Revenue Growth Management, Asia Pacific is also posting strong margin expansion, even in spite of a mix shift toward emerging markets. Allow me to summarize with slide 24. First, we remain solidly on track to deliver our financial guidance for the year. Q3 features sequential improvement in sales, continued margin expansion, strong profit and earnings growth and higher cash flow. Second, our single biggest transformational initiative this year, our transition out of DSD, remains on track. This was a large, complex and risky endeavor and has been executed extremely well. It's also essential to accelerating growth and margin expansion for our big U.S. Snacks business. Third, our productivity initiatives are progressing well and giving us good visibility into cost savings for the next couple of years. And finally, we know we have to grow our top line and we are committed to doing so. We continue to progress on our building blocks for improving our top-line performance. We're stabilizing our core international developed cereal markets. Special K and Kashi continue to show signs of improvement. Pringles is growing globally. We returned our Frozen Foods brands to growth. We sustained growth in Specialty Channels. We continue to build scale in emerging markets. And our acquisition of RXBAR gives us a new on-trend platform for growth. As usual, I'd like to extend my gratitude to our employees for their hard work and dedication. Let me turn it over to Steve for any final comments he might have.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John. I would just reiterate that I feel extremely confident about the potential of this company. Results are coming in as expected and there is a lot of energy around getting back to sustainable profitable growth. I'm not in a position right now to give any guidance on 2018, as we are still evaluating our business units' plans. But I can tell you that there is a high degree of confidence in our expected cost savings and I'm very encouraged by the commitment of the organization to getting back to top-line growth. We are stabilizing soft elements of the business. We are gaining traction in growing elements of our business. And we have a lot of great ideas that can take us further. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Mr. Moskow, your line is open on our end.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. Yes. This is Neil Kugurney (36:29) in for Robert Moskow. Just one question from me, I know you're not giving formal guidance for 2018, but could you comment at all on the gross margin targets with the new management at around 18%? Is there a chance of that remaining as is or any changes? Thanks.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, Neil, (36:47) I'll take that question. This is Steve. We are not giving any formal guidance for 2018. What I would tell you, however, the time that I spent reviewing the businesses, there is tremendous visibility into our cost programs. There's a lot of momentum that's been happening around the transformation of this business. And even if you look at Q3 at 17.6% operating profit margin, we're well on track. And so we'll be spending the next 90 days or so, Fareed and I, along with John, traveling around the businesses really understanding exactly where the opportunities are, so that we can strike the right balance between top-line growth and continued margin expansion.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. Thanks very much, Steve.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks. I'm going to follow-up on that by asking about 2018 as well. The company already has given operating margin guidance for 2018. Two summers ago, Kellogg said the operating margin will be up about 350 basis points from 2015. Is this guidance still on the table? I realize there's some headwinds in terms of sales not being quite as strong as what you would have thought, but there's an incremental, and a pretty big incremental, tailwind as well in terms of going to warehouse. So I'm just trying to get your sense of how strong that guidance line item still is.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Again, just to reiterate, we're not going to give any 2018 guidance, but we are well on track to achieve those goals based on all the terrific work that's been happening around the transformation, around DSD, around Zero-Based Budgeting, Project K. So it gives us great momentum going into 2018. We just want to take the time, and for me to do exactly what you'd expect me to do, which is review all the businesses, look for the best opportunities to strike the right balance between top-line growth and what's continued to be excellent margin expansion.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: And, Ken, it's Fareed. Just as a reminder, that 350 basis points, the key drivers behind that were Project K and ZBB, and both of those initiatives are well in flight. The DSD exit was the largest remaining element of Project K. And as you've heard, we've got a very good line of sight. So from a cost perspective, which was really underpinning it all, we have very high confidence in delivering the two big initiatives in that.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you for that. And then, one thing I wanted to make sure of, your biggest competitor in U.S. cookies and crackers, they talked about getting a little bit more aggressive in the fourth quarter, especially after some shelf resets, perhaps getting some incremental displays. I know you've talked in the past about losing some displays, perhaps in some parts of the store that maybe weren't critical to you in this category. I just wanted to get a sense, how much does your guidance for the fourth quarter, I guess, contemplate your competitors getting a little bit more aggressive than they were in the third quarter in that part of your business?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Hey, Ken. It's Paul. Obviously, I'm not going to talk about competitors. We're pretty much focused on doing our job and that's rebuilding momentum. And I feel good about our plan and the strength of our plan in Q4. We're reinvesting in, obviously, significant amounts of brand-building here behind a pull model. We're reinvesting in in-store promotions behind a more focused assortment and we are driving more impactful, larger displays in key positions in stores. When you exit DSD, you're always going to lose some tertiary and secondary displays, but the benefits of shipping through warehouse is that we can drive some big impact displays across our biggest brands as we build momentum into what will be a strong Q1 as well from an innovation point of view and our ability to leverage the Power of K in-store going forward across one delivered platform. So we're focused on getting the momentum back in our brands. And our plans look very strong year-to-go.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. And, John, best of luck to you.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thank you.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, guys. A question for John and Paul, can you break down the revenue shortfall this year for U.S. Morning Foods relative to your initial plan as we started the year? Just want to get a feel for, in that specific business, our revenue velocity decelerated within U.S. cereal or are we seeing decreased category distribution? Just clarity into that and how we kind of exit and look to 2018 would be a helpful color. Thank you.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Okay. Steve. As it regards Morning Foods and cereal, specifically, we're not seeing points of distribution or things happen at a category level, per se. We are, obviously, disappointed with our performance this year. And we're not hitting our plan. We're hitting our plan on many elements around kids and productivity where we're not hitting our plan has been around our biggest adult brands. And that shortfall on brands like Mini-Wheats and Special K and, to a certain degree, Raisin Bran, is what's driving a softer category performance this year. The category's going be down between 2% and 3%. And some of that, quite frankly, is on us. We need to now pivot and reassert our health and wellness credentials on those adult brands, increasing claims, news and innovation around those brands as we go into next year. So I've mentioned probiotics on Special K. We have news coming on Raisin Bran. And one thing we'll talk to you about in coming months is some more transformational innovation coming to the category around the area of digestive health and convenience as we look to really stimulate adult growth within the cereal category. As you go back over time, this category has always responded, over the past 50 years, to health and wellness, whether it was fortification, fiber, oat bran, low calorie, low fat in the 1990s and 2000s. We need to drive the health credentials of the category. And that's what our plan is as we go into next year, whilst continue to drive fun and taste and versatility, and, as John said, big consumer excitement engagement through big properties and fun in-store. So that's really where we're headed. And I'm very much focused forward right now on those things.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody, and welcome, Steve.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I guess my question, Steve, is really more to try and dig in a little deeper as to why you decided to join Kellogg, kind of what brought you there. And I ask this a little bit tongue in cheek, of course, just because of all the negative sentiment on the food space, overall, questions about the viability of big brands and the sustainability of margin structures and all of that, not to mention a consumer that seems more benefit-driven maybe than brand-driven than ever before. So I'd love to just get a sense of what brought you here, as you sort of assessed your next potential opportunities, to get a sense of your thoughts on some of those things that I brought up. Thank you.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yes. No, thanks, Andrew. I think the pessimism around this category and U.S. food, I think, is overdone, in my estimation. There's going to be winners, and there's going be those who don't win. And I think Kellogg is uniquely positioned to be one of the winners. You've got great brands, great food, great people here, a great culture. You're not going find a more iconic company than Kellogg. And so the opportunity to come here was very humbling, but I also see tremendous opportunities for growth. And, as I've traveled around, I've seen those growth opportunities. They exist already. Look at Pringles globally and how well that's doing, what opportunities exist there. You hear Paul talk about the Frozen business, Eggo and Morningstar Farms; terrific brands growing very well with lots of momentum. The emerging markets and the opportunities in emerging markets and the JVs that we formed already, tremendous opportunities for growth. And you saw what we recently did with RXBAR, filling in a space that we weren't participating in with a terrific brand that's right on-trend. And so, as I looked at the opportunity, I saw tremendous opportunity for growth, a wonderful opportunity to join the most iconic of American companies, a great culture, love the people that I met. And so I couldn't be happier with the choice, and I see really tremendous opportunity for us moving forward.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you for that and all the best, John.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you. Good morning. John, thank you for all the assistance over the year and good luck with your next chapter and a welcome to Steve. My question is on U.S. Snacks. Can you guys give us some sense as to the size of the volume declines that occurred after the transition? And then, when do you expect to see the benefits from higher advertising and brand-building that you're going to execute on the snack operations?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Hey, David. It's Paul. It's hard for me to give you a sense of the exact volume declines, but remember what we said coming into this. There is a 50% to 20% SKU rationalization that will obviously not have that amount of impact on our business, but will have a limited impact. We hope to gain space on some of our core items to get a more powerful assortment there. At the same time, we said and we knew we would get fewer displays as we came out of DSD but more impactful displays. And we pulled right back on promotions and display support through a period of three to four months here to be able to operate effectively in what is a new model for the Snacks team. We have now pivoted. Brand-building was up in Q3 and will be up much more in Q4. Our investment in promotions and in-store support with our customers is now beginning to come to life as we reinvest behind these biggest brands, and that will continue as we go into next year. I'm optimistic we will see consumption improvement in the coming weeks and months on this business. We have a strong innovation pipeline coming at the beginning of the year, so that will accelerate into next year from a consumption point of view. So we're now, if you like, the transition is behind us in many ways. We're now very much focused on operating effectively in a warehouse-delivered model, which we think we can do because we do it across our other businesses.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Paul, in one follow-up for me, do you have any concerns on your shelf space within the Snack business now that you're about three months since the DSD elimination? Do you have any concerns that you would lose shelf space larger than any expectation you previously had before you executed the transition?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: It's a good question, David. Our business is responding in the way we expected it to. So all of our key metrics are right where the team expected them to be. It takes a lot of work in-store to make sure tags and placement and compliance is there across 20,000-plus stores, which we used to call on twice a week. But so far so good, and we'll continue to improve as we go forward. So there's nothing outside of our assumptions in our business case at the moment that would worry us. Like I say, we're just focused on getting back to growth with our customers and then obviously working with our customers in a new delivered environment, where we can also help them from a cost to serve point of view as we're on one platform now and build those joint value-creating plans in ways that we couldn't before, which I think will be really important looking forward.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Just a follow-up on the questions around the Snacks business in the U.S., and I guess maybe I didn't understand this correctly, but part of what I thought or what I'm expecting is that as you pulled back DSD, so all of that distribution resource into large format retailers, it frees up some resources to maybe expand into some other channels where you're under-resourced. So I guess my question is just is that still true? And if it is, as we're thinking about the timing, I guess, over the next year or two, is there a level of reinvestment that we should be thinking about that goes into sort of building more channel diversity?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Absolutely, Brian. When we laid out the business plan when we started this at the beginning of the year, this was really based on a set of consumer-based and shopper-based assumptions, which is exactly what you said. Investing money in a go-to market mechanism or operating model, the consumers don't see the benefit from, quite frankly, was not where we wanted to be. So those resources are now going into focusing on how and where the shopper shops. Whether that's brand-building in old-fashioned ways or new-fashioned ways from a shopper point of view, reaching those shoppers in whichever retail environment they choose to shop, that's exactly what we're doing. We're also investing more resources, people resources, against where the growth channels are in our business. So we're seeing, for example, eCommerce in North America in Q3 grew over 60%. So like every company, winning where the shopper shops in new environments, be that pure play or click-and-collect is right up there on our agenda. And investing in capabilities, whether it be supply chain, marketing, sales in that environment, is where some of these dollars are going. Also remember some of the highest growth potential brands in our portfolio, Pringles, Cheez-It, Rice Krispies Treats, these brands are going get significantly more brand-building, way up there in the double digits for the next year, as we look to accelerate those brands. Whether that's TV, media type investments, whether it's customer focused investments, whether it's capital into pack/price format investments to make sure that we have exactly the right offering in the right channel to fit the consumers and the shoppers' needs. What we said we're doing, we're going to do, and you'll see it come through in the months to come into next year.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much. John, thanks for all. Steve, welcome. So, Steve, I was just wondering if you could give us maybe one or two examples of what you may be focused on as you step into the role at Kellogg for each of the brands and really as you think about brand investment allocation. And I'm simply asking you to see if there's anything you believe as you step into the new role, are there best practices that you can bring from your prior position to leverage Kellogg's win potential going forward? Thanks.
Steven A. Cahillane - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, thanks, Rob. I certainly hope I can bring some new thinking in best practices, but I'm also humble enough to know that I'm joining the original health and wellness company, as I said before, very iconic with fantastic brands. And again, I see tremendous opportunities in many of the brands in all the categories. Some of the questions people ask is can cereal grow. And even within that, you see the kids' brands in the U.S. becoming stable. You see a great story in the UK with Corn Flakes return turn to double-digit growth on the back of really strong marketing programs. And I'm confident if we get the adult portfolio marketed properly around contemporary health and wellness, there's even opportunity there to continue to grow that. And then you look back at some of the areas that are already growing that I mentioned, Pringles globally, the Eggo business, Morningstar Farms, emerging markets, there's a lot of opportunities to grow this business. And it's not that there's a dearth of opportunities where we really have to search far and wide for that little gem. There's a lot. And so we have the opportunity to really evaluate where those opportunities are, make the right resource allocation decisions, and really put the pedal down on some of these areas of high growth. This company is not without strong brands. In fact, there's many, many brands across many categories and geographies. So I'll be spending the next 90 days really evaluating all those opportunities, evaluating the business plans. John's been a tremendous partner. We've been traveling all around the world, along with Fareed, to really evaluate these plans. And right about the fourth quarter call, we'll be talking about 2018, where we want to take 2018. And I'm looking forward to seeing all of you at CAGNY, where we'll be more fulsome about exactly where these opportunities are and where we believe we can really create long-term value for our shareholders.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Paul, just going back to U.S. cereal, you made comments around brand-building, but it feels as though that lever has been pulled a number of times on and off over the years with protein cereals, antioxidant cereals, and with, I guess, a fairly limited impact. So do you have a sense as to where maybe cereal share of voice is in the breakfast space relative to where it's been historically? And just given how the daypart's been bifurcating, are the brand-building levers also bifurcating, where any approach is maybe less incremental, in terms of its impact, overall? How do you think about the returns there on those efforts and where you invest going forward?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John. As I look forward on our portfolio, as I emphasized, it's less about absolute money or share of voice as it used to be. It's more about getting the right ideas behind the right brands. We have a great set of existing core brands, the Core 6, as we call them. They cover 70% of the needs when it comes to the category, number one. We have to up our game on brands like Mini-Wheats, Special K, and Raisin Bran to bring, as Steve said, contemporary health and wellness credentials to those brands. We're down the track on Special K. And we're seeing the brand begin to respond, not only in the U.S. but around the world. And we're bringing more, in the way of probiotics to Special K next year. Raisin Bran and Mini-Wheats, we can do a lot more to pull out the wellness credentials of those brands and talk to consumers about them. This isn't category work, per se. This is brand work relevant to consumer needs, brand-on-brand. I've spoken before about how the category's always been driven over time, actually through nutrition. Whether it was fortification back in the 1950s, fiber, oat bran in the 1970s and 1980s, and then for a long while here, low calorie, low fat drove the Special K brand in particular and the category for years. Now, I believe gut health and science is coming back to nutrition and nutrition in the cereal category. We're well placed as a category to actually find tailwinds in nutrition in the months and years to come. It's good for cereal and it's good for our emphasis on health and wellness. You add the Kashi brands and the Kashi business to that as well and we have a on-trend set of brands, I think, for the 10 years to come. The critical thing, though, is finding great commercial ideas, renovation and innovation that can bring to life those trends in unique ways for our brands. Our portfolio and our category is uniquely placed to do that. It's incumbent on us to do it. So that's really where our focus is. 35%,36% of the cereal consumption in the U.S. today happens outside of the breakfast occasion. That trend's only increasing and will only continue to increase as you think of demographics and age cohorts going forward here. And so we are agnostic to what time of day we communicate the benefits of our foods. And we'll communicate to everybody, wherever they are throughout the day, these benefits. We've had great success with some of our kid brands against millennials in certain dayparts, like the evening, and we will continue to drive our portfolio where it makes sense to fit people's days. The final thing I'll mention is we do need to still bring transformational innovation to cereal, okay, and to the breakfast occasion, which means investing more, maybe, in new alternatives in the area of digestive health and/or convenience. And we're working hard on that. And hopefully, you'll see some transformational innovation ideas come out of our company over the next few months here that show that we are investing to grow our business across these key categories.
John Renwick, CFA - Kellogg Co.: Operator, because we're at the end of the call, we want to bring it back to John Bryant for some final comments.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thank you for your questions, everybody. On a personal note, I'd like to thank all of you in the investment community for your support and engaging discussions over the years. You're in very good hands with Steve, who I firmly believe will transform and successfully lead this great company into the future. Have a great day, and feel free to call John Renwick with any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-03 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John P. Renwick - Kellogg Co. John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co. Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co. Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.
Analysts: Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kevin Lehmann - RBC Capital Markets LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co. Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Thank you. Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John P. Renwick - Kellogg Co.: Thank you, Anita. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our second quarter 2017 results. I am joined this morning by: John Bryant, Chairman and CEO, who will give you an overview of our business results and priorities; Fareed Khan, Chief Financial Officer, who will walk you through our financial results and outlook; and Paul Norman, President of North America, who will give you an update on our North America businesses. Slide number 2 shows our usual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, profit margins, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand-building, upfront costs, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, when describing our results and outlook during today's prepared remarks, we will be referring to them on a currency-neutral comparable basis, unless otherwise noted. The appendices to our presentation provide you with the details on our GAAP and non-GAAP performance. Finally, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Tuesday, August 8. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And now, I'll turn it over to John, and slide number 3.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. In Q2, we continued to make progress on our overall business transformation, which is guided by our 2020 Growth Plan and is aimed at improving top-line and bottom-line results. For instance, our biggest transformational initiative this year is our transition to warehouse distribution from direct store delivery in our U.S. Snacks business. Paul will give you an update in a moment, but we are pleased with how this is going on all fronts. Today, we are very close to completing this ambitious and complex transition. In fact, we're already shipping through warehouse to all of our customers. This is a great example of executional excellence and working closely with our retail partners. We also continue to make good progress toward building our presence and scale in emerging markets. In this quarter, we posted continued growth. One highlight was the continued integration and growth of the Parati business we acquired in Brazil late last year. And we continue to improve the performance of our core four developed cereal markets. Canada, Australia and the UK all improved their performance in the quarter. The one exception is the U.S., who slipped backed a bit in a soft category during Q2, but we have plans to improve its performance going forward. From a financial perspective, we remain on track toward our full year guidance. Net sales performance was sequentially better than Q1. Year-on-year, it was abated by two factors that are being considered in our full year guidance. First, U.S. consumption remained soft. This was industry-wide and affected many of our categories. And second, we felt in Q2 the residual impact of Q1's customer negotiations regarding pricing on Pringles in Europe. But we knew this would be the case, as it takes time to ramp back up to normal promotional activity. Margin expansion continued with another quarter of improvement in our gross margin and another quarter with more than 100 basis points improvement in our operating margin. Clearly, our productivity initiatives are working and working well enough to offset the impacts of lower volume, investment in food and country mix. The result has been earnings and cash flow that are on track to achieve our full year guidance. So Q2 was on track for both a transformation and a financial standpoint. But make no mistake, getting back to top-line growth is our top priority. Slide 4 takes a closer look at what we are doing to return to a low single-digit net sales growth that can drive sustainable earnings and cash flow growth over time. Innovating and renovating our food and packaging to stay on or ahead of changing consumer trends is critical. In Q2, this progress is most visible in our stabilizing share of Special K and Kashi Company offerings in cereal, even as new media campaigns are just hitting the air. It's evident in the expanding distribution of our overall product lines with Special K and Kashi snack bars launched in Q1. And we've seen in Q2 growth in Eggo, where we removed artificial colors and ingredients earlier this year. Winning where the shopper shops is more important than ever in today's blurring channels. In U.S. Snacks, transitioning into warehouse distributional and out of DSD allows us to redeploy resources to brand-building and pack formats that can grow our brands in all channels. And across our business, we also continue to see exciting growth in emerging channels, notably e-commerce. We've talked previously about our new marketing model. And in Q2, there's evidence that we are making progress toward making our brand-building more effective and efficient. You can see it in the brands we've invested behind: share gains in U.S. Cereal for brands like Froot Loops and Frosted Flakes; momentum for U.S. Snacks brands like Cheez-It and Rice Krispies Treats; and steady improvement in our cereal business in the UK, Canada and Australia. Emerging markets are going to drive packaged food growth for years to come. We've dramatically built up our scale and presence in these markets in recent years. And Q2 featured continued progress in this area. Not only did we continue to grow organically in emerging markets during Q2, but we made good progress in integrating the already-growing Parati business we recently acquired to transform our business in Brazil. We also continue to generate double-digit growth in our unconsolidated joint ventures. These four elements will get us to top-line growth. I realize the progress is gradual, but the progress is there. Let me now turn it over to Fareed, who will walk you through our financial results and outlook.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Slide 5 shows a summary of our financial results. Our second quarter came in largely as expected. Net sales declined in the quarter, driven by the same factors we saw in Q1, but we are showing sequential improvement. Operating profit accelerated, and earnings per share growth remained strong and solidly on track for our full year guidance. Let's get into a little bit more detail. Slide 6 breaks out our reported net sales performance into its components and also showing comparable view. As you can see from the side, our volume declines moderated from a challenging Q1. Volume was pulled down by broad softness in consumption in the U.S. and by the loss of Pringles promo activity stemming from our Q1 pricing negotiations in Europe, which lingered into Q2. As we get into the second half, we expect Pringles to return to growth in Europe and in the U.S. We should also see a moderation of declines in Special K and Kashi, as renovated product lines take hold on the shelf and as new media campaigns are activated. And we expect our emerging markets growth to pick up. You'll notice our price/mix continued to firm in the quarter, adding to what has been a positive trend this year and importantly, for allowing our product-to-be benefits to flow through to profit. This price/mix improvement was evident in all four regions. Some of it is related to pricing in currency-challenged markets, and some of it is related to price/pack architecture work that we are doing. In the second half, most of this price/mix improvement will be masked by the downward list price adjustments we've made as part of our U.S. Snacks transition out of DSD. Speaking of DSD, the transition continues to proceed in line with our financial expectations, with price adjustments and volume impacts coming in as expected. So to summarize, while we're not content with the net sales decline by any means, Q2's performance was a modest improvement over Q1, and we expect to see more sequential growth to come. Slide 7 shows how we improved our profit margin this year, both in the quarter and the first half. Gross profit margin posted another quarter of year-over-year improvement, driven by good productivity and cost savings under Project K and zero-based budgeting, and by modestly favorable net input costs. These factors more than offset the impact of continued investments in our food and packaging and the impact of lower volume. On operating profit margin, we continued to see strong expansion in Q2, not only because of increase in gross margin, but also because of efficiencies and savings initiatives in SG&A. Importantly, this operating profit margin was broad-based, with all four of our regions once again recording increases. So our margin expansion efforts remain very much on track. Also on track is our cash flow, as shown on slide 8. Versus the year-ago period, our net income is higher and our core working capital improved as a percentage of sales year-over-year, driven by payables. We had some timing differences on capital expenditure and other line items, like deferred and accrued taxes, pulling down cash flow in Q2. These items should smooth out over the next quarters. We feel good about hitting our full year cash flow target of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. With that, let's turn to slide 9 and our latest guidance for the full year 2017. Q2 results give us continued confidence in our outlook for the year, so we are reaffirming our guidance. Our outlook for currency-neutral comparable sales remains at about a 3% decline versus the prior year. Within that 3% decline, we are still forecast the impact of our DSD transition to be about a 1 percentage point negative impact for the full year. Most of this impact comes in the second half and comes from a few factors that we've discussed previously. It reflects the downward price adjustments to retailers, which reflects the additional ordering, warehousing, delivery and merchandising activity they are now taking on. There is also some impact from the elimination of tail SKUs and we have factored this estimate in for volume disruption, be it for execution or competitive reasons. Lastly, a partial offset to this volume impact will be any remaining inventory pipeline fill to our customers' warehouses, which will occur in the early part of Q3. In the rest of the business, we should see sequential improvement in the second half versus the first half on stronger commercial plans and the absence of some unusual headwinds that we faced in the first half. Leading the way will be Pringles, which is expected to swing back to growth in Europe after its price negotiation-related decline in Q1 and Q2 and in the U.S., owing to stronger second half commercial calendar. Another important improvement in the second half will be each of our North American Other businesses. Frozen Foods, Kashi and Canada should all see further improvements in their performance as we go through the year. On operating profit, we are reaffirming our guidance of 7% to 9% currency-neutral comparable growth. And from a phasing standpoint, we have a Q3 that's a little more investment heavy and a Q4 that's more savings heavy, both related to the timing of our exit from DSD. On earnings per share, we reaffirm our guidance for currency-neutral comparable growth of 8% to 10%. For reported EPS, there's no change to our assumptions for upfront costs or integration costs. But the weakening of the U.S. dollar so far has meant less adverse currency translation so far, and we could see an impact that is roughly half or better of the negative $0.12 per share that we had been forecasting. So we enter the second half right on track from a financials perspective. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Paul Norman to take us through our North American results.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Fareed, and good morning everyone. As the chart on slide 10 shows, Kellogg North America saw sequential improvement in our performance for net sales, operating profit and for operating profit margin. A few things to point out, each of which I'll describe in more detail in a moment. First, we're seeing growth or improving sales performance in businesses ranging from Specialty Channels to Frozen Foods, to the Kashi Company to Canada. Second, an area of disappointment in the quarter was Morning Foods top-line performance. Like so many categories for cereal and toaster pastry categories, we haven't returned to last year's rates. It's incumbent on us to drive these categories, and we have stronger plans coming in the second half. Third, we feel very good about our transition into warehouse and out of DSD, which is nearly complete. We are right on track on this big step towards the transformation of U.S. Snacks. And finally, we continue to realize good margin expansion. It's driven by productivity and it has us on track for our 2018 targets. But I want to emphasize something. We are mindful of ensuring that these productivity efforts don't in any way inhibit our return to growth. So, now let's briefly walk through each of our North America segments. We'll start with U.S. Snacks and our update on our DSD transition on slide 11. As I mentioned, this transition has gone very well. We are now entering the final wind-down phase. It's important to recognize what is now behind us. We've completed all customer negotiations. This means we know the list price adjustment to customers, and we have been developing joint business plans with them. We finalized our SKU rationalizations. So we know the shelf assortment. We've started reducing complexity in our supply chain, and we started to make the store shelf work harder for us and for our customers. As of this week, we are 100% out of DSD. That is, we are receiving orders from customers and we are shipping to all customers warehouses. It's early days, but where we have customer data, we are already seeing improved on-shelf availability. We've now entered the final phase of the project, completing the exit. Not only are we now closing the distribution centers, but we are also in hyper-care mode, in which we devote resources to stores in order to ensure that everything, from ordering to shelf tagging, to shipments, are operating smoothly. This is important because it's also the time when we are pivoting our teams' focus to driving top-line growth. We are ramping up our brand-building and in-store activation, and we're planning and executing jointly with our customers, all to ensure we start growing demand. We are obviously pleased with how this is going on all fronts, from the strong engagement and collaboration of our customers, to the attention to detail of our project team, to the positive attitude of our sales force and supply chain. And we really want to thank all of them for their dedication and focus on execution during this challenging transition. Obviously, we're taking on a very complex change initiative, one that could present executional risk and/or competitive risk at any time, but the team is managing it very well, and our full-year outlook for this transition has not changed. Now, let's talk about Snacks results for the quarter, which is shown on slide number 12. Net sales were flat in the quarter, reflecting two factors related to the DSD transition. Firstly, there was the positive impact of inventory pipeline fill. This is the shipping of inventory into our customers' warehouses as we convert them from DSD to warehouse distribution. This began in the latter half of Q2 and ramped up in early Q3 as we converted the remaining customers. Secondly, in-store promotion activity was reduced, as you can see in the scanner data, not only in the sharp declines in volume sold on promotion, but also in our sizable increases in average prices. As you would expect, this pullback was driven by a combination of us and our customers wanting to mitigate big shipment swings as we produce and ship inventory for their warehouses. With us now fully in warehouse distribution, we strengthen our promotional calendar in the second half. This reduced promo activity is masking some good underlying trends. Our Big 3 cracker brands held share, despite the reduced activity. Keebler Fudge Shoppe maintained consumption and share growth in cookies, and Rice Krispies Treats sustained its momentum in wholesome snacks. Importantly, we started up our accelerated investment in brand-building during the quarter as we transition to a pull model. This, along with some duplicative costs as we resourced up our warehouse distribution, held down profit in the quarter. But this profit came in as we'd expected, and the increased brand-building bodes well for consumption performance in the second half. So Snacks is in a good place. The DSD transition is right where we'd expected it to be, and we are now turning to a pull model that will help transform this business. It's worth reminding everyone that this transition starts with a reduction in net sales, due to the price we set to customers, a reduction in SKUs and somewhat lower secondary and tertiary displays, so net sales come down for 12 months before they start growing again. On the flipside, our operating profit and operating margins start to move higher right away and especially in Q4, when we completely eliminate our DSD expenses. That's even despite the sizable reinvestments we're making. All of this is already in our guidance, and I think you'll agree that we'll come out of this with a faster growing, more profitable U.S. Snacks business. Now, let's turn to slide 13 on U.S. Morning Foods. Whilst we're pleased with our great progress on margin expansion, we are not happy about our top-line performance in this segment. Our Core 6 cereal brands collectively held share in the quarter, but the cereal category remained softer than expected. Whilst there are a variety of industry-wide trends that we can point to, it's our job to drive this category through great commercial ideas, across major brands. To that then, we expect to see sequential improvement in the second half, and here's why. One, we will continue to support our taste-oriented brands like Froot Loops and Frosted Flakes, which continue to gain share behind effective media and innovation, respectively. In fact, Cinnamon Frosted Flakes is the number one innovation this year across the entire category. Two, Special K was down year-on-year, but it improved sequentially and even returned to share growth in June, behind innovation and our new Own It campaign. This is a promising sign going into the second half. And three, we have better in-store program in the second half. This includes stronger seasonal innovation and strong Back-to-School programs. Looking beyond 2017, we've got to think bigger. Once we're happy with the performance of our taste brands, we know we have to do more to reassert this category's health and wellness credentials. It's the adult health-oriented segment that is pulling down the category. And the way to reinvigorate that segment has always been through nutritional innovation claims and brand-building, so that's where we're focusing our efforts. An example of this is on the slide. Late this year, we'll be launching a new Special K Nourish offering, featuring probiotics. We'll have more to share with you as we get closer to 2018. Now let's talk about Specialty Channels, shown on slide number 14. Our Specialty Channels business in Q2 delivered an eighth consecutive quarter of sales and profit growth. We generated growth in our three core channels, in which we already have leading positions, foodservice, convenience stores and vending. In foodservice, our growth was again led by the K-12 segment. And in C-stores and vending, our growth was aided by innovation. Importantly, in Q2, we implemented a transformation of our sales force to a hybrid direct and broker mode. This is expected to drive stronger focus on our core accounts, whilst expanding our market coverage by almost 40% across foodservice and convenience channels. Operating profit margin continued to improve strongly, driven by better price/mix and by continued savings from Project K and zero-based budgeting. So we continue to feel good about our Specialty Channels business. And growth should continue in the second half, even despite tough comparisons. Finally, we'll turn to slide number 15 and our North America Other segment. As we said would happen, we are solidly in profit growth for this segment. Q2 was a third straight quarter of strong operating profit performance. But just as important is the fact that we also realized good sequential improvement in net sales. At the Kashi Company, sales remained pressured by last year's exiting of non-core or less profitable SKUs, promotions and categories. But we're going to be lapping those soon, and the quarter offered promising signs of what's to come. We realized another quarter of share gains in cereal and xAOC channels as well as in the natural channel. And we saw markedly improved trends in these channels through our Wholesome Snacks business, as recent innovations and media are starting to take hold. We are turning the corner on this business, and we are confident we'll continue to see sequential improvement in top-line in the second half. In Canada, we also continue to see improving results. Recall that we have been feeling the elasticity impact from our efforts to increase price realization in order to cover FX-driven input cost inflation. We started to lap some of that, and our net sales and consumption have continued to improve. During Q2, our consumption declines in cereal moderated significantly. Our base consumption was again very strong, and we increased share as a result. In Wholesome Snacks, we gained share, too, also behind strong base consumption. And our Pringles business grew consumption and share as well. So Canada is on the right track to meet expectations for the year. In Frozen, Eggo grew consumption and share, aided by the removal of artificial ingredients and the launch of kid-loved shapes, with Mickey Mouse-shaped waffles leading the way. Our frozen veggie business under MorningStar Farms and the Gardenburger brands added another quarter to its return to consumption growth, thanks to a focus on core burger offerings. So Frozen is back in growth and picking up momentum. So to wrap up North America, Snacks came in as expected, with terrific progress on the DSD transition. Specialty Channels continues to grow. And North America Other is turning the corner. Morning Foods remains soft, so we have to redouble our efforts to get the cereal category growing again, but the net of all of this is sequential improvement on top of sustained margin expansion. With that, I'll turn you back to John for a look at our international regions.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Paul. Please turn to Europe on slide 16. Really, the story in Europe was Pringles. Every several years, dating back to before we even owned it, Pringles has undergone a brand re-stage that includes product reformulation and related price increase to catch up to inflation so that we can invest behind the brand. You'll recall that we did this in Q1 and was met with prolonged negotiations with customers. While these negotiations were resolved by April, we missed out on several Q2 promotional programs, as we had communicated on our last earnings call. So after growing consistently at a mid to high single-digit growth rate in recent years, our Pringles business in Europe declined sharply in the first half, a very negative swing. This is a short-term disruption that we expect to turn around significantly in the second half as we resume normal commercial activities. Less visible because of this Pringles swing has been the sequential improvement we have realized in our UK cereal business. Our consumption in Q2 was down significantly less than in recent quarters, as strong brand-building support, better share gains in all family brands, like Corn Flakes, Rice Krispies and Crunchy Nut. In fact, four of the top five growing brands in this category were Kellogg brands in Q2, and we gained share overall in the month of June. So our efforts here are starting to pay off. Europe is likely to remain challenging over the foreseeable future, and we still have a lot of work to. But in the second half, we do expect to see strong sequential improvement. Here's why. First, we are set to return Pringles to growth after the disruption in the first half, as I mentioned. Second, in cereal, we have strong commercial plans in the developed markets with a particular emphasis on Special K, which will benefit from new foods like Special K Nourish, new on-pack claims, a new test in media campaign, and a step up in brand-building investment. And third, we expect to sustain our growth in emerging markets. So we're confident we'll see better performance in Europe in the coming quarters. Now let's talk about Latin America, which is shown on slide 17. In Latin America, our currency-neutral net sales declined year-on-year with all of the decline, and then some, related to our Caribbean/Central America sub-region. This had to do with continued trade inventory reductions following late 2016 distributor transitions, exacerbated by what have been notably soft market conditions. We're working through these issues, and we expect to see sequential improvement in these markets in the second half. The good news is that our large Mexico business continued to perform well, as did our legacy South America operations. Additionally, the integration of Parati, our significant acquisition in Brazil, is progressing well. That business continues to post solid growth, though it is not captured yet in our comparable basis results. We also continue to generate price realization and zero-based budgeting savings, even if though a bit masked in Q2 by our sales declines in Caribbean/Central America. Year-to-date, our operating profit margin is up by 60 basis points year-on-year, and we expect to see continued margin expansion in the second half. We view Latin America's first half performance as affected by temporary factors. We expect this region to grow in the second half. We'll finish up our international discussion with Asia Pacific on slide 18. Asia Pacific had another good quarter in Q2, with growth in net sales, operating profit, and profit margin, and it featured a return to growth in Australia, continued broad-based growth in Asia, and momentum in Pringles. Our Australian business is a good turnaround story. Over the last 18 months, we have steadily improved our performance in this developed market, primarily through innovation and renovation. And in Q2, cereal returned to positive net sales growth in Australia. In Asia, net sales grew in Korea and Japan, with India down modestly because of short-term disruption in the country's new goods and services tax. And across the region, our Pringles business posted a strong high single-digit net sales gain. Then on top of our consolidated businesses, we have our joint ventures in West Africa and in China. Once again, both of these JVs delivered strong double-digit growth, with West Africa led by strong noodles volume and China led by e-commerce sales. Given their size and growth rates, our share of the JV's year-on-year sales growth, we'll be talking about double-digit currency-neutral comparable sales growth for Asia Pacific. So Kellogg Asia Pacific remains on track versus 2017 goals. We are growing and expanding our margins, and we're also continuing to build our presence and scale in emerging markets, some of it through organic growth, some of it through our unconsolidated joint ventures. So allow me to summarize with slide 19. Q2 was held back by continued softness in U.S. consumption and the aftermath of price negotiations on Pringles in Europe. Our net sales performance did improve sequentially, as we said it would. And our profit margins continue to improve, reflecting the work we have done to reduce our cost structure. We remain on our full year 2017 guidance for net sales, operating profit, earnings per share and cash flow. While our sales performance remains challenged in a difficult packaged foods environment, we continue to make progress on our 2020 Growth Plan toward the transformation of our company and a return to top-line growth. In Q2, this progress was evident in the tremendous progress we have made on our transition out of DSD. This is game-changing for us, and we've executed it extremely well. It was also evident in our growth in emerging markets, where we're not only growing organically, but also through transformative acquisitions and joint ventures. Our efforts to launch more on-trend food and packaging were evident in the improving performances by newly renovated Special K and Kashi snacks offerings. And finally, accelerated growth in e-commerce shows us seeking opportunity in a changing retail landscape. These are all important building blocks for our return to top-line growth. As always, I want to thank our employees for their hard work and determination in making us a stronger Kellogg Company. With that, we'll open up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for the question. I just wanted to ask about some of the pricing discussions that are taking part as a part of the DSD transition. Could you talk a little bit more about the customer alignment and your discussions around list price changes and merchandising? It sounds as if the formal list price adjustments have all been agreed on and you have good visibility there, but given your commentary around lower than expected merchandising in the quarter and some of your competitors' comments on the intensity of the promotional environment, is there still a risk that the effective pricing adjustment, taking into account any additional promotional support that's needed to sustain shelf space, will be larger than expected?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Yes. Thanks, Matthew. I think we've made tremendous progress on our DSD transfer over to warehouse. And it's worth noting, as we did in the prepared comments, that, as of now, we're completely out of the DSD delivery system. We're now delivering all of our deliveries to customers through warehouse. I think Paul, Deanie and the entire team have done a tremendous job executing what I believe has been one of the most complicated transitions that any food company's attempted to do in the last several years in our industry. I'm going to hand over to Paul to give you more detail on where we stand on that, including the various discussions with our retail partners.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Hey, Matthew, I'd just tell you it's gone and is going very well. We had great customer engagement. We have a great assortment. And we were proactive, as you probably are aware, in managing that assortment, from an SKU reduction point of view, but also with a focus on making our biggest brands and our bigger SKUs work harder within that assortment. So as SKUs come out, we gain space on our faster, harder-working SKUs. The pricing negotiations are all behind us. For competitive reasons and obviously other reasons, I'm not going to go into those, but those will flow through our P&L as we go forward. And there's been strong collaboration between our teams internally and our customer teams internally right all the way through this. We're out of DSD. The transition is complete. We're 100% shipping through warehouses. Our focus has pivoted to really the in-store environment right now, making sure that the ordering processes are working, the shelf hands are where they need to be, helping educate store-level employees on doing the job that we used to do. And through the data we're seeing come through in the customers we can see already, we're seeing in-stock's up, which is positive. The internal center of gravity is now very much in Deanie's team around contributing to growth. So we're executing against our pull model. Brand-building will be up significantly in the back half. Our promotional pressure comes back now in the back half following the pullback in Q2 to manage the transition. So you can expect good Back-to-School programs, fall football programs, holiday programs and the strengthening of our relation pipeline coming into 2018. Our team's done a great job and the financials are exactly where we thought they would be and on track for the year to come.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Morning, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. I just had a question for you to follow-on on the DSD transition. I want to understand, year-to-date, the DSD trends, since you're filling the pipeline or shipping product to the retailers, DSD looks like it has actually helped your sales overall and there's still some expectation for a sales decline. So I just want to be clear on that; that that really would start to hit in Q3 and Q4 once the pipeline fill is complete. Maybe just if I could add into that, just the fact that you're now shipping all your product to customer warehouses, does that mean you're ahead of plan or this on track of what you expected?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: I'll take that and maybe Fareed might want talk about how it lays down for the year. But again, everything's on track and really where we thought it would be, so there's, I wouldn't say, we're necessarily ahead. There has been some impact obviously in the business through Q2 and we would expect to see some of that through the rest of the year. The impacts, so far year-to-date, are really two. We saw some inventory come in, in Q2. And that was probably about 5% that contributed to our performance in Q2, offset by emerging merchandising pullback and some of the price adjustments coming through. So those two things mostly offset each other. As we pivot to the back half of the year, you will see a little more inventory come in in Q3. And also Q3 has July in it, so there's been a little bit more disruption, a merchandising pullback as we go through the execution. Then, as we said and I said in the prepared notes, we will see a drop off in net sales because of the price decline and the transfer of work as we go forward, and that would impact the P&L as we go forward. Down the P&L, we will see the costs of the DSD organization collapse as we go through that and really fluctuate with full force for Q4 this year. Does that answer your question, Chris?
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: It does, yes. Thank you for that clear explanation. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: A question on cereal for me, if I may. Paul, you talked about some of your frustrations a little bit. I think that's a fair word in terms of the numbers, but you're also saying that the way to turn around adult cereals is to deliver news about nutrition. I guess, what I'm curious is that realization, that understanding about what needs to be done, I don't think that's anything necessarily new. It's something that you guys have talked about for years. So, I guess, I'm just trying to gain comfort about what will change from here. You're talking about cereal getting better, but the messaging I'm hearing about what needs to be done isn't all that different than what it's been the last few years. So maybe if I can just ask sort of why things will get better from here, that would be great.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Ken, let me take it up a level. If you look at the category, the history of that category, there have been cycles over the years that have driven the category. Those cycles are often related to health and wellness, positively and, many times, negatively. The whole fiber oat brand booms of prior years drove the category. Well frankly, through the end of the 1990s and into the 2000s, low-calorie, low-fat and weight management really drove the category. And no brands rode the category harder in those years than Special K. As we get through to 2010 and into the recent years, low-calorie, low-fat has come off trend and we have obviously been impacted significantly by that. What encourages me as I look forward and where science and nutrition is going, where the trends are, clearly what is big and right in front of us now and I think will be really important is gut health and the gut-brain connection, the importance of the microbiome and the importance of fiber coming back into people's diets, either prebiotic or probiotic benefits. Those things, considering nine out of 10 Americans don't get enough fiber today, I think are going to position our category extremely well to grow as we go forward. So the tailwind is coming back, in my opinion, following a short period here of headwind. For us, we need to reassert our credentials in these areas. So we'll do the hygiene work we're already doing, removing artificials, et cetera, but the big wins will come from upping our claims on existing brands like Raisin Bran, Mini-Wheats, around fiber and the importance of fiber and then, driving innovation into our adult brands, things like Special K with probiotics, et cetera, as we go forward. So that's how the health and wellness piece, for me, is encouraging and gives me belief that we can get this category back with a tailwind behind it. The other thing that's important, quite frankly, is how people eat today. And as you probably heard us talk before, 35-plus percent of cereal there is consumed outside of breakfast occasion. And in repositioning the category, it's a big word, to be more of an all-day food and an all-day snack to be consumed whenever you want, is, I think, critical to how we open up growth potential for the category, whether that's driving brands or Froot Loops, Frosted Flakes or Rice Krispies throughout the day through a recipe or consumption opportunity or whether it's bringing innovation in the area of convenience and affordability to the cereal category to unlock those opportunities throughout the day. And then last, and also important is, we got to keep the pressure on fun and taste in this category, which has always been an important part of what drives the heartbeat of the performance of the category. If I look today, the pressure on fun and taste is fine. The other two, we can do more.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: So, Ken, if I can just add to Paul's answer, I think we do need to do more to get cereal on trend with the health and wellness trends in the marketplace and absolutely believe that we have big opportunities in the category here. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, three of the four core markets are actually doing better this year, but if I could kind of point to what's driving that in each of the three, Australia is actually renovation of foods. The Nutri-Grain food is doing much better in Australia as we have improved the nutrition profile of that food, as well as Be Natural, our Kashi-equivalent brand in Australia is also doing extremely well. UK has been driven by a program around Corn Flakes and versatility and how you eat your Corn Flakes. And Canada is being driven by a strong brand-building behind core brands. So it's never one thing. It's a factor of varieties that can drive these categories, and we're confident we can make this work, given time.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Palmer with RBC. Please go ahead.
Kevin Lehmann - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Good morning; Kevin Lehmann in for David.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Hi.
Kevin Lehmann - RBC Capital Markets LLC: How you doing? Question on DSD; one of the reasons you cited for your shift from DSD to warehouse originally was to remove any potential friction with your top retail customers who would maybe rather you go through their warehouse, particularly with regard to e-commerce. So are you seeing gains with these top partners in e-commerce specifically? And then secondly, how are you perhaps protecting your share with other customers who maybe had weaker warehouse capabilities and have actually valued your DSD presence in the past? Thanks.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Okay. So big question; the reason we originally did this was a consumer shelf-driven strategic decision, given how, when you look at the food business and the retail business, how the shopper's shopping is changing so much. So the focus was to shift our resources away from what we consider for our business, at least, to be a demoted route to market and get our resources against the shopper, the brand-building resources we need in this changing environment that the shopper shops in. Talking top-to-top with our largest customers, they all see the benefits of moving in that direction because most of our customers are moving into a click-and-collect world. Our click-and-collect for our overall e-commerce business is actually doing extremely well. It's growing in the second quarter, up 70%-plus. So we're doing very well and that's total e-comm. So we need to feed that trend as we go forward by moving more of our resources, marketing dollars, people dollars, against where that world is going to be, not just e-commerce, but also the smaller format environments that are growing as well. We have a great warehouse system. Our customers have great warehouse systems. 75% of what we make as a company in North America already goes through a warehouse system, and we know we get better service and higher in-stocks in a warehouse system. So when we go to one delivered system to all of our retail partners, not just certain ones versus other ones, I can have a better deal-value-creation conversation about one platform delivered, shared efficiencies, scale benefits from the Kellogg Company that could help both us and them in what, let's face it, is a changing retail environment where they need to pivot some of their cost of investment against changing their model just to meet where the shopper shops. So I don't know if that's the answer you're looking for. It wasn't really about friction. It was about a big strategic move to get ahead of the shopper is why we did it.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Kevin, if I could just add, I think all retailers win from this DSD transition. I mean, they all have the opportunity to make a stronger margin out of our brands, and you can see the level of retailer support we've had from this project, just given that to make this transition as successful as it's been, we'd have to work very closely with every single retailer across the U.S. We've had tremendous engagement and support from our retail partners. And while some retail partners were better positioned at this point in time to go through this transition than others might be, there has been overwhelming support from our retail partners as we make this move.
Kevin Lehmann - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you and good morning.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: DSD, so one topic, a couple of little questions, John and Paul, can we just say point blank that we've crossed the most dangerous stages of the DSD warehouse transition at this point? Is that valid?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: I think we've made tremendous progress. So we've agreed to pricing. We've agreed to planograms. We've agreed the SKU reductions. In some cases obviously, we'll have less items on shelf. We know that, but we'll pick up more facings for key items on the shelf. We have gone through what's probably the most difficult, which is actually going from our people crating the orders and we physically delivering to the back of store, to our retail partners creating the orders and their labor supplying product to the shelf. All that is working incredibly well. So I'd say that, yes, in terms of the highest risk factors, we are through that now. There's still things to be done. We're still in hyper-care in Q3 to ensure that the shelves are set properly, that the product is flowing properly, but everything we can see is working well. In fact, the first wave customers, where we can see the performance of those customers, we can see that the in-stock performance is actually better in warehouse than it was when it was in DSD. So we feel extremely good about the progress. And I would say the big risk factors are behind us. Still, things can happen to us here, but I'm feeling very, very confident about where we stand on this program.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then if I could just follow on, because I had this question about the early-stage customers. Do you have an early read on what's happened with the shelf space battle for those early customers where you have maybe a couple of months of data on this battle on the shelf because you still have a competitor out there, couple competitors, saying point blank that they're going to take shelf space from you. So just love to know if there's any early read on that shelf space battle.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Every customer's different, to be honest. And that's not trying to skirt around the question, but some of the earlier customers, we proactively culled SKUs with the aim of strengthening our assortment to get a harder-working assortment behind our biggest brands. With some customers, we're gaining space on the shelf. Some customers, we're giving up space because of items we're deleting simplify everything, quite frankly, through the process. And then, we're regaining space behind those deletions around our biggest brands like Cheez-It or Rice Krispies Treats, et cetera. So it is a customer-by-customer picture. The aim of this, though, David, is to get a harder working portfolio. And remember, in a DSD world relative to a warehouse world, the customer margin in the warehouse world is higher than in a DSD world. So you have big mega brands with big brand-building investment, promotional pressure, there's a real incentive for the win-win here to drive these brands harder going forward.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Final question from me on DSD is your comments about second quarter – I apologize if I'm just getting this wrong, but Snacks sales were flat. I think you said there was 5 points of benefits from inventory sale to the customers but that promotions were down and that took volume down about the same amount. However, our Nielsen data says that revenue's down like 7%. So I'm just not clear on what we're expecting in the third quarter. I'm going to guess that third quarter will show a sizable negative because of the trends that we're seeing in Nielsen relative to flat second quarter sales. But is that right? And then big picture, can you reiterate the 17% margin guidance for this multi-year transition out of DSD for the Snacks segment? And that's it for me. Thanks, guys.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: July will be the same because we're still transitioning through July. So July, we don't expect any difference. Our ramping up of programming really comes in in August. That will be offset by obviously inside the P&L. So, Nielsen data, you'll see some improvement. In the P&L you'll see the impact of the net sales. As for the commitment we made in the past to put margins up to the norm, that commitment still stands.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Just on the transition pacing, obviously you've completed that now, and it was over the last few months. You've talked and I think, Paul, you just mentioned a second ago that there also was some pricing impact in the second quarter for the customers who had transitioned and who presumably were getting the trade load benefit from. What's the progression of the pricing? And how do we think about how much of that was already in the second quarter? And what's the outlook to come in terms of the just phasing of that?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Sure, it's Fareed. And maybe I'll talk first half, second half. So we did start to see the pricing adjustments flow through in Q2 as customers came on board, and that as well as lower promotions were the headwinds and then those were offset partially by the pipeline fill that we talked about. As we get into the second half, what we're going to see is a little bit of pipeline fill continue in Q3. We're going to see a greater degree of pricing adjustments flow through as more and more customers come on board. And again, we frame the DSD top line to be 100 basis points on a full year basis across the whole company, so obviously, from a Snacks-specific standpoint, that will be more significant as we get into the quarter. But also importantly, in the second half, we're going to start to see the cost structure associated with the DSD network start to unwind. And that'll be more of a latter part of Q3 into Q4, but that's the sales infrastructure, the warehouse infrastructure as well. So a lot's happening in the second half of the year. As you've heard, each element is pretty much landing as we projected it, so we don't have any change in terms of the guidance for what DSD is going to do to the business.
Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co.: No, that's very helpful. Thank you. And just to follow up on that, one clarification, when you talk about accelerating the top-line growth, even with the increasing headwinds from the price cuts in the DSD transition, is that still true? Total company still expects the total sales momentum to improve over the course of the rest of the year?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Yes. So we expect the back half underlying business to improve in the back half of the year. What's driving that is even though we'll have some more headwind from the price adjustment within U.S. Snacks, we expect a meaningfully stronger performance from our European business as our Pringles business in Europe comes back from promotional activity. We expect to see continued progress in businesses in North America such as Frozen and Kashi. And we expect to see our Latin American business return to growth in the back half of the year as well. So a number of factors outside of the DSD discussion; we're expecting to see a much stronger back half that will help offset a greater impact from the price reduction going through the DSD business in the back half of the year.
Michael S. Lavery - Piper Jaffray & Co.: That's great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Thanks very much.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Morning.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Just one question, something just caught me in your presentation. There's a part related to DSD, but I wanted to ask you relative to cereal. Changing this distribution's required you to cull some tail brands. What seems to me from looking at the data, which I do a lot of these days, your Morning Foods, your cereal portfolio really has a number of big identifiable brands that maybe are not recent innovations, maybe not as proliferated. And the real underperformers in the Morning Foods category have been maybe some of the more newer brand equities or more niche-targeted brand equities, where maybe you've extended them. I guess, I'm trying to understand this, if there's not maybe a thesis here where you get back to a base, where maybe the cereal category like overextended itself for a few years. And you get back to a base of core users who probably never really changed, just the ancillary users who you attracted with new ingredients or you're trying to fight with Greek yogurt or whatever over the period of 2010, 2015 sort of fall away, but that core base does better because that seems to be somewhat happening in the data. It's not completely so, but I just kind of wanted your thought about that because certainly, we're all kind of looking for that turn. Thanks very much.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Hey, Jonathan. Internally, we talk, focused very much on what we call the Core 6. There are six brands, which are our Frosted Flakes, Froot Loops, Rice Krispies, Special K, Mini-Wheats and Raisin Bran, plus one or two, which is Kashi, on account of the Kashi Company. Those brands cover the broad spectrum of needs in the cereal category. And so for the fundamentals of the category to work well, you have to have, we say, you've got to be firing on all cylinders across those six brands. That is innovation. That is renovation. That is great ideas. And that is excellence when it comes to in-store execution and leveraging the scale of those brands across our retail base. And so that's very much what we focus on. So what you said is where we're going or what we're doing. As I mentioned, there are areas we can do better. We need to focus more on those health and wellness credentials across our adult brands. We also need to adapt more to the changing shopper environment as we go forward and make sure that our foods, our brands are available in those areas where the shoppers are shopping down the road. So what you said is what we're doing.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: I get what you're doing, but I guess what evidence can you provide or indicate like demographically or certain user, any custom work or any like facts or data you can share with us that show that that's what you need to do, that's why you're doing this and maybe that it's working or spots where it has worked?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: We segment this category through something we call demand chain. It looks at consumer and it looks at shopper. And it looks at cohorts within all different age groups. So we target, whether it's millennials, boomers, families, we constantly look at how the shopper shops as part of how we motivate and drive these brands. We can do more against boomers. And we can do more against millennials and Hispanics in our portfolio. We over-index against Hispanics and do very well there. Millennials, we need to drive relevancy. This is why versatility comes into play and this is why those health and wellness credentials are really important in today's environment, but also important in the environments in which they shop and how they shop.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you.
John P. Renwick - Kellogg Co.: Operator, I'm afraid it's 10:30. We are out of time.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to John Renwick. Please go ahead.
John P. Renwick - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, everyone, for your attention and please feel free to call any time. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John P. Renwick, CFA - Kellogg Co. John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co. Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co. Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company
Analysts: Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Joshua A. Levine - JPMorgan Securities LLC Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Please limit yourself to one question during the Q&A session. Thank you. Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John P. Renwick, CFA - Kellogg Co.: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our first quarter 2017 results. I am joined this morning by: John Bryant, Chairman and CEO, who will give you an overview of our business results and priorities; Fareed Khan, Chief Financial Officer, who will walk you through our financial results and outlook; and Paul Norman, President of North America, who will give you an update on our North America business. Slide number 2 shows our usual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance including earnings per share, net sales, profit margins, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand-building, up-front costs, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, when describing our results and outlook during today's prepared remarks, we will be referring to them on a currency-neutral comparable basis, unless otherwise noted. The appendices to our presentation provide you with the detail on our GAAP and non-GAAP performance. Finally, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Tuesday, May 9. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And now, I'll turn it over to John, and slide number 3.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. In a quarter that was unusually challenging across our industry, we're disappointed with the start to our year on top-line growth. There were essentially three drivers of this slow start, as we had mentioned previously. First, we experienced an expected reduction in trade inventory due to early shipments in Q4 in various categories in the U.S. and from the timing of shipments related to distributor transitions in a handful of international markets. We should be largely past these impacts. Secondly, we did encounter some customer-specific interruptions in Q1, mostly related to price-pack changes we are making on Pringles to cover input costs, product reformulations and currency. These negotiations have been resolved, though their impact could linger a bit into Q2 as we ramp back up normal orders and promotional activity in these accounts. Thirdly, and most importantly, like virtually every packaged food company, we experienced a suddenly lower consumption trend across all categories in the U.S. This was the continuation of long-term trends, exacerbated by some transitory issues, such as holiday timing and delays in tax refunds. In our business, we saw the worst of it in January, moderating but still soft in February, and then in March and April showing signs of returning to the run rates we saw in Q4 and full year 2016 adjusted for Easter timing. Shipments, too, seemed to normalize in March and April. Even despite this disappointing top-line, we still managed to grow currency-neutral profit and earnings. Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting continue to deliver savings as planned and we generated positive price/mix. We expect margin expansion to continue. This is what gives us confidence that we remain on track to deliver on our profit, earnings and cash flow guidance. Meanwhile, we are confident that our top-line performance will improve in coming quarters. We'll be past some of the discrete factors that affected shipments in Q1. We are already seeing signs of improvement in consumption trends, and we have stronger commercial plans. That said, the longer-term trends we have seen over the past couple of years are still with us. We are addressing these trends, making sure we are getting our consumers what they want, when they want and where they want to purchase it. This is the essence of our 2020 Growth Plan, and we're making good progress against it. Slide 4 highlights some 2020 Growth Plan elements that directly address the longer-term trends that have been weighing down consumption for packaged foods companies and we made progress in all these areas during Q1. We renovated food and packaging to be more on-trend. This is what will get us out in front of today's trends. Q1 saw Kashi Company return to growth in cereal share and consumption, while launching new and renovated snacks. We also launched a portfolio of new and renovated Special K bars. We renovated Eggo to eliminate artificial colors and flavors. We're building capabilities required for reaching today's multi-channel shopper. We need to find the consumer wherever he or she is shopping. In Q1, we had another quarter of growth in our Specialty Channels business. We continue to build capability and momentum in e-commerce and in high-frequency stores all around the world. And our recently-announced transition out of DSD, which served one particular channel, is specifically intended to free up resources that can be reinvested for the benefit of more brands across all channels. That transition got off to a good start in Q1. We're expanding in emerging markets. This is where we'll see better growth for a long time. In Q1, we generated organic growth in these markets. And we also saw continued expansion in our joint ventures, and we made good progress in integrating Parati in Brazil, a transformational acquisition for us in Latin America, and a business that is already posting strong growth. Over time, these actions will result in better presence and scale for us in markets that will outgrow developed markets. And we continue to increase our operating profit margin. This not only supports our earnings power in a growth-charged environment, but it helps to offset headwinds and creates fuel for future growth. Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting continue to generate expected savings. Gross margin continues to improve sequentially and operating profit margin continues to improve as well. Returning to profitable top-line growth is a must for us. And while Q1 feels like a step back from a net sales standpoint, we did continue to make progress. At this point, I'll turn it over to Fareed who will walk you through the financials.
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Slide 5 offers a brief summary of our financial results for Q1. While we had a disappointing quarter from a net sales perspective, our savings and efficiency programs were strong enough to grow operating profit on a currency-neutral comparable basis. Below operating profit, we were able to reduce interest expense and other financial costs while substantially increasing our earnings from joint ventures, which are growing strongly. Our favorable effective tax rate was expected in Q1, driven by a previously-disclosed tax benefit related to intra-company brand assets between subsidiaries. I would note that after Q1, our effective tax rate moves back up to higher levels for the remaining quarters and finishes the year higher than 2016, as previously guided. We finished Q1 with earnings per share growth that keeps us on track for our full-year expectations. Let's go into a little bit more detail, starting with net sales. Slide 6 breaks our reported net sales performance into its components, so you can get a currency-neutral comparable basis. As you can see from the slide, our price/mix continued to firm, contributing 130 basis points after being negative for much of 2016. It was volume that pulled down our net sales in the quarter. As we mentioned back in February, we were expecting a slow start to the year, based on the three factors that John mentioned: a reduction in trade inventories; second, some customer interactions associated with the implementation of price-pack changes on Pringles, particularly in Europe that have since been resolved; and third, broad-based consumption softness in the U.S., particularly in January and February. Q1 was not the norm and we expect to see sequential improvement in Q2, with further improvement coming in the second half. Slide 7 summarizes the key initiatives we have in place to drive our margins higher. The first four items on this slide are all well-accounted for under Project K, the largest restructuring program our company has ever undertaken. As you know, this program includes: Network Restructuring, which has included the closure of capacity, as well as investments in new capabilities; the move to a Global Business Services model; and Organizational Design work, which is also on track in generating savings. These efforts are global in scope and on track to deliver our projected benefits. The most recent element of Project K addressing our Go-to-Market Model represents our recently-announced decision to exit from DSD. It's a little different than the other elements of Project K, in that it's specifically intended to both improve top-line growth for our U.S. Snacks business over time, while also improving margins. This initiative remains on track, as Paul will discuss shortly. Finally, our Zero-Based Budgeting is delivering. It's in its second year in North America, where it's been embedded into the way we work and has been fully implemented in our international regions, and cost savings are being captured as expected. These initiatives strongly supported our profit and earnings in Q1 and will benefit margins and top-line growth in the future. Slide 8 shows how we improved our profit margins in Q1. Gross profit margin posted another quarter of year-over-year improvement. This was driven by productivity and cost savings under Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting, and by favorable net input costs. These factors more than offset the impact of continuing to invest in our food and packaging, as well as the negative operating leverage of an unusually large decline in volume we saw for the quarter. On the operating profit margin, we continued to see strong expansion in Q1, not only because of the increase in gross margin, but also because of the efficiencies and savings initiatives. Importantly, this operating margin expansion was broad-based, with all four of our regions recording increases. So our margin expansion remains very much on track. Also on track is our cash flow, as indicated on slide 9. In addition to higher net income, we continued to trim our core working capital as a percentage of sales, primarily through our efforts on payables. This year-over-year improvement in cash flow is strong, even when you exclude the year-ago impact of last year's bond tender. Our Q1 performance keeps us on track for our full-year cash flow target of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. With that, let's turn to slide 10 and our latest guidance for the full year 2017. We are affirming our guidance for operating profit, earnings per share and cash flow, even as we soften our outlook for net sales. The Q1 sales decline puts us behind the rate of our previous net sales guidance. And we are taking a prudent approach towards year-to-go consumption trends. So we think net sales growth for the full year is now more like a 3% decline. This doesn't alter our operating profit guidance, which we are affirming today. As we stated at CAGNY, we can deliver on a 7% to 9% operating profit growth, even if net sales decline 3% for the year. And we've identified additional opportunities that give us confidence in this outlook. Our earnings per share outlook is also affirmed, and this is both on a currency-neutral comparable basis, which is how we measure it, as well as on a comparable basis. And finally, we are also affirming our guidance on cash flow, as I mentioned. While we don't offer specific guidance by quarter, I would like to take a moment to comment on the general shape of our earnings in 2017. We still believe operating profit growth will be weighted to the second half. Some of these quarterly phasing factors are described on slide 11. While we mentioned there are elements of Q1 that could linger into Q2, and specifically we are prudently assuming that it's going to take time for January and February's consumption trends to moderate, and we'll just be resuming normal shipments and promotional activities following negotiations with certain customers in Europe during Q1, but the largest driver of our second half weighting is the DSD transition. Simply put, there'll be some overlap between the reinvestment in our warehouse and brand-building and the cost of operating DSD during the Q2 and Q3 transition period. This is because we can't eliminate DSD costs until we have the bulk of our customers transitioned into the warehouse model. And, by and large, those savings will come in Q4. In summary, Q1 was a slow start on the top-line, as we had indicated, but it didn't take us off course for earnings or cash flow. Much of our plan is weighted to the second half, with sales improving as we go along and savings related to the DSD exit coming late in the year. And our margin expansion programs continue to bear fruit, so we remain on track to achieve operating profit, EPS and cash flow guidance even with a softened top-line outlook. To be clear, and to reiterate John's comment, bottom-line growth is not enough. We need to get back to top-line growth and that remains a key priority for us, even as we deliver on margin expansion. So with that, I'd like to turn over the call to Paul Norman, our President of Kellogg North America.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company: Thanks, Fareed. Good morning, everyone. The first quarter was certainly a challenging one for Kellogg North America. We again delivered strong operating profit margin expansion. However, our top-line was not where we wanted it to be. John has already walked you through the unexpectedly soft consumption that was felt across our categories and across the entire industry. And, as he said, it appears that at least some of this was due to transitory factors that will not persist. We also had a notable decrease in trade inventories. We knew that trade inventory would come out in Q1 and it did. During the quarter, we made good progress on productivity initiatives, investment in food and packaging and our DSD transition, which I'll come back to in a moment. And we had strong commercial plans across our businesses for Q2 and the second half, though I'm confident that our sales performance will improve. Let's briefly walk through each business, starting with the ones whose results came in largely as expected, and then moving to Morning Foods and Snacks, where the factors I mentioned were most acute. I'll start with Specialty Channels on slide 13. Our Specialty Channels business in Q1 delivered a seventh consecutive quarter of sales and profit growth, even against a tough year-ago comparison. The net sales growth was delivered through equal parts of volume and price/mix, and via market expansion in core channels, as well as expansion in emerging growth channels, all of which was aided by innovation. Operating profit margin continued to improve, driven by price, mix, as well as continued Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting savings. So we continue to feel good about Specialty Channels. Now we'll look at our North America Other segment on slide number 14. As we expected, this segment posted strong 8% profit growth in Q1 with margins improving substantially, up 200 basis points on the strength of Project K and ZBB savings. In Frozen, Eggo consumption returned to growth in March. With the removal of artificial ingredients and solid commercial plans, we expect better net sales performance in coming quarters. MorningStar Farms is a similar story. Consumption turned to growth in March and our renovated line is now on shelf and being supported. So that should get gradually better, too. At Kashi, trade inventory corrected, following innovation launches in late Q4. However, we continue to show good progress in our overhauled Cereal business, which continued to grow consumption in the natural channel and grew consumption in xAOC measured channels, too, with particularly encouraging gains for our bear naked brand. And we're just starting to get back on air with media. We launched our new Nut Butter Bars in January. Our early signs are good and we're following it up with further renovations and innovations in the second half. So Kashi is another business in which we expect to see gradual improvement as the year goes on, both in consumption and in net sales. In Canada, we're still seeing the volume impact of our efforts to increase price realization in order to cover the steep transactional FX impact of a weakened Canadian dollar. We expect the impact to stabilize as we lap our pricing actions in the next couple of months. So Canada is on track to meet expectations for the year. Now, let's turn to slide 15 and U.S. Morning Foods. Morning Foods' Q1 sales were affected by the category-wide consumption slowdowns in January and February, by trade inventory reductions coming out of Q4 and by the timing of our commercial plans. Performance across our core six brands was mixed. Our kid brands grew consumption and share behind a strong performance of Frosted Flakes and Froot Loops. Cinnamon Frosted Flakes is the leading category innovation this year, and Froot Loops responded very well to its new Whatever Froots Your Loops campaign. On the flipside, Special K and Mini-Wheats started the year in decline, largely due to the year-on-year timing of innovation and renovation. Last year, both had important activity in Q1. While this year, both are set to launch new and renovated offerings during Q2. We expect quarterly sequential improvement in sales for cereal and share, driven by continued momentum in our kid brands and by the renovation, innovation, and new communication for the Special K and Frosted Mini-Wheats brands, which are breaking here in the month of May. We also have a major in-store event coming in late Q2 behind the movie release of Despicable Me 3. Pop-Tarts in Q1 continued to gain share in toaster pastries, driven by the successful launch of new Pop-Tarts Dunkin' Donuts flavors. We'll continue to drive this brand hard in the back half of the year with the launch of JOLLY RANCHER-flavored Pop-Tarts. So we expect gradual improvement in Morning Foods' sales performance in the coming quarters, while OP margin expansion will continue. Now, let's talk about U.S. Snacks shown on slide number 16. Snacks had a tough quarter for the consumption and trade inventory reasons we've mentioned previously. Additionally, but not unexpectedly, we also experienced some initial order softness during the few weeks in February when we were informing our DSD employees of our exit. These factors combined to pull down net sales and operating profit in the quarter. The good news is that we continue to gain share in Crackers, led by our Big 3 brands. And we saw newly-supported Keebler gain share in Cookies. We also sustained share growth momentum in another focused brand for us, Rice Krispies Treats. So our underlying in-market business performance remains healthy. And we feel good about what's coming in our commercial plans for the rest of the year. We've already launched Special K Snacks in Q1 and still transitioning that on shelf, but that will help us stabilize that brand. As we transition out of DSD, we are ramping up brand-building support across key cracker brands, wholesome snack brands, and Pringles. Q2 will see support behind our innovations as well as in-store promotions around Major League Soccer and the tie-in to the movie, Despicable Me 3. And going into the second half, our plan strengthens further with innovations behind Cheez-It, the renovation of Nutri-Grain and new single-serve pack-form adds across multiple categories, all of this supported by the incremental brand-building that is a key element of our transition to our new Go-to-Market Model. This brings me to another important development in the quarter, our progress against the DSD transition. This is graphically depicted on slide number 16 (sic) [17]. Transition planning is well underway, driven by a multi-functional team and led by individuals that orchestrated our successful integration of Pringles. Joint business planning with customers has gone well. And our retention of employees is on track. And we've made numerous other elements of progress against a host of operational elements. So we feel very good about our progress so far. Portfolio optimization began in Q1 and will continue through the transition as we optimize the assortment for warehouse delivery and work down inventories. This will have an increasing impact on volume as the year goes on, but it facilitates the transitions this year and should contribute to a net improvement in velocity and profitability as we get into 2018. Customer transitions have begun, with the first of our customer base being converted here in Q2. This will trigger the first of the list price adjustments, which will have an increasing impact as more customers get converted across Q2 and Q3. Keep in mind that we already have a fully-functioning warehouse system that is both efficient and scalable and is ready for this transition. Remember, though, most of DSD network will have to remain open through the transition. The final exit, including the final head count and DC reductions, will happen as the last of the customers gets converted during Q4. That's when you will see the true benefit of the savings begin to come forward at their ultimate run rate. So in summary for Kellogg North America, our top-line performance across the region was affected by softened consumption across most categories in the U.S., as well as some shipment timing and some short-term issues that should be behind us. Commercial plans get stronger in Q2, and we are making good progress on the DSD transition. And we continue to deliver strong improvement in our operating profit margin. With that, I'll turn it back to John for a look at the international regions.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Paul. Let's now turn to our international regions, starting with Europe on slide 18. We had a very difficult start to 2017 in Europe. The principal reason for our below-trend net sales performance in Q1 was Pringles. While our consumption held up reasonably well in the quarter, our shipments had an unusual downturn in Q1 because of some customer-specific interruptions as we sought to price behind our food and packaging upgrades, not to mention higher input costs and currency. This took some time to negotiate with customers, particularly in the UK and France. Getting this done was important as it enables us to reinvest behind the brand. These negotiations have been resolved. So after some lingering impact and tough comparisons in Q2, we should see Pringles return to growth in the second half, particularly given its geographic expansion and stronger commercial plans. I should point out that while net sales for our UK Cereal business declined year-on-year, we did post another quarter of sequential improvement. We also saw most of our biggest brands hold or gain share in the quarter, with Special K being the one we still have to stabilize. Overall in Cereal, we expect to continue toward stabilization in the UK and deliver better performance in the rest of Europe. We have strong commercial plans in the developed markets, with an emphasis on Special K, featuring renovation, innovation, and media-supported repositioning. We also expect to sustain our momentum in emerging markets, like Russia and Arabia. Europe is likely to remain challenging over the foreseeable future and we still have a lot of work to do, but we should see sequential improvement as the year goes on. Latin America is shown on slide 19. Sales in Latin America were off slightly, but solely because of distributor transitions in Central America and Peru. Excluding these transitions, our sales remained in growth. And this was led by good growth in Mexico, thanks to strong growth in high-frequency stores, a strategic priority for us, and solid consumption in our kid-oriented brands in cereal. Across the region, we sustained strong momentum in Pringles, including double-digit growth in the Southern Cone and continued gains in Mexico, Colombia and Brazil. The integration of Parati, another key priority for us this year, is going well. And Parati, itself, continued to post strong year-on-year growth in the quarter. If we were to combine Parati's year-on-year growth on a pro forma basis with our currency-neutral comparable results, it would've added to our sales and profit growth in Latin America in the quarter. This is an exciting region for us, and we expect improved growth going ahead. We also expect margin expansion in Latin America to deliver an extremely strong improvement in Q1, putting it well on track to deliver margin expansion for the year. We'll finish up our international discussion with Asia Pacific on slide 20. Asia Pacific posted improved sales growth in Q1 and very strong profit growth. In our biggest market, Australia, sales were off modestly year-on-year in the quarter, but this represented yet another quarter of good sequential improvement and we generated growth in consumption and share in Cereal. In Asia, we generated high single-digit sales growth and this growth was broad-based. India is rebounding nicely from the impact of demonetization. And we are recording good growth in Southeast Asia, as well as Japan and Korea. Meanwhile, we continue to grow Pringles across the Asia Pacific region. In Q1, this was led by momentum and expansion of small cans in Korea, the successful launch of a popular new variety in Japan, helping us return to share growth in that market, and strong double-digit gains in emerging markets. Outside of our consolidated net sales results, our joint ventures continue to perform extremely well in local currency. Both delivered strong double-digit growth again, with West Africa led by strong noodles volume and China more than doubling its e-commerce sales. Given their size and growth rates, if we were to add our share of the JVs' year-on-year sales growth, we'd be talking about double-digit currency-neutral comparable sales growth for Asia Pacific. Asia Pacific is another region that is very much on track to deliver on its projected sales and profit growth in 2017, and is important to the company's overall growth profile going forward. So now I'm going to summarize with slide 21. It is an unusual time for large packaged food companies, more than ever underscoring the importance of our 2020 Growth Plan and our margin expansion target. Our Q1 got off to a slow start, as we had mentioned it would back in February, and as other companies have experienced. We are disappointed by this top-line performance, but we do believe much of the headwinds are behind us, and remain committed to doing what we have to do in order to sequentially improve this performance near-term, and ultimately returned to top-line growth. We remain on our profit, earnings, and cash flow guidance for the year, a testament to the strength of our productivity initiatives. We are making good progress on our 2020 Growth Plan. In Q1, that was evident in our growth in emerging markets, in our expansion in emerging channels, our launch of on-trend food and packaging, and even our progress on exiting DSD. And finally, we continue to improve our currency-neutral comparable operating profit margin with good visibility to our 2018 goals. As always, I want to thank our employees for their hard work and determination in making us a stronger Kellogg Company. And with that, we'll open up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you. I was hoping I could ask a little bit about the inventory reductions that you've seen in the trade, and maybe you could help me understand what the customers are doing here. Are they consciously just trying to improve their working capital or have you seen, I guess, distribution losses in different categories and geographies for your own business that necessitate lower inventory? And then particularly in Kashi, I guess I thought Kashi was kind of improving. And then to see the inventory kind of cut back, maybe you could help me understand why that occurred?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Rob. Let me just talk about the company at a macro level, and then I'll let Paul jump in with anything he might want to add on North America. Clearly, inventory had an impact on our first quarter top-line growth. And if I just sort of give you a sense of the impact, we were down about 4% on organic sales in Q4. That breaks into four different buckets. 1% is the underlying consumption trend line that we had across 2016. About 1% is the softer consumption from January, February. About 1% is the trade inventory question that you've asked. And another point was the impact of Pringles pack-price architecture and some customer disputes that disrupted our business in the quarter. If I go specifically to your trade inventory question, so, again, that's about a one point impact on the consolidated results for Q1. We mentioned back on the fourth quarter call that we ended the fourth quarter with higher inventories than we would normally have. So we expected some of this to come out in Q1. It's fair to say we also ended Q1 with lower inventories than what we would normally have. Part of that could be, for example, in the Snacks business, where we are culling SKUs in preparation for the DSD transition. What's not driving this is loss of distribution broadly in our categories. In fact, we have the same shelf presence and shelf footprint today as we had last year and the year prior. So we see a good stability in that area. I think this is a correction from higher inventories, and, quite frankly, we're at unusually lower inventories at the end of this quarter, which can give us some line of sight to additional sales as we go through the year. Paul, do you want to add anything?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company: Hey, Rob, Paul. Yeah, Kashi. I will come to Kashi in a second. If you look across Crackers, Cookies, Pop-Tarts, Cereal, Frozen, and Kashi, consumption was higher than our shipments in every case. Okay? So it really was a significant impact. Again, more granular on something like Kashi, there's a big disconnect in cereal, in particular, partly because of the selling in of innovation at the end of last year, which we knew drove some inventory in. The good news is, is the consumption is exactly where, if not ahead of where we planned. So we're seeing that come through in the first quarter and will normalize now as we go forward into the second quarter. I want to dig deeper and give you a little bit of color maybe on Snacks. Snacks was off, as you can see, by about 6%. Half of that, we think, is consumption-related broad-based trends in the marketplace. As I said, we grew share in Crackers. We grew share in the Keebler Cookie brand. Rice Krispies continues to do well. But the other half is things like the inventory decline, so planned SKU culls and a little bit of disruption around the, as John said, the transition as it relates to ordering, particularly in those two weeks when we spoke to our sales force about the future. So you can see this disconnect come through just about in every one of our businesses, it gives us the belief it's transitory and things will get better.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you and good morning.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: One of your competitors is pretty open about expecting to see gains in shelf space and display activity because of your DSD exit in the second half. I'd just like to hear your thoughts on this. How do you minimize the disruption of this event? What do your retail partners tell you about what's going to happen to the shelf as you make that change? And then, just one related question to this whole thing, you mentioned about brand-building in snacks and starting to ramp on it. Could you just develop that a little bit more, and when should we start to expect to see significantly higher levels of brand-building for the snack operations?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company: Thanks, David. Here's how we see the status of the DSD transition. So far, everything is on track. And we're very happy with where we stand. If you step back, remember, what's driving this is a consumer and shopper-driven reason and a customer channel-driven reason. Part of the orientation away to a pull model is that we will shift significant resources to brand-building behind those, what I would call, invest-to-grow brands, particularly within Snacks, brands like Cheez-It, Rice Krispies Treats, Pringles, for example. Our warehouse model is more effective and efficient. We already ship through warehouses. We deliver better service and higher in-stocks and it offers us better joint value creation with our customers as we come through on one platform. As far as the shelf is concerned, we're deliberately leaning in to optimize our assortment, so we can make the shelf work harder. And so we are looking proactively to make sure that we have our fastest moving, biggest brands, where the investment is going to go, on shelf. We're not looking to lose space. We're looking to optimize our shelf so it can work harder. Within our customer discussions, so far, there is broad-based agreement that this is the future of delivery in these kinds of categories. And we're working through how we achieve it in the near-term. So we've had generally very good support for the move. Specifically on brand-building, as I alluded to, you will see the brand-building ramp up here as we go through Q2, Q3, and Q4. It is really important as we go through this transition that we have strong plans in market to ensure shelf presence, display presence and we've got big things to sell behind. So as you look at our Snacks business year to go, we do have a double-digit increase in brand-building coming on crackers, wholesome snacks and Pringles. We have renovation of the core Nutri-Grain business and brand. We have a big range of seasonal innovations across cookies and wholesome that will drive fun and excitement and display in store. We have Cheez-It innovation coming in the back half. And we have lots of new pack formats across crackers, cookies, and wholesome snacks to drive incremental consumption in new occasions. And a lot of those packs will exist in the mainstream retail environment as well. So we have a pretty packed program of things to come that will drive excitement in the category and we'll benefit from the brand-building as we put it in in the back half of the year.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Just one quick follow-up – sorry, go ahead.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Just add one more comment to that. I think Paul made the point that while we're coming out of DSD and going into a warehouse system, we're not just going to any warehouse system. We're going into the Kellogg warehouse system, which is designed to help support large heavily-merchandised categories like cereal. So even when we come into this warehouse system, we'll continue to have feet on the street. We'll continue to drive merchandising with our customers. And as we do this, obviously, we're improving our customer margins on these products and it makes it even more profitable for the margins to support our business. So we feel that we have some advantages in our warehouse system, given how it's set up, given our experience with cereal and our continued presence in store with feet on the street.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Just one follow-up, when you guys use the phrase optimize the portfolio, I generally think that means there's some SKU elimination and you can quantify a sales drag. But I'm also hearing that you're trying to restage the shelf to put your biggest brands on. So I'm a little confused. Is there a quantification of SKU elimination and you could say, okay, it's like a two-point drag against the Snack business?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company: I can't give you a quantification today, David. But what you're saying is what we're doing. We are eliminating tail where it doesn't make sense. And we're looking to prioritize and maximize assortment against the biggest things we have. And so when I talk about putting more brand-building in behind brands like Cheez-Its and Rice Krispies Treats, et cetera, we are making sure that we have the most efficient and effective assortment to drive our business harder going forward. But there is a degree of SKU rationalization, and we've leant in proactively on that.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you so much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joshua A. Levine - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning. It's actually Josh on for Ken. On DSD, I guess sticking with this. I know you've talked about in the past, about the plan generally – or you talked earlier about it being on track. But you've also talked in the past about having to give back on certain terms like on price to customers in Keebler. I know it's early, and the customer's obviously only started the transition with, but trying to get a sense of the level of these give-backs, whether, again, it's pricing or other forms and just being sure that this is more or less where you expect it.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company: Hey, Josh, I can't go into detail on price or anything that you call the give-backs. But I can tell you that the discussions with retailers have gone well. And within the context of the plans we put together going in, so far so good.
Joshua A. Levine - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks. And then maybe just a larger question on the retail environment, I guess you didn't really emphasize that part as much, right. Obviously, there's some inventory changes that acted as a drag in certain places. But Kraft Heinz last night said that the competitive environment and the pressures they were getting from customers really weren't different from what they usually are, I guess. Would you agree with that assessment? Because, obviously, there have been, obviously a lot of articles lately about big grocers trying to extract something extra from their vendors. We're trying to figure out how this is actually playing out in reality. Thanks.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company: Yes, Josh, I think it would be fair to say there is always pressure from our retail partners to keep prices low. If you look at the data we see, you see there's not a lot of massive deflation going on in our categories right now. We have seen a little bit of push from private labels in selected categories. Frozen would be one. We've see private label items come up, and we've also seen our Eggo items come up, which suggests that there are factors going on there. And the retail environment is changing to adapt to consumer needs, quite frankly. And so we're seeing growth on the fringes of retail in all kinds of places, just incumbent on us to be more agile with the right food in the right format at the right price, depending on those retail environments. But the pressure is the same as it's always been.
Joshua A. Levine - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. I just had a question on the margin here. It seems like if your top-line guidance is sales decline about 5% and operating profit growth would be up, let's call it, about 5% or so, that implied operating profit margin is, I don't know, up 150, 200 basis points? But what it seems like is that increase in that operating profit for the year that's expected, that obviously doesn't include the full upside on the operating profit margin coming from snacks. So I guess we think about 2018, it would seem like there should be a sizable step up in 2018 that we're not going to see in 2017, even though 2017 is stepping up. Am I thinking about that the right way?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Rob. It's Fareed. A couple of points; first of all, we are on track for the 350 basis point operating profit growth that we've outlined a few years ago and you see that lift in the quarter and you will see that lift in the full year. There is a number of moving parts, and you touched on several of them, so it might be worth just kind of revisiting the phasing a little bit. First of all, on the top-line, as John mentioned, about half, or 200 basis points, of our top-line decline in Q1 was really quarter-specific factors between the trade inventory and some of the customer discussions. Through Q2, we expect that to moderate and we'll be back to more of a normalized run rate, still negative, for the year. And we guided to down 3%, so that implies still a soft back half, but more normalized. We had price/mix favorability in the quarter and we expect that to continue. That's through initiatives as well as regions. On cost of goods, we have seen some favorability in raw materials. We have Project K and ZBB initiatives that are already in flight. And those are going to deliver the objectives that we have set out. And so those are pretty large numbers for the year, and they will basically deliver pretty consistently throughout the four quarters. And then we get to the DSD, which is really the primary driver of some of the phasing differences. And, as Paul mentioned, we've got brand building investments. We've got investments in the network, in inventory and getting ready for the transition to make sure that that's successful. And then, we have price changes with customers. And then, we operate the DSD network and the warehouse network somewhat in parallel until we get a critical cut mass of customers on the warehouse model and then we can start taking down and capturing the cost benefits. And so that actually drives the most significant kind of first half, second half phasing. And obviously, with the size of the network and some of the more front-loaded investments, those are big swings. So we do see operating margin up 100 basis points and definitely on track for the 350.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks. And then just a follow-up on U.S. Snacks, the organic sales were down 6% in the North America sub-segment and I realize there are some kind of one-off variables driving that performance, but as think about as we go through the rest of the year, it does sound like as you transition into more retailers, there's maybe a bit more incremental pricing pressure, maybe even a bit more incremental volume pressure. So is the thought that the overall North America performance should still improve as we go through the year, despite potential worsening in U.S. Snacks?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company: Yes, we see the improvement coming sequentially across the year. A far as the Snacks business is concerned, obviously, I'm not sure we'll see incremental volume or price pressure, as John alluded to. As part of the transition, our retailers will actually get more margin here. And we have great plans to pull coming through in brand-building. So we will see some deflation of pricing because of the net sales impact, but overall underlying velocities, there's going to be a lot of volatility. But we're still going to execute our plan.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. These go ahead.
Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray: Morning. Thank you.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Good morning.
Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray: Just wanted to touch on snacks. First of all, make sure I heard you right, that about half the decline there was just consumption-driven. Snacks, obviously, recently has been one of the few bright spots in packaged food for top-line momentum. Are you seeing that turn? And what's changed there that you would point to the consumption decline?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company: I think some of that 50% or so, half of it being consumption decline, was related to the January, February impacts that I think the entire industry felt. We're not anticipating those declines to become the norm. I think they were transitory in nature. And so we feel very confident that snacking categories are ripe for growth going forward.
Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray: And can you touch on the Kashi Snacks launch? You had some of those new items early in the year. And maybe then you were poorly timed if the whole sort of industry impacted with it were out of favor, but how is that running against your expectations both in terms of distribution and the velocities?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company: Specifically to Kashi Snacks, we launched two Nut Butter Bars at the beginning of the year here, and so far so good. The pickup has been better than we expected. We have more listings to come in the back half around nut butters. We're also fully renovating our chewy bars here at the end of the second quarter, moving into the third quarter, and the food is significantly preferred, so we have a real upgrade coming on our chewy bars. So that's the innovation and renovation. We've just gone back on air with new advertising which features the bars here in March, April, so. And that will continue through Q2 and Q3. So we are on track to deliver what we expected this year. Now as we've said, on Kashi bars in particular, we expected growth on cereal this year from a consumption point of view. That is our outlook. On bars, we expected to dramatically decline the rate of decline, if you like. So we're not expecting growth, but we are expecting a much lower rate of decline, in the single digits. And so far, we're on track and we feel good with the uptake of these new bars. In terms of points of distribution on bars, we are seeing going into the second half of the year, a stabilization as it pertains to points of distribution, which is positive because we hadn't seen that over the past couple of years. So with a bit of luck and a bit of hope and a bit of good execution, we're bottoming out here and we can start to look forward on snacks.
Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray: No, that's helpful. And just a last follow-up, on the acceleration broadly that you expect across the portfolio, where do you see the biggest opportunities for that? And what should we be watching for when to see that come through?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company: Specifically to Kashi, Michael, or to the...
Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray: No, no. For your whole portfolio, when you talk about you expect the accelerating top-line over the course of the year, what would be the biggest drivers of that?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company: Granted, we expect it to come across all of our businesses, as I mentioned, that we see consumption disconnected from shipments in just about every category. So we expect improving consumption on cereal through the back half of the year. We expect it on cookies and crackers from a velocity point of view, Pop-Tarts. Frozen, we're anticipating getting back into growth. Kashi Cereal, we're looking to see that consumption growth come through in our business. Specialty, we expect to maintain the momentum we've developed. And in our Canadian business, we're going to lap, as I said, the pricing interventions from a year ago soon, and we expect an improving performance there as well. So it really is broad-based.
Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. John, in terms of the E.U. softness around the customer negotiations, and I guess specifically the weakness in the UK, my understanding was that the net revenue management was going to be an increasing component for the business as the year rolled on into 2018. But, I guess given the consumer weakness you're seeing, maybe some of the UK inflation building from Brexit, how are you thinking about the risks to the net revenue management approach at this point?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: John, I'd say that the revenue growth management work is even more important in a difficult environment like we have in Europe. So if you look at what happened in Europe in the first quarter, Cereal actually was broadly in line with what our expectation was. Pringles was the big deviation from what we both expected and the historical run rate. And what happened there is we had to take some pack-price architecture moves to offset both some cost inflation, but also big transactional foreign exchange issues that that business has, given how some of the cross rates have moved within Europe. Unfortunately, that did result in some customer disruption, some customer disputes. We are happy to say they are behind us, and we've come to common ground with our retail partners. And now here in Q2, there'll be some lingering impact of that, but that will be behind us, so we'll be able to move forward, getting that business back into good growth in the back half of the year, as we've seen over the last four or five years. The Pringles business actually has a pattern of every about five years doing a food improvement, changing pack-price and improving price realization. We were due for that this year on Pringles, both in Europe and the U.S. This is the first time we've done it under Kellogg ownership. Quite frankly, the disruption was a bit more than what we anticipated, but it was absolutely the right thing to do. I'm happy to say it's behind us and we are moving back on track with where we need to be on that business as we go forward.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then just a follow-up, in terms of the ingredients renovations and reformulations, is there a way to frame where you are in terms of that program? Are you halfway through, 25% through? Can you just quantify, maybe, how much work still remains?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: It's an ongoing process because the definitions of health and wellness and what consumers are looking for continues to change and evolve. So if you look at what we're doing to drive top-line growth, a big part of it is ensuring we have on-trend food and packaging. So this year, we have about a 50 basis point headwind on cost of goods as we make decisions to reinvest back in our food, whether that be elimination of artificials on waffles, which is doing very well here in the first quarter, or improving the performance of the food profile of Pringles, or investing back into our core cereal business. So these are changes that we'll keep doing. It won't be a case of getting it behind us. It's an ever, ongoing, evergreen evolutionary part of our business.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, John.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Morning, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I just had one question, John, and it's a follow-up to the answer you gave to an earlier question about – you made a reference to the strength of your warehouse system and how that's, sort of, a good fit for the biscuit business. One of the things that has always, sort of, justified DSD is just turns, how much, how fast or how often a category turns and like soft drinks are an extreme. It turns like 80 times a year. Can you just give us a sense, in terms of the biscuit business, what the turns are or, more importantly, what they are relative to some of the big products in your warehouse brands now? Are they turned roughly the same amount and that's what gives you confidence that you can service it just as well?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Absolutely. So take cereal, for example. The velocity on items like cereal and Pop-Tarts are similar to or better than the turns on cookies and crackers. So we are used to distributing a high velocity, high merchandising set of categories through this warehouse system. The feature and display is also very strong on cereal and Pop-Tarts, as it is on cookies and crackers. Remember that 40% of our Snacks business today goes through the warehouse system. And where we go through that warehouse system, we have better delivery performance, we have better share performance and we have a better growth profile. So we have already proven that these products can go through a warehouse system and, quite frankly, a warehouse system largely delivers cookies and crackers in major markets around the world. So what we're doing here in the U.S. is not new to the world. This is how these products go to market in markets like the UK, et cetera. So we are very confident in our ability to enable this and have it work. We do recognize that in the transition, there can be some disruption. This is a complicated thing that we're doing here. We have great plans around it. We believe we're well-positioned to execute it, but the destination is absolutely the right place. The path to get there is where we have to stay very focused and execute with excellence.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, John.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Larson with Buckingham. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for squeezing me in. My question is for Fareed. By the way, welcome to the company. Cash flow, you've got a bunch of tailwinds with free cash. I know that you maintained your guidance for the year, but you've got some really meaningful working capital benefits that you're improving on. You've got your operating profit margins improving. Your CapEx for Project K should be coming down. Is some of that being offset? Well, obviously, some of it is being offset by lower revenue, but do you have other, maybe one-time cash uses right now for like the DSD conversion, or can you give us a little bit of feel for why we're not actually trickling up a little bit on free cash?
Fareed A. Khan - Kellogg Co.: Sure, Eric, and hello and thanks for the welcome. So we still have cash costs with some of the restructurings that we have in place through the various initiatives. And when we first launched them, we talked about $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion. And we're about $1.3 billion through those upfront costs. So there's still some left. The primary driver, as you noted, is going to be associated with the DSD conversion. We're still focused on working capital. We're still focused on a lot of the other initiatives. And so it's really – there's some upfront cost investment. As you noted, we increased the dividend and will have board authorization for share buybacks as well. And that $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion cash flow target for the year still feels right.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. First a question on the DSD-supported businesses, how are you thinking about your year-over-year shipment performance as you go through the rest of the year and what's baked into your guidance?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company: We don't give quarterly indications, but we have factored in, obviously, a degree of an inventory build and a transfer here through the second and third quarter, which will be offset by some other factors as the year goes on. So as John, I think, might pick it up, we'd originally factored in the impact to the company in the year from this. And there's no change to that.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Yes, so I think as we said before, we'll see a little bit of an inventory build probably Q2 and into Q3. So Q2 might be a little bit better than in Q3. And Q4, you'll see the price adjustments which will bring down our net sales. But, obviously, that will be with us as we go into 2018 as well. So that gives you a sense of a bit of the phasing as we go through the year.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful, thank you. And then also, just looking at some of the scanner data for the first quarter, it looks similar to some of the past quarters, where Special K has been relatively weak and snack bars relatively weak, but it sounds like those are some areas; I don't know if it's Special K specifically, but your claim that you're going to get back to growth in Cereal is certainly speaking to improvement somewhere. And I guess you mentioned the new chewy bars that you're going to be launching. But any detail about how you're going to be improving those businesses would be helpful. Thanks.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Company: Yes. It's Paul, David. The Special K Cereal business has actually flattened out pretty much and held or grown share in the last two years. The impact in Q1 was really down to a timing of innovation activity, and we have all of that lined up to start and it's starting here in May, as we speak. So the Cereal business, you picked it up. If we're going to win and drive this category forward, our Core 6 needs to fire on all cylinders. And K needs to do better in the back half. We think we have the plans to do that. Our kid brands momentum will continue, specifically with wholesome snacks. There's more than Special K to wholesome snacks. Rice Krispies Treats continues to grow, and we look to accelerate that. Nutri-Grain has significant renovation coming as well. And then the Special K transition is underway, with better food and we'll benefit from the new campaign across the entire brand. So we expect an improving trend in Special K bars as part of our wholesome snack business year to go.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you very much.
John P. Renwick, CFA - Kellogg Co.: Okay. Operator, I'm afraid we're out of time.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to John Renwick for any closing remarks.
John P. Renwick, CFA - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, everyone, for your interest. And if you have any follow-up questions, please call me. I'll be around all day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-09 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John Renwick - Kellogg Company John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co. Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co. Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Results. Thank you. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick - Kellogg Company: Thank you, Gary. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our fourth quarter 2016 results. I'm joined this morning by John Bryant, Chairman and CEO, who will give you an overview of our business results and priorities; Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer, who will walk you through our financial results and outlook; and Paul Norman, President of North America, who will give you an update on our North America business. Slide 2 shows our usual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance including earnings per share, net sales, profit margins, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Tuesday, February 14. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And now, I'll turn it over to John and slide number 3.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John, and thank you everyone for joining us. Please turn to slide 3 and a quick summary of the quarter and year. Q4 results showed a sequential improvement, as promised. We generated sequential improvement in net sales with currency neutral comparable growth in Q4 on top of year-ago growth, even excluding Venezuela. We saw sequential improvement in price mix, gained a flat after having been down the first half and providing evidence of Revenue Growth Management starting to take hold. We saw improvement in our gross margin in Q4 as our savings start to offset headwinds like adverse transactional currency and country mix. We saw sequential improvement in our operating profit margins and growth, both coming in ahead of our expectations in the high end of our guidance. We also came in higher than our expectations and guidance on EPS and cash flow. Behind these results is continued progress against our 2020 Growth Plan, our 2016 priorities, and our 2018 profit margin target. In the U.S., we collectively gained share in our Core Six cereal brands; we steadily improved our sales performance in U.S. Snacks and we overhauled food and packaging in Frozen and Kashi. We continue to expand Pringles globally. We grew in emerging markets even as we added scale in these markets through acquisitions and joint ventures and we delivered and expanded on our productivity initiatives including Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting. We also launched Revenue Growth Management and other initiatives to win where the shopper shops. We recognized that we have some key areas yet to stabilize. UK Cereal, Special K Snacks and Kashi Snacks, for example, but we have made good progress overall and we did what we said we were doing. This kind of progress will continue in 2017 toward our 2018 goals. Financially, as indicated on slide 4, this progress should manifest itself in a few ways. Gradual improvement in net sales performance. It won't be immediate. In fact, Ron will discuss the negative impacts of trade inventory shifts and other factors in Q1. But over time, the efforts to strengthen the fundamentals behind our core brands from our investments in food and packaging to development of new sales and marketing capabilities to price realization from Revenue Growth Management will show through as improved top-line performance. We also see strong operating profit margin expansion. We have increased confidence in our ability to reach our 2018 OP margin target because our productivity programs are working and because we're adding to them and we'll be increasing our cash flow. This is a result of combining increased earnings with continued working capital improvements and prioritized capital expenditure. And we're also constantly looking for new ways to transform our business. Yesterday, we announced that we'll be exiting direct store delivery from U.S. Snacks moving completely to our warehouse distribution system as part of a broader strategy to transform that business unit. This is a significant move and, obviously, a decision like this doesn't come easily or quickly. The DSD organization has been at the heart of our crackers and cookies business from its start, but times have changed in the form of consumer habits and customer landscape, and we believe that this shift from DSD to warehouse will allow us to compete more effectively in today's market environment. Simply put, as we look to cross – as we closely added U.S. Snacks business, it became clear that moving fully to a warehouse distribution system offered the best part to more profitable growth going forward. This is a difficult decision in light of its near-term impact on the organization but it is the right long-term decision. We invited Paul Norman, President of Kellogg North America to explain in more detail the rationale and implications. Paul?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. When we say we're getting out of DSD, we mean that we will no longer ship product directly to our customers' stores but we will rather ship product to our customers' warehouses. This takes advantage of both of our warehouse systems. Before I go into the rationale on slide 5, let's ground ourselves on what exactly we sell through DSD today. First of all, in the U.S., DSD is only in our U.S. Snacks business unit, and through DSD, we sell cookies, crackers, wholesome snack bars and fruit-flavored snacks and only to the grocery and mass channels. This means there is already more than one-third of U.S. Snacks, including these same categories through other channels and all of Pringles that is distributed through our U.S. warehouse system plus the rest of all our U.S. business. So, warehouse distribution is something we already do for more than three-quarters of U.S. sales, and it's something we already do at scale with high effectiveness. At the root of our decision, though, is the change in today's customer and shopper habits, and what those habits are doing to the retailer landscape. This is depicted on slide 6. As you all know, there are significant shifts in shopping patterns happening, and they are altering our retailer landscape. As shoppers shop in more and different channels, as click and collect grows rapidly and as consumers receive brand communication in different ways, we need to invest in our business in different ways too. Right now, much of our U.S. Snacks resources are dedicated to a distribution system, DSD. That doesn't allow us to invest enough in the pull-oriented activities that resonate better with today's consumer and to drive our categories and collect (07:58) brand building, shopper marketing, new package formats. The shift out of DSD allows us to take advantage of our warehouse distribution system in which we already have scale and in which our retailers already have sophisticated technology and replenishment capability. By improving margins for our customers and freeing up resources ourselves, we can invest in the activities that take us from a push model to a pull model that is more effective in today's environment for the packaged foods like the ones we make. Slide 7 emphasizes this move improves both our effectiveness and our efficiency. It improves our effectiveness by redeploying resources from trucks and distribution centers to pull-oriented investment across more of our brands by improving our service levels through more frequent deliveries being made to more stores, and by enabling cross-category execution of commercial activities as our entire portfolio will now go through the same warehouse distribution system. Let's be very clear. We will continue to have significant presence in store. We will have feet on the street just as we do in Morning Foods today. We also think moving to warehouse distribution will improve our efficiency by leveraging scale and technology that we and our customers already have. This means more full truckloads and it means better inventory management and by creating value jointly with our customers as we improve profitability and asset utilization for both of us, allowing us to invest more to grow our business together. These are just a few of the reasons why warehouse distribution can make U.S. Snacks more effective going forward. We can already see this even within the Snacks business unit, today, we realize higher service levels in the categories and channels we sell through warehouse distribution, and we have higher shares in these channels too. Slide 8 shows how we're thinking about the timeline and the impact of this transition out of DSD. As you can all imagine, an undertaking of this size is extremely complicated. It involves a large number of employees. It involves transferring inventory and it involves closing distribution centers. We're not going to go into much detail today, but rest assured we are approaching this in the same disciplined manner we would employ for integrating a major acquisition or restructuring, complete with a transition team and governance mechanisms. From a P&L perspective, we are planning on this DSD exit to be neutral to a comparable basis operating profit in 2017 as we work through the transition, and then it becomes accretive in 2018. It will alter the shape of our Snacks P&L, and therefore, the company's P&L too. Specifically, volume will be impacted, not only by optimizing our assortment but also at least in the near-term through some inevitable disruption as we make this transition. List prices will be adjusted, reflecting the elimination of DSD services that we are providing to our retail customers today. So there's a bit of a reset to the U.S. Snacks net sales in 2017 and 2018 before we see acceleration in growth. Between the impact to net sales and the shift of distribution costs into cost of goods sold, there will also be a reset to U.S. Snacks gross profit margin. These impacts will be offset by a reduction in (11:54). Ron will walk you through what this means for the company's 2017 guidance in a moment. This action demonstrates just how serious we are about creating a more competitive and faster growing Snacks business. We can generate more growth by shifting resources to brand building whilst improving margins for both our retailers and our sales. In a couple of weeks at CAGNY, you will hear in more detail how this move contributes to a broader transformation of our Snacks business. I'll finish by reiterating what John said. This was a very difficult decision, as our DSD organization has been so integral to our Snacks business for so long. But we firmly believe this is the right move for our business as we look forward at changing consumer, shopper, and retail trends. With that, let me turn it over to Ron, who will walk you through our financial results for Q4 and our outlook.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Paul, and good morning. Slide 9 shows highlights of the financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year. Describing our results and outlook, we will be referring to them on a currency-neutral comparable basis unless otherwise noted. And in many cases, we will also give you the same metrics excluding Venezuela. Of course, the appendices to our presentation provide you with the detail on our GAAP and non-GAAP performance. Our net sales in the fourth quarter grew year-on-year. The shipments volume growth was ahead of consumption, so there will likely be some trade inventory reduction in the first quarter. Nonetheless, the results point to continued sequential improvement and we saw the sales growth in every region except Europe. Operating profit grew strongly in the fourth quarter ahead of our expectations and finished the year with comparable growth of nearly 7%, excluding Venezuela, which is above the high end of our guidance. Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting delivered more than expected, contributing to an increase in gross margin and operating margin and we finished the year with currency-neutral comparable operating profit growth and margin expansion in every one of our four geographic regions. Earnings per share also came in above our fourth quarter expectations and full-year guidance both on a comparable and currency-neutral comparable basis. Note that after running a few pennies negative each quarter during Q1 through Q3, excluding Venezuela, currency translation went more severely negative, a $0.07 headwind in the fourth quarter driven mainly by the weakening of the British pound. Before I turn to our comparable basis earnings guidance, let's look at slide number 10, which shows our revised estimates for Project K. To date, we have been managing the upfront costs and cash outlays very efficiently, and they have come in at the low end of our guidance. We have also delivered on our estimated savings. Now, with the exit of DSD and other initiatives, we are expanding Project K with savings now extending into 2019. This requires additional up-front costs like severance and discontinued leases but also generates additional savings. The chart on this slide shows our new estimates for the overall project. As you can see, our up-front costs rise for the program in roughly the same amount as our savings, indicating an improved ratio of savings to up-front costs. And this is particularly the case when you compare the incremental savings to the incremental cash portion of up-front costs, which are only floating up to the high end of our initial guidance range. These are good, high-return initiatives that will reduce our cost structure and add to our confidence and our margin expansion target. In 2017, specifically, we expect up-front costs of about $400 million to $450 million or $0.80 to $0.90 per share. Slide 11 shows our guidance for currency-neutral comparable sales and profit in 2017, all excluding Venezuela. The DSD exit is expected to have a meaningful impact on U.S. Snacks net sales due to reducing list prices to the retailers and to the volume impacts of initial disruption and rationalization of skews. Our initial estimate is that this will pull down the company's comparable sales by more than a point in 2017. Outside of U.S. Snacks, the rest of our business is forecasted to be flat to down 1%, and this is essentially in line with our collective categories and still has us improving from recent year's performance led by price mix improvements from Revenue Growth Management. Because of trade inventory shifts between years and elasticity in Europe, we could get off to a slower start with the sales decline in the first quarter from improvement should be evident as the year goes on. Price realization efforts and productivity initiatives should increase gross margin even if partially offset by the pricing impact and structural changes of exiting DSD. Overhead should come down as a percentage of sales owing to Zero-Based Budgeting efficiencies and later in the year to the reduction in selling and distribution expenses related to the DSD exit. On operating profit, we continue to project high single-digit growth, even after incorporating the DSD exit, that suggests an operating profit margin expansion of more than 100 basis points, keeping us well on pace towards the 350 basis point increase we targeted from 2015 through 2018. Also, you've seen in our press release that we have deconsolidated our Venezuela operations as of yearend 2016. This doesn't impact our operating profit growth or margin guidance as they have always been on an ex-Venezuela basis. It is important to note that this is an accounting change only, and we will continue to operate in this market. Slide 12 shows our earnings per share guidance for 2017. Below operating profit, we see a collective impact on earnings per share that adds up to a point to currency neutral comparable growth. Specifically, interest expense is expected to be roughly flat year-on-year excluding last year's bond tender costs. We will have increased earnings contribution from acquisitions and joint ventures, and our tax rate should be higher year-on-year as we lap several 2016 benefits and shares outstanding should be down slightly, though the impact of resumed buybacks in 2017 is partially offset by curbing buybacks in the fourth quarter of 2016 when we were funding our acquisition in Brazil. This translation to currency-neutral comparable earnings per share growth of roughly 8% to 10% were $4.03 to $4.09, and note that Venezuela deconsolidation reducing our base by $0.02. To get to the comparable basis earnings per share that most of you forecast, we have to make an assumption for currency translation. As you know, we have seen significant appreciation in the U.S. dollar, particularly for us against the British pound, and this impact expanded in the fourth quarter. We believe transaction currency – or translation currency could be about $0.12 per share in 2017. This is higher than we had been anticipating previously and probably higher than you had been projecting too. After currency then comparable EPS could range from $3.91 to $3.97. And recall that we expect the acquisition of Parati in Brazil to be neutral to comparable basis earnings per share. This excludes roughly a $0.01 of integration cost, which together with the remaining integration costs from other acquisitions should be in the range of $0.01 to $0.03 per share in 2017. And, finally, a word on cash flow. We finished 2016 with a little over $1.1 billion, and we project $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion in 2017. Driving this increase should be higher net income, continued improvement on working capital and capital expenditure remaining in our targeted range of 3% to 4%. These improvements are largely offset by approximately $300 million of incremental cash for Project K driven by primarily by our exit from DSD. And, with that, I will turn it back to Paul to take you through the North American business results and outlook.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Ron. Let's start with U.S. Morning Foods on slide 13, Morning Foods recorded a slight decline in net sales in Q4 as it lapped its toughest comp of the year. Cereal sales were flat, Pop-Tarts were up, and the entire decline was related to drinks and non-core products. So, good sequential improvement in net sales even if we did get some benefit from trade inventories probably at the expense of Q1. Our cereal consumption was in line with category in Q4. For the year, the category and Kellogg were down a little more than 1%, very clearly a moderation from recent years. Lost share was flat for the quarter and for the full year, but in both time periods our Core Six brands collectively gained 20 basis points of share. Meanwhile Morning Foods leveraged Project K and ZBB deliver exceptional margin expansion in Q4, just as it had all year long. The result was double-digit growth in operating profit for the quarter and the year, a strong performance. As we look to 2017, we expect to see some trade inventory come out in Q1 but otherwise we expect another sequential improvement in sales performance in the year and another year of strong operating profit margin expansion. Let's turn to Snacks on slide 14. Snacks continued its sequential improvement, growing net sales year-on-year in Q4. Equally important was the sequential improvement we saw in consumption. Crackers gained share in Q4 led by the collective growth of the Big 3 brands, Cheez-It, Club, and Town House. Cookies saw moderating share declines on stabilizing base sales. In wholesome snacks, we gained share in Q4 on Rice Krispies and Nutri-Grain. Our Pringles consumption continued to grow picking up a bit, as we lapped some SKU continuations like fat-free. So, snacks is clearly turning the corner. In 2017, underlying sequential improvement in net sales will be masked by the negative volume pricing impact of the DSD exit. Nonetheless, snacks should record strong operating profit margin expansion as we set the platform for future growth. Let's now turn to our U.S. Specialty Channels business on slide 15. This unit has delivered six consecutive quarters of sales and profit growth. It turned in accelerated sales growth in Q4, continuing to grow in our key channels. We held or gained share in Q4 in cereal, crackers, wholesome snacks and veggie in the food service channel, and in cereal, crackers and frozen breakfast in the convenience store channel. Importantly, we continued to realize price and margin expansion, and we expect more of the same in 2017 with steady net sales growth and continued operating profit margin expansion. On slide 16 is our North America Other segment, which is comprised of U.S. Frozen Foods, Canada, and Kashi. This segment has undergone some major changes from SKU lineups to food and packaging overhauls to new pricing strategies. Q4 saw some modest sequential improvement in the top-line but substantially better profit and profit margin performance. Frozen in Q4 posted its second quarter of sequential improvement in net sales performance with Eggo growing consumption and share and Morningstar Farms beginning to stabilize its sales. Canada too recorded a second quarter of sequential improvement by growing net sales in Q4. Elasticity seemed to be stabilizing after raising prices earlier this year in order to offset adverse transactional currency. Net sales in our Kashi business continue to decline in Q4 pulled down by the soon to be renovated wholesome snacks business. But we continue to gain momentum in cereal in the natural channel and declines moderated again in traditional measured channels. North America Other's profit growth and margin expansion were driven by savings from Project K and ZBB, and we believe we are now on a path to steady improvement going forward. So while we expect to gradually stabilize net sales in this segment during 2017, we expect to expand operating profit margins meaningfully throughout the year. John will now discuss our international businesses. John?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Paul. Turning to Europe on slide 17. Europe's net sales were down 1% against its toughest comp of the year. However, we recorded strong profit margin expansion in Europe both for the quarter and for the year as Project K savings and early Zero-Based Budgeting savings flowed through the profit. From the top-line standpoint, Pringles continued to grow in the quarter finishing the year with solid mid-single digit growth and we continued to see strong growth in emerging markets in all categories: cereal, wholesome snacks and Pringles. In fact, we finished the year with double-digit internal growth in our Mediterranean Middle East business as well as in our Russian business. Our sales decline was almost solely attributable to the UK where a deflationary retail environment persists in our categories. Clearly, we have work to do in this market. In 2017, we utilized Revenue Growth Management to improve price realization in the UK. This will be accompanied by concentrating more of our investment behind our priority brands. We expect some challenges early in the year as we work through customer sell-in, but the expectation is to improve in-market results as the year goes on. Meanwhile, for the region as a whole, we will be renovating Pringles and continuing our emerging markets expansion and we expect another year of strong operating profit margin expansion behind key initiatives like Project K, Zero-Based Budgeting and Revenue Growth Management. Slide 18 summarizes our performance and outlook for Kellogg Latin America, excluding Venezuela. Latin America recorded its third straight quarter of sequential improvement in top line, yielding its best year-on-year growth of year in Q4. We generated growth in both cereal and snacks with notable growth in the Andean market and also in Mexico. Our Pringles business grew at a double-digit clip, a strong finish to a great year. Driving the sequential improvement are improving price realization as we cover the impact of adverse currency, and also focus on kid cereal brands, the expansion of affordable formats in high-frequency stores and the benefits of some distributor changes for Pringles. Latin America's operating and profit margin expanded significantly in Q4 as pricing covers more of the cost impact from adverse transactional currency as Latin America launches Zero-Based Budgeting. In 2017, we anticipate continued low-single digit net sales growth from this region and continued operating profit margin expansion. Remember, all of this excludes the impact of Parati, which we'll be integrating during 2017. Parati is our biggest ever acquisition in Latin America and it transforms our business in Brazil, tripling our scale there and shifting our Latin American portfolio toward snacks. It's a great business that is already growing. Parati grew at a double-digit rate in the fourth quarter. This is going to be an important growth driver for us in the years to come. And, finally, slide 19 discusses our Asia Pacific business. Asia Pacific net sales were up more than 1% in the fourth quarter, a little less than full year growth, owing to some short-term economic disruptions in a couple of markets including demonetization in India. Nonetheless, we posted continued sequential improvement in Australia's net sales performance. Stabilizing this developed market was a key priority this year, and we're very pleased with the progress, particularly with respect to our improved in-market performance. We recorded strong double-digit growth in Sub-Saharan Africa. Pringles continued to deliver share growth in the region and finished the year with strong mid-single-digit growth in net sales and our joint ventures in Nigeria and China both continued to grow rapidly in Q4. Given that our share of these JV sales is roughly half the size of our Asia-Pacific region, you can see that our growth will be significantly higher if they were consolidated into our results. In 2017, we expect to see continued net sales growth from Asia-Pacific, driven by Pringles and emerging markets' growth, and we expect improved operating profit margin expansion. Turning to slide 20 and our transition to a new Chief Financial Officer. As you'll recall, Ron announced his retirement several months ago in order to give us time to make a thorough search for his successor. But I can tell you that Ron never once let up on his relentless drive to put us on a path to 350 basis points of margin improvement. Ron, thank you very much for your 30 years of dedicated service to the Kellogg Company, we will all miss working with you. As we announced a few weeks ago, Fareed Khan is joining Kellogg as our next Chief Financial Officer. Many of you may know Fareed who has been the CFO of foodservice distributor, US Foods. He comes to us with an impressive varied background and a track record for being a change agent. We look forward to Fareed starting working with us in a couple of weeks. Many of you will get a chance to meet him at CAGNY. Let me wrap up with slide 21 and a few key messages we'd like to leave you with today. Regarding 2016, Q4 was strong with top line and bottom line growth and expansion of both gross margin and operating margin. For the full year, we would like to have generated more top line growth, but we are pleased with our operating profit, EPS and cash flow performance, all of which came in ahead of our expectations and guidance. While we have more to do, we made clear progress in several key markets and categories. Looking ahead to 2017, we are making major moves to continue to transform our business. This includes our announcement to exit DSD in U.S. Snacks, a difficult decision but absolutely the right thing to do for this business. Our 2017 plan and outlook puts us squarely on track to our 2018 profit margin goals, while driving strong earnings and cash flow growth. And aside from U.S. Snacks and the impact of this DSD exit, we expect to see continued improvement in our top line. We are solidly on our way to enhance competitiveness and earnings power. I'd like to close by thanking our employees for their hard work and sense of urgency to make this happen. And with that let's open the line to Q&A.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Please note, this call is being recorded Our first question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. And, Ron, best of luck. Thanks for your help over the years.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Thank you.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I just wanted to make sure I understand some of the puts and takes for guidance next year. There's a table in the press release, in this table you're guiding to minus 4% sales and an EPS $3.91 to $3.97 inclusive of your estimated currency. I know it's just an estimate. But at the bottom of the table you highlighted benefit of sales and EPS, you have 1.4% in sales and $0.08 from net acquisitions. I just want to make sure I'm understanding how that 1.4 % in sales and $0.08 in earnings flows into your $3.91 to $3.97, is it included or excluded, in other words, should we effectively add back $0.08 to that range if we want to include the impacted deals in 2017? Maybe I'm missing the obvious, but it's a bit of a unique way of presenting these figures. I just want to make sure I'm getting it the right way.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Sure, Ken, and you're probably aware these are required disclosures by the SEC where we need to walk from our comparable guidance that we provided to reported expectations, so we obviously had the impact of translational currency embedded within the sales and operating profit and earnings per share guidance. And then we show $0.08 from acquisitions and dispositions, it's important to note that that is a pre-tax number and, of course, that does not include – that's primarily Parati. That does not include the impact of reducing our share buyback program at the end of 2016 to fund that acquisition. All along we've said that Parati would be relatively neutral to earnings per share in 2017, and accretive thereafter and it's essentially on track with those expectations.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Maybe I'll follow up online afterwards just to make sure I understand. But quick follow-up for me, can you give us a sense how much your list prices will be dropping on cumulative products, or is it too early to say?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: So, as we go from DSD to warehouse, obviously the retailers are taking on activity through distribution of the products, and as we do that, we will reduce prices to the retailers to compensate them for that activity. We are not going to disclose that level of detail on this call. So it is built into our outlook but it's not something we want to get into detail on, Ken.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I guess two things; first off, John, you reaffirmed obviously your 2018 operating margin target, which embeds obviously a pretty significant jump in margin. I'm curious, given the economics of this move to warehouse in snacks, it seems like they could be pretty compelling, again, once fully implemented. I guess I'm curious why that doesn't seem to be playing into maybe a higher operating margin target going forward or at least in 2018, given some of that will flow through in 2018?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: So I think we've given in the guidance a sense of how much benefit there is long-term from the shift to warehouse and as we said, we would bring the operating margin of the Snacks division up to in line with the North American operating margin for Kellogg Company. That will happen in 2018 and 2019. So, it does not occur in 2018. When we gave the guidance of 350 basis points of margin expansion operating margin, we had a path to get there. We had a number of areas that we wanted to investigate as we go along that path. This is one of those areas, we did lot of work before we ended on this conclusion, but it was somewhat taken into account in our thinking as we set that goal before. That doesn't mean that we can't do better than 350 basis points in 2018, but I'd say that at this stage we'd say that's part of the guidance for 2018 and we hope to continue to expand margin as we go into 2019 and beyond.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's helpful. I appreciate that. And then just a quick one, I think Paul mentioned that you will still have a very significant presence, obviously, in-store in terms of feet on the street with respect to those that are already doing some of that work for your cereal business and things of that nature. I guess, I'd always been under the impression that certain snacking categories, maybe biscuits, with different sort of velocity off the shelf metrics and obviously the end of – all the display space and things, the impulse nature of it sort of required a somewhat greater effort right around sort of in-store. I guess, are you seeing that that's not necessarily the case anymore at this point where your folks that are in-store for cereal and other things can put that extra effort in and around the category like cookies and crackers? Thanks so much.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Andrew, it's Paul here. Yes, you're right. We will still have a significant retail sales force dedicated to snacks. We also have one dedicated to Morning Foods here. And if you look at the data, what we see is our warehouse categories have very strong presence in stores when you look at feature and display data, when you look at quality merch data, we support the fact that our warehouse businesses get great display and our feet on the street enable us to drive that performance in store at all times. We also see through our warehouse-delivered businesses, better service levels and better in-stock levels and I think that's where we also see a benefit.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Dave Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you. I'd like to ask Paul, can you just walk us through the pitch to the retailers on the DSD change? You kind of put a little teaser in your comments that the margin to the retail is better. So can you frame that up a little bit more detailed, because I think this might go a long way to even people's concerns about such a big change. When the retailer sees this move, is this really a very positive thing from their perspective because they make more money on the biscuits from Keebler and can you just maybe walk us through some of the math on how the retailers look at it?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: That's an interesting question, Dave. I'm not going to go into a lot of detail around all those conversations. Suffice to say that this is a major strategic move where, as John said, our retail partners will now take on the work of taking out products from their warehouses through their systems to their shelves, and we will compensate obviously what we used to do. Now, that will go towards the retailer, so we want to make sure that our retailers have everything they need to be able to run the business better. I think when you get to the story with our retailers, who by the way, we spoke to a large percentage of our sales so far, they're aligned, they've agreed this is the right strategic move. The real benefits come from a push to a pull. So they love the fact we're investing more in our brands. The fact that we can leverage our systems and our customers' systems and our customer replenishment systems have come a long way in the last 10 years. We can drive better service and higher in-stocks, which for us and them is improved performance in real terms in terms of sales. And then as we serve on one platform going forward, everything we make comes out of one platform, a warehouse distributed platform, the shared efficiencies down the road because a dollar's a dollar at the end of the day. If we can take miles of transportation out and become more efficient with our retailers that's significant joint value creation benefits, and then you get the scale benefits of a one Kellogg company on one platform and what we can do to drive impact to the center of store. But that's the fundamentals of the discussion we've been having with our retailers.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: So maybe just...
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And one...
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Sorry, Dave. If I could just add just some proof-points behind the DSD transition here. As you say, we had good support from retailers to do this. Now, retailers have pushed over the years why this category needed to be in DSD. It's not a high-spoilage category. It's not date code sensitive. So it is a system that can go through warehouse and, in general, cookies and crackers around the world actually in developed markets deliver to warehouse systems. Today 40% of our sales in the U.S. for Snacks already goes through the warehouse system. And where it does, we have higher growth, higher share, better margins, and better service to our customers. We have a world-class warehouse system in the U.S. As Paul said, we have feet on the street. The merchandising conditions in cereal are as good as we get in snacks – in cookies and crackers. So we can demonstrate it through a merchandising system that – through a warehouse system we can get good merchandising in this area. And then, as Paul said, we're investing back into brands to drive pull systems, to drive both businesses going forward, our retail partners' business and ours. So there is a lot of support for this and we believe it's absolutely the right move.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: We really appreciate those comments. One follow-up on U.S. Cereal, and I missed it in the comments if you said it. But do you expect U.S. Cereal to produce revenue growth in 2017?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: David, my outlook for the category is to be flat to probably down 1% in 2017, which I think is a slight improvement on the stabilization we've seen in the past two years. And we hope to be driving that.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for the question and, Ron, best of luck. Just two questions. First, I wanted to follow-up on the inflation commentary. I guess, I was a little surprised, not completely, but given the inflation outlook in energy and wages and a few commodities like rice and sugar that you're expecting modest net deflation for 2017. So if you could just elaborate on what's driving the decline there, how you're hedged, and how you see inflation sort of trending sequentially through the year?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Sure, Matt. So as we said, we expect gross margin to expand in 2017, and that does include some headwind from the price reductions we'll take in the U.S. Snacks business. And as you alluded to, we are seeing some deflation on materials overall, so net deflationary environment. We've got the strong productivity from both Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting flowing through to our margin performance, and also all the actions we're taking from a Revenue Growth Management standpoint. But remember in 2016 and then as well in 2017 we're continuing to invest in our food through both renovations of our food and innovation in our food. We're also seeing some transactional currency exposure, not to the extent that we saw in 2016, but it is still a headwind for us, particularly in the European market with the devaluation of the sterling. And then there is some other general inflation that we're seeing within our business in wages and logistics costs. I think you mentioned some of those things, energies as well. And then we've got a little bit of negative country mix flowing through, particularly as our emerging markets grow faster. But put all that together and we do expect to expand our gross margins as we move through 2017. And in terms of how it's going to roll through 2017, there is no one quarter that is significantly different than the other in terms of gross margin performance, I should say. And, Matt, at this point in time, we're about 75% covered on our materials, which is pretty comparative to where we've been in prior years.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thanks for all that. And just one follow-up on the sales guidance. So you talked about an expectation for the business, excluding the DSD transition to be flat to down 1% and in line with categories. I'm just curious, sort of holistically, how that category trend if we're sort of looking at that zero to minus 1% compares to what you saw in 2016 and given some of the weakness we've seen in scanner data, which may or may not be a perfect read for what's going on in the market as a whole. How sensitive are your margin and EPS assumptions to potential shortfalls in overall category consumption trends?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Yeah. So as you alluded to, we said overall down 2% in sales, with a little bit more than 1 point coming from the exit of DSD, and we did say flat to down 1% on the rest of our business. That'd be a little bit better. So we're showing improvement as we move into 2017 versus 2016 expectations. Of course, we've taken into consideration any volatility we may see in our top line. We believe we have sufficient financial flexibility to achieve our guidance goals.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: If you look across 2016 across our major categories. We basically weighted average those categories. It was essentially flat on a global basis. If you look at P1, I think many of you've commented on the weak scanner data coming out in the U.S. in general across a number of categories. If you look at within period one, the first week was obviously impacted by the timing of some holidays year on year. And if you look at our business, we actually strengthened as we went through the period. So obviously not the sort of scanner data you want to see to begin the year, but there are some reasons for that and we do expect the business to continue to strengthen as we go through the year.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thanks, again.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. So couple of questions. This improvement or expected improvement in the margins on the U.S. Snacks business, I think the comments in the release suggested an 850 basis-point improvement in U.S. Snacks. Is that almost entirely due to the exit of the DSD system? And I appreciate that that's only on part of the business. So does that mean that the margin improvement or the cost associated with that DSD model were even higher? And then I guess the question is you talked about that also including a reinvestment back in the business. How much is that reinvestment in that U.S. Snacks or more broadly across the company? Where is it going to be focused? Is it going to be more ad spend, promotional activity, sales people, innovation? Could you just give us an idea there? Thank you.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: So just to clarify in terms of the guidance. What we said is the margin in the U.S. Snacks segment is going to come up in line with North American average. I think that number is closer to 400-plus basis points. So I'm not sure what numbers you're looking at there, Alexia. That's a net impact. So obviously there's a lot of moving pieces in there. There's a shift of activity out of SG&A into a price reduction to retail to reflect the transfer of activity. Retail is now picking up and there's also investment into a stronger pull model. And, Paul, maybe you'd like to talk a little bit about some of the pull model ideas that we have there in terms of where we're going to reinvest in the marketing area.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Hi Alexia. When you mentioned several areas of reinvestment, it is all of the above, and I think it's driven by how the shopper shops in more channels, but also how the shopper shops when it comes to click and collect in our mainstream retail channel. We need to get more of our resources, especially behind big brands like Cheez-It, Pringles, Rice Krispies Treats, which have really differentiated offerings. We need to get more investment behind those brands to go meet the consumer and the shopper how they're shopping. And spend less of that money, if you like, in a distribution system, and move more of that money to pull quite frankly in those brands, when you look at their incrementality, their profitability, there is a lot of growth to be had that we can't get at today, because of the focus of our resource, quite frankly. So it is all of the above, including new package formats, more investment in food, more advertising, more shopper marketing. That's where we're leaning.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. And...
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: So let me clarify there (49:55), it would be more brand building driven as opposed to promotional, the word you used, not trade spend but more of a pull perspective.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much I'll pass it on. And great working with you, Ron.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Thank you. You too.
Operator: The next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. I'm just wondering with regard to the move to warehouse in snacks, how are you thinking about the competitive and customer reaction to this? I mean, ultimately how varied are your scenarios for merchandising activity, out of stocks and sales, particularly given the fact that your competitors are still in the old way or many of them are in DSD? And I have a follow-up?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: So we can't comment on what our competitors will do. This is the right decision for us. And it's the right decision for us, again, because 40% of our sales today are already through warehouse. We're seeing better share, better growth, better service to our customers in that warehouse system. We also have a world-class warehouse system here in the U.S., which is very capable and very good at servicing high merchandising categories like cereal and Pop-Tarts. So we believe that we are well positioned to make this transition, and this transition is not dependent upon what our competitors do. It's the right thing for us to do.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: And on the customers side, the customers – I spoke to a lot of customers, David, and they are aligned and in agreement that it is the right strategic move. If you talked to customers you know how much their retail environments are changing. There is a seismic shift in how they have to move to meet shopper needs and how they're working hard in their replenishment systems. Quite frankly, this felt exactly like the right time for our business to make a big strategic move like this. Yes, there will be disruption. Yes, there will be competitive action, but I think this is exactly the right thing for us to do with a forward-looking lens on how the shopper shops and our how our customers are changing to meet shopper needs.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: The other thing that I wanted to follow up on is that DSD is often looked at as a 15 percentage point to 20 percentage point margin spend and your Snack business is about a third of sales. And I think that's what's driving the curiosity that the 350 basis point margin improvement that's baked in your guidance through 2018 now looks very conservative. So is it right for us to think that your most conservative side of your scenario analysis represents that guidance now with this change or how should we think about that?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: There's, obviously, a margin benefit to the company of moving from DSD to warehouse, but, remember, we had to invest back into a stronger pool model into the marketing element. We still have to invest in the warehouse model. So while there's some percentage of sales of DSD there's also a percentage of sales required to support the warehouse model. So there's a number of moving pieces here. We think the guidance we've given on the margin improvement in snacks is appropriate and gives you the right ballpark of where we'll end up.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning. Thank you.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Good morning.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: You mentioned the deflationary pricing environment in the UK but obviously you also have some transactional currency headwinds there. Can you just talk on, maybe, how you might offset some of those, and what the pacing of that looks like, and maybe some sense of the magnitude?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: So, yeah, we did talk about the deflationary environment to the UK and I mentioned earlier that we're seeing some transactional currency exposure, particularly because we import Pringles into the UK from the Eurozone. We've also talked about Revenue Growth Management across the globe and specifically in Europe we're taking some actions around Revenue Growth Management to manage our profit and loss performance. And you may recall within the prepared remarks, I mentioned something about the Q1 maybe a little bit slower start as a result of elasticity in Europe and we're referring specifically there to potential price elasticity as we work with retailers on pricing actions we're working through the marketplace.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: And the $0.12 currency impact you gave, that's just translational. Can you give any sense of what the transactional piece might look like?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, I mentioned earlier the transactional piece is certainly lower than what we saw in 2016. In 2016, I think I quantified it as about 50 basis points of sales. So somewhere between 0 basis points and 50 basis points is what we're looking at in 2017. And, yes, the $0.12 is specifically translational currency impact in 2017.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just a follow-up on the DSD transition, if it's the list prices that are changing, I know you talked about a 2Q and 3Q transition, but would that be rolling or do those come all at once? Any sense of just when we should expect that in our models?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: It will occur through the second quarter and the third quarter. So, as we go through this transition, not every customer is transitioning at once. We're working with each individual customer based upon their readiness for the transition to enable them to have the transition as effective and efficient as possible. So across the second and third quarters these transitions will occur, and you'll see more of a run rate happening in Q4.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Good morning, Chris.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Good morning.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Ron, I wish you all the best as well. And I just have two quick questions. The first one will be, as you think about the cost savings coming through in 2017 from project – maybe if we could put the DSD exit aside, but just ZBB and Project K type cost savings have you quantified or can you quantify what we should expect in 2017?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Yeah. So let me tell you how to think about those, Chris. First of all in 2017, we have our normal strong base productivity savings coming through our profit and loss statement. We've discussed those over the years. We also have Project K. Remember, we've extended that program now through 2019. The original run-rate savings were $425 million to $475 million. New range is $600 million to $700 million. Through 2016 we've saved approximately $300 million cumulatively. So low end to high end of the new range, we've got $300 million to $400 million that will come over the next three years, 2017 through 2019. On Zero-Based Budgeting, we originally communicated a target savings range of $450 million to $500 million from 2016 to 2018. We are still on track to deliver against that macro-savings expectations. For 2016, we said we would deliver in the range of $150 million to $180 million. We actually delivered a little bit more than $180 million. So we have very strong savings visibility over the next several years coming from Zero-Based Budgeting. The combination of these items gives us good cost-savings visibility and confidence in hitting that 18% margin goal along with the other things we've talked about today by 2018.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for that color there. And just a quick follow-up on the revenue-management actions, we've heard that associated with the U.S. and I know I've heard it with Europe on the call today. I'm just trying to understand kind of where you stand in that implementation and then should this flow through in terms of its benefit to the P&L in mix, better revenue growth, if you will. I wonder if you could help understand the magnitude of that if possible.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: So, Revenue Growth Management covers a number of areas. It covers both more effective trade spend but also pack-price architecture, brand mix, et cetera. And we started the implementation in 2016. Across 2016 you can see the improvement in price mix. It was negative in the front half. It was more stable in the back half. In 2017, we do expect positive price mix at a consolidated level, despite the adverse impact of the DSD transition from DSD to warehouse. So still on a consolidated basis, we still expect positive price mix. As I said, it's a combination of four or five different variables. It's not just one item that's going to drive that improvement.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thank you.
John Renwick - Kellogg Company: Operator, I think we have time for one last call – one last question, rather.
Operator: The last question will come from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thanks for the question and Ron, best wishes to you. In prior calls you've talked about Special K and kind of the drag that's had on your mix internally. Can you talk about what your expectations are for 2017 and maybe, are you past the headwinds that you have been facing from a mix standpoint on that?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Hey, Rob, it's Paul. I think you're probably talking more about the wholesome business in the...
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yes?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: ... more recent past. Yeah. If we look at our wholesome business, as I said, Rice Krispies Treat is doing great. Nutri-Grain is doing well. Those two parts of the business are doing fine. K was still a drag through last year. As we come into the beginning of this year, we've renovated even more of our food. Where we have renovated so far, we've seen better performance. But we do have some legacy foods that are part of our wholesome snack platform that is still going to be there. But we have new Protein Bites and Protein Bars coming here in January. I think there's eight different items. And we're back on air in February, or at least digitally, talking to consumers again around the Special K brand from a wholesome point of view. So the whole restage is continuing. We're bringing more new food to life. And our aspiration this year is we can go from being down double digits to down low-single digits to flat on Special K as we reinvest in the brand for food and advertising.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Did you say the aspiration is to be down low-single digit to flat on Special K.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: On Special K wholesome snacks is to, yes, significantly cut the decline this year as we go forward. It will be down double-digit last year, if you look at the Nielsen data. And, yeah, our aspiration will be somewhere less than 5% this year and flat if we're good.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to John Renwick for any closing remarks
John Renwick - Kellogg Company: Thanks, everyone, and please don't hesitate to call 269-961-9050. I'll be around all day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Renwick - Kellogg Co. John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co. Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co. Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co. Chris Hood - Kellogg Co. Maria Fernanda Mejia - Kellogg Co. Amit Banati - Kellogg Co.
Analysts: Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Please limit yourself to one question during the Q&A session. Please note this event is being recorded. Thank you. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John Renwick - Kellogg Co.: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our third quarter 2016 results. As usual, I'm joined by John Bryant, Chairman and CEO, who will give you an overview of our business results and priorities; and Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer, who will walk you through our financial results and outlook. We're trying something a little new today. We're joined on the phone and in the room by the heads of each of our four regions: Paul Norman, of Kellogg North America; Chris Hood, of Kellogg Europe; Maria Fernanda Mejia of Kellogg Latin America; and Amit Banati of Kellogg Asia Pacific. After John gives some overview comments and Ron runs you through our financials, each of these presidents will walk you through the results, priorities and outlooks for his or her respective businesses one year after our Day at K investor event. We wanted to give you a chance to hear directly from these executives, hence the additional 30 minutes to our call this morning. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.KelloggCompany.com. Slide number 3 shows our usual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, up-front costs, investments and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Tuesday, November 8. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And now, I'll turn it over to John and slide number 4.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. I'm happy to report Q3 profit and earnings that came in ahead of our expectations. A lower tax rate was part of this over-delivery, but so was broad-based profit margin expansion that exceeded our expectations. Candidly, top-line growth did not come in as we had hoped, and there were specific factors behind that, which we will discuss in a moment. But we do see growth and sequential improvement in many parts of our business. Behind the numbers, there is great progress being made, not only against our strategy as represented by our 2020 Growth Plan, but also against the key business priorities we laid out for you one year ago at our Day at K investor event. These efforts should continue to yield sequential improvement in our results. We saw it in Q3. And we'll see it again in Q4, finishing the year largely as we originally expected in operating profit, albeit driven more by margin expansion and less by net sales growth. And this improvement will continue into 2017 as we continue to believe we have the right plans to bring sales at least to flat, and enough productivity initiatives to drive us well on our way to a 350 basis point improvement goal we have set for 2015 to 2018 on a currency-neutral comparable basis, excluding Venezuela. Today, Ron, the region presidents and I will take you through our results, progress and outlook, and we use as a basis for measurement the priorities we shared with you back at Day at K. I'll start by reminding you of the 2020 Growth Plan, which we unveiled to you at last November's Day at K investor event and which is shown on slide 5. There are two important points to make here. First, that this Growth Plan is informing our investment decisions and our 2016 priorities were all geared toward delivering on this strategy. As we discuss our progress against our 2016 priorities, we are really discussing our progress against this 2020 Growth Plan. The second point is that our acceleration of profit margin expansion is by no means a change in strategy. OP margin expansion has always sat front-and-center of our 2020 Growth Plan. And there's more to this profit margin expansion than simply executing initiatives. A couple of months ago, we told you about how we are refreshing our Volume to Value operating model for today's environment. Volume to Value is being embraced and measured throughout the organization. This should give you another reason to believe in our 2018 margin expansion target. So with that as a backdrop, let's walk through our progress against our strategy. On slide 6, we recount the 2016 priorities we shared with you at Day at K one year ago. Clearly, there is tangible progress being made. We set out to stabilize our four largest cereal markets: U.S., Canada, Australia and the UK. We have invested in food, repositioned Special K, focused our marketing resources behind highest ROI brands and activities. And we have made substantial progress in all but the UK, which is a work in progress. Expanding Pringles worldwide has been a priority for this year. And in Q3, we continue to see good growth in that brand. Emerging markets have been dramatically scaled up through acquisitions and joint ventures, and we are growing organically in these emerging markets as well. Enhancing our sales capabilities was another priority, and we've rolled Revenue Growth Management disciplines, processes and tools around the world. We said this was necessary for price realization and we've seen that price realization go from being down slightly in the first half to being flat in Q3, with an expectation of slightly positive price realization in Q4. Also, regarding sales capabilities, we just announced our biggest-ever acquisition in Latin America, which will not only give us much needed scale in Brazil but also gives us the ability to leverage a very strong reach into high-frequency stores. Increasing earnings visibility through big productivity and savings initiatives has been a key priority for us this year. And it's already showing up in our results, with Q3 recording yet another year-on-year gain in OP margin. We're delivering on our productivity initiatives. We're shifting our brand-building to higher RIO brands and investments and we're starting to turn around our price realization. So good progress is being made, even if our top-line has not yet reflected it. With that, let me turn it over to Ron, who will take you through our financial results, progress and outlook.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John, and good morning, all. Slide number 7 shows highlights of the financial results for the third quarter. In describing our results and outlook, we will be referring to them on a currency-neutral comparable basis unless otherwise noted. And in many cases, we'll also give you the same metrics, excluding Venezuela. The appendices to our presentation provide you with the detail on our GAAP and non-GAAP performance. Third quarter net sales decreased modestly and came in short of our expectations, but our operating profit increased, driven by savings from Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting as well as by price increases in Venezuela. This exceeded our expectations and we generated this solid profit growth and margin expansion across all of our regions, making good progress toward our 2018 operating margin expansion goal. Earnings per share exceeded our expectations, not only because of profit margin expansion but also due to a lower effective tax rate. This performance included $0.04 of currency headwind or about 4 to 5 percentage points of EPS growth impact. Now, let's turn to slide 8 and the components of the third quarter sales. Our currency-neutral comparable net sales declined in the third quarter. And this included unexpected trade inventory decreases in U.S. cereal and Pop-Tarts, continued softness in UK cereal and a more prolonged transition on shelf for our overall Kasha and Morning Star Farms portfolios. The good news is we saw growth in several businesses, including U.S. Snacks, U.S. Specialty Channels, Asia Pacific and Latin America, both with and without Venezuela. And we continue to post good growth in Pringles across the globe. Slide 9 shows our currency-neutral comparable gross profit margin for the quarter. Excluding Venezuela, our gross profit margin was off 60 basis points in the quarter and a bit less for the year-to-date period. Our productivity, Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting initiatives all delivered savings as planned in the quarter. This was most evident in North America, where our gross profit margin improved year-on-year, even despite investment in food, adverse transactional foreign currency impact in Canada and adverse mix in Snacks, driven by softness in our Wholesome Snacks business. Offsetting this strong North America performance were gross margin declines in our international businesses. These declines were primarily driven by adverse transactional foreign currency impact on dollar-based commodities and other inputs as well as a deflationary retail environment in Europe. But they also reflected adverse country and category mix. Project K, Zero-Based Budgeting, and the roll-out of Revenue Growth Management are designed to address our gross profit margin performance going forward. Slide 10 shows the currency-neutral comparable operating margin, excluding Venezuela, for the quarter. And on that basis, operating margin increased by nearly a full percentage point in the third quarter. And by Zero-Based Budgeting and Project K efforts, we generated substantial efficiencies in our SG&A expenses. It's important to note that Q3's margin expansion was broad-based with operating margin up year-on-year in all four of our regions. Slide 11 shows our cash flow. Our year-to-date cash flow through the third quarter was more than 10% higher than that of the year-ago period, and recall that our first quarter cash flow included the impact of a bond tender offer, which lowered cash flow by $97 million after tax. Importantly, we continued to improve our core working capital as a percent of sales, both sequentially and year-on-year. We're still on track to deliver our targeted $1.1 billion of full-year operating cash flow after capital spending. And full-year capital spending should come in at the low end of our previous guidance range of $525 million to $625 million, reflecting greater efficiency and prioritization of projects. Slide 12 shows how we expect to end the year, again, on a currency-neutral comparable basis, so that we can move volatility from currency translation and mark-to-market adjustments. We expect sequential improvement in our ex-Venezuela net sales performance in the fourth quarter. The current trends have led us to adjust our outlook, so instead of finishing flat on sales for the year, as was our previous guidance, we now believe sales will be a little less than that, probably down about 1%. Our operating profit guidance remains unchanged at the high end of the 4% to 6% growth range, excluding Venezuela, thanks to our productivity efforts and our savings performance. We should see our operating margin exceed 15% in 2016, putting us well on the path toward our goal of increasing our margin by 350 basis points between 2015 and 2018. On earnings per share, we are raising our guidance both on a comparable and currency-neutral comparable basis. This reflects the tax rate favorability we recorded in the third quarter, which should more than offset any increase in our average shares outstanding as we curb share report repurchases in the fourth quarter to fund our acquisition in Brazil. A couple of words on the financial impact of the Parati acquisition, which we expect to close later this year; net, the acquisition is neutral to our comparable basis earnings per share in 2016, even after the effect of curbing share buybacks in the quarter in order to maintain current debt levels. Integration costs were expected to amount to roughly $0.01 per share in 2016, but this merely puts us at the top end of our previously-announced range of $0.02 to $0.03 for the company this year. Slide 13 shows some additional elements of our 2016 guidance. And I'll just highlight where there have been changes. First, the currency impact is roughly $0.01 better than previous guidance based on current rates. Our comparable tax rate will now be approximately 25%, reflecting favorability primarily from the adoption of the new standard on accounting for stock-based compensation at the beginning of the year. Share buybacks should be approximately $450 million to $550 million. And, as I mentioned, we're curbing repurchases, for the time being, to fund the acquisition we are making in Brazil. And full-year integration costs are now anticipated to be at the high end of our previous estimate of $0.02 to $0.03, net of tax. And this now does incorporate the roughly $0.01 of closing and integration costs for the Brazil acquisition. Slide 14 offers a preliminary view of 2017. As we shared with you previously, we are forecasting net sales to be approximately flat in 2017. In effect, this consists of lower volume, offset by higher price mix performance as we employ Revenue Growth Management initiatives and adhere to our Volume to Value principles. This flat outlook is prudent, in our view, even as we strive to do better than flat. Our operating profit should increase at a high single-digit rate in 2017 as our operating margin expansion makes up about half of the remaining basis points of our 350 basis-point challenge through 2018. As discussed previously, the key drivers of the expansion will be the following: our ongoing 3% to 4% productivity designed to mitigate input cost inflation; Revenue Growth Management to improve our price mix contribution; Project K savings; and Zero-Based Budgeting efficiencies. We believe these initiatives give us good visibility into our margin expansion in 2017 and beyond. Slide 15 shows our 350 basis point profit margin expansion target through 2018 and shows how this shapes up across our four regions. This is essentially an update of a chart we showed at Day at K last year on the accelerated forward to 2018 from previously 2020. As you can see, we are taking a prudent view towards net sales growth, particularly in the more-developed North America and Europe regions. We believe this is the right way to forecast net sales growth, particularly in the current environment, but we aspire to do better than this. Our operating profit margin expansion skews heavily towards North America and Europe. These are our bigger businesses with strong productivity savings opportunities. In Latin America and Asia Pacific, we will be pursuing similar initiatives, but the impact isn't quite as large as we are still in early stages of scaling up emerging markets in these regions. Before I pass the call over to the regions, let's briefly take a look at slide 16. This is a recap versus what we shared with you at Day at K focusing on our financial goals. Simply put, in 2016, we're delivering on everything we said we would, with the exception of net sales growth. We are on track to come in at the high end of our operating profit goal and exceeding our goal on currency-neutral comparable earnings per share. We have accelerated our target for operating margin expansion, expecting to reach it two years earlier. We're delivering on our productivity and Project K savings and have expanded our Zero-Based Budgeting program. And we've made acquisitions that perfectly fit our strategic imperatives by being fiscally proven and continuing to deliver strong cash flow to maintain our financial flexibility. So we've made good progress towards our financial goals. We're now going to turn it over to each of our region presidents, who will give you a closer look at the results, priorities and outlooks for their respective businesses. We'll start with Paul Norman, our President of North America.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Ron. Good morning, everyone. No question that 2016 has been a busy year for us here in North America. Admittedly, the results have been a bit mixed, with top line not recovering as quickly as I had hoped, but profit margin expansion exceeding our expectations. There's been a lot more progress than our top line would suggest. If we turn to slide 18, we can see the priorities we set out for ourselves for 2016 and shared with you one year ago at the Day at K investor event. Stabilizing our Cereal business was our priority. While the category has held at a 1% rate of decline, this is significantly better than in recent years. We have invested in food. We have prioritized investment behind our core brands. And we've gained share as a result. And we're particularly pleased with how we stabilized Special K. We also said we have to revitalize our Snacks business. The consumption data shows that our efforts to prioritize investment behind our most important and on-trend brands are working. We're growing our big three cracker brands. We're growing Pringles. And we're growing Rice Krispies Treats. And across our portfolio, consumption is up double-digit in on-the-go offerings. Frozen and Kashi are still works in progress. Much of the heavy lifting has been done, with packaging overhauls now largely behind us in Frozen, and Kashi's transformation of its portfolio already contributing to stabilization in Cereal. We have plans to stabilize our other Kashi categories, too. Fuel for Growth refers to all the things we're doing to improve our profit margins; from executing our Project K network restructuring and shared services model, to delivering on Zero-Based Budgeting. We are generating fuel for growth, and you can see it in our increased profit margins this year. We've also launched a more comprehensive approach to Revenue Growth Management, which is already showing positive signs. So, with that as a backdrop, let's discuss each of our North America segments in turn, starting with our 2016 results and then looking ahead to 2017. We'll start with Morning Foods on slide number 19. Morning Foods posted another quarter of solid operating profit growth, with improvements in our margins coming from our productivity efforts under ZBB and Project K. Top line came in a little lighter than we had expected, and this was due to an unexpected reduction in trade inventories. Our cereal consumption was down about 1% and in line with our year-to-date trend. And our Pop-Tarts consumption was actually up about 1%. So shipments clearly lagged consumption in the quarter. Our underlying progress is clear. We gained 20 basis points of share in Cereal and 50 basis points of share in toaster pastries. Our core six Cereal brands continue to benefit from focused investment, leading our share gain. Year-to-date, Kellogg has most of the highest velocity 2016 innovations in ready-to-eat cereal, maintaining innovation share leadership, led by Special K Nourish, S'Mores and our Finding Dory-licensed cereal. We executed well during the back-to-school period, which coincided with our Olympics activation. This year's Olympics program generated over 1.8 billion impressions at 30% less cost than our prior Summer Olympics programs. This was driven by a greater focus on social activation. And it demonstrates our new marketing model at work. So we continue to improve the underlying fundamentals on our business. As we look to Q4, we expect to see Morning Foods sales down slightly again, but down less than we saw in Q3. And we expect to see continued margin expansion, resulting in strong operating profit growth. Slide 20 offers a few thoughts on 2017 for Morning Foods. We will look to build momentum, expecting to see sequential improvement in top line and another year of strong profit margin expansion. Our plan to achieve this revolves around the four ingredients Craig Bahner outlined a year ago: firstly, ensuring we have food that rocks through great innovation and value-adding renovation against our second priority; brands that matter, namely our core six Cereal brands and Pop-Tarts; thirdly, we will continue to drive excitement through events and properties that drive category engagement and fun in store. Helping this will be the recent completion of a further expansion of our sales force, adding more feet to the street. Fourth and finally, we will continue to expand margins through Project K, ZBB discipline, Revenue Growth Management and a higher return on investment on every marketing dollar we invest. This should keep us on the path towards the 2018 goals that Ron shared a moment ago. If I were to highlight a couple of examples of initiatives coming early in 2017 on Cereal, I would point to some exciting innovations behind Frosted Flakes and Raisin Bran Crunch as well as a core food improvement initiative on one of our biggest brands, Mini-Wheats. We'll also place continuing focus on driving Special K through the expansion of the Nourish franchise and the renovation of Vanilla-Almond. On Pop-Tarts, following the success of A&W Root Beer and Orange Crush flavors, we have two new great Dunkin' Donuts-inspired flavors launching in Q1. Let's now turn to Snacks on Slide 21. We saw strong progress in Snacks in the quarter. We continue to realize strong profit margin expansion, thanks to Project K and ZBB. We had planned to stabilize sales and we did just that. We saw good growth in Q3 by almost all of our focused brands. Let's start with Crackers, where our big three cracker brands, Cheez-It, Club, and Town House continued to collectively grow sales and gain share in the quarter. Pringles also grew consumption in the quarter. Rice Krispies Treats continued to grow sales and share and Nutri-Grain also picked up share. Single-serve, a key element to our Snacks growth strategy, posted double-digit consumption gains in cookies and cracker caddy packs as well as in Pringles Snack Stacks. Legacy weight management offerings, particularly our Special K bars and Cracker Chips, remained a drag in the quarter, just as we said they would be as we go into more aggressive portfolio actions in early 2017. But even with this drag, the Snacks segment saw good sequential improvement in net sales. So Snacks is starting to turn the corner for us. In Q4, we expect to see sequential improvement again in net sales to slight growth. With continued Project K and ZBB efforts as well as the work we're doing on Revenue Growth Management, we expect to generate margin expansion and strong operating profit growth, too. Turning to 2017 on slide 22, for Snacks, our goal next year is to return to top line growth while further improving our margins. Deanie Elsner and her team will continue to drive the agenda they began this year, focusing behind our core brands like Cheez-It, Pringles and Rice Krispies Treats. And they will continue to do this through a combination of more impactful brand-building, innovation and renovation of food and packaging, in-store excitement and small formats to drive consumption in new occasions through expanded distribution. Initiatives of note coming early next year are new flavors of Cheez-It Duoz and Cheez-It Sandwich Crackers, as well as the launch of a new line of variants under Pringles called LOUD. We will also continue to expand single-serve caddy packs and small format offerings, which we know are highly incremental. Our other significant goal next year is to stabilize Wholesome Snacks. In the first quarter, we will be executing a comprehensive restage of Special K bars behind new food, packaging and communication, and bringing significant renovation and innovation to Nutri-Grain also. Revenue Growth Management will be a key element for us in Snacks. We kicked it off with the Cheez-It brand in late 2015 and are still in the process of expanding it across our whole product line. These efforts, along with continued savings from Project K and ZBB, should boost our Snacks margins again in 2017, keeping us well on pace for our 2018 margin goals. Now, let's turn to our U.S. Specialty Channels business on slide 23. This is a critical business for us when it comes to our strategic priority of winning where the shopper shops. And I'm happy to report that this segment continues to turn in steady growth in sales, margins and operating profit. In Q3, we once again delivered growth in all three of our core channels: foodservice, vending and convenience. We held or gained share in four of seven categories in foodservice, in three of five in vending, and in five of seven in convenience. This impressive performance was driven by increased distribution, effective promotions around the Olympics, Pringles Summer Jam and a limited-time offering on Pop-Tarts as well as strong innovation performance in K-12, including items like Whole-Grain Rice Krispies Treats and Cheez-Its. Meanwhile, Revenue Growth Management and ZBB continue to improve our profit margins in this important business. And we expect more of the same in Q4, with a strong finish to the year across all channels. Slide 24 shows some of our expectations for 2017. For Specialty in 2017, Wendy Davidson and her team expect continued top and bottom-line momentum across our channels. We plan to take advantage of category growth trends and to further leverage new food and packaging formats to drive brand ubiquity and reach across our core channels. We'll leverage emerging channels to test and learn, just as we've been doing this year with Bear Naked custom granola in direct-to-consumer and in partnered innovation with restaurant chains. We'll also continue to generate margin expansion through Revenue Growth Management and ZBB, with K&A's 2018 profit margin goal squarely in our sights. So we expect another good performance from Specialty in 2017. Lastly, we'll discuss our North America Other segment, which is comprised of U.S. Frozen Foods, Canada, and Kashi and is shown on slide 25. In truth, I'm disappointed with the results of this segment in the third quarter. Canadian results were as we had expected. We experienced adverse volume impact in reaction to our increased list prices and feature prices. These pricing actions were necessary to help offset higher input costs due to significant transactional foreign exchange pressure. The rest of North America, however, is undergoing big transformations in food, packaging and SKU lineups. We thought these transitions would be fully behind us by Q3, but they are taking longer than we had expected. In Frozen, we recorded good profit margin expansion, but disappointed on the top line. Eggo posted sales growth with particular success in the quarter behind the Disney licensed products, but this was more than offset by the impact of distribution lost on Morningstar Farms as we transitioned over the past few quarters to new packaging. At Kashi, we're encouraged by the stabilization we've seen in cereal share in measured channels as well as a plus 5% growth in the natural channel. It means our substantial innovation and renovation efforts are starting to take hold and we really haven't turned on broad scale consumer communication yet. So Cereal is on its way, even if it is still down year-on-year. However, Wholesome Snacks is proving to be a much bigger drag on sales than we had anticipated. Consumption has declined sharply as distribution losses have continued; proactive renovation and innovation interventions coming in 2017. Let's look ahead to 2017 on slide 26. For the North America Other segment, we expect improved sales and profit growth as the Kashi, Frozen and Canadian teams reap the rewards of their work to reset in 2016. Overall, we expect to see top-line growth in this North America Other segment. Meanwhile, RGM and ZBB, as well as lapping some heavy investment in food, should lift profit margins strongly. This will get us back on track towards our 2018 margin goals. Our Kashi cereal portfolio is poised to return to growth, as distribution has stabilized and our innovation pipeline is strong. The recently launched Dark Cocoa Karma Wheat Biscuit Cereal is going very well. And we have an excellent new GoLean variant coming in January. Acceptance so far from our customers has been strong. Our largest challenge in 2017 on Kashi will continue to be Wholesome Snacks. We have renovation and innovation coming early in the year, which will significantly change the trend we have been experiencing. However, I doubt we will get the Wholesome Snacks part of this business back to growth on the full year. In Frozen Foods, our focus is on driving core Eggo with new, taste-oriented communication breaking in January as well as significant renovation with the removal of artificials from all of our waffles in the first quarter. On Morningstar Farms, we are focused on reactivating communication now that the packaging is on-shelf and we have significant innovation building in the first half of the year. Finally, in Canada, we will be lapping our pricing interventions from this year and, as foreign exchange issues moderate, we expect to see a stabilization of sales and a return to margin expansion. So in summary, there's been a ton of work behind the scenes this year in Kellogg North America, all aimed at getting our portfolio more on trend, enhancing our capabilities and execution and improving profitability. While our top-line growth hasn't consistently reflected these efforts yet, it is coming and we are seeing sequential improvement to go with impressive margin expansion. We are making definitive progress towards the 400 to 450 basis points of operating margin improvement we're targeting through 2018. With that, let me turn the phone over to Chris Hood, President of Kellogg Europe.
Chris Hood - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Paul, and greetings, everyone, from here in Geneva. For Kellogg Europe, 2016 will be viewed as a year in which we improved our profitability and got most of our business back on track. We continued to accelerate the growth of Pringles. We returned Wholesome Snacks to growth. We stabilized our Cereal business in most of the region. And we're growing net sales in five of our six geographic clusters. The one exception is UK Cereal, which makes up just over 20% of our total sales. The UK's a market where a sluggish economy and a difficult retail environment have resulted in net price deflation. We've underperformed in our premium adult portfolio, most notably Special K and All-Bran, and this has resulted in sharp sales declines year-to-date in this important market. But it's important not to overlook the good progress we've made elsewhere in the region. A good way to assess this progress is slide number 28, where we can compare against the priorities we set out for Kellogg Europe in 2016 and shared with you one year ago at the Day at K event. Cereal was stabilizing, with over half of our markets holding or growing share, a significant improvement versus last year. Needless to say, our primary focus right now and into 2017 will be on stabilizing the UK business and getting Special K back on track. But we are showing improvement in the rest of Europe and that was a priority for this year. Pringles has been a big success as we acquired this brand in 2012. We're seeing continued high single-digit growth, with broad-based share growth across almost all markets. This marks four years in a row of high single-digit growth in this brand. And we're doing this by strengthening the core of the brand and accessing new occasions in new markets via additional sizes and geographic expansion. Wholesome Snacks has returned to growth across Europe in 2016, driven by investing in the renovation of Special K bars and innovation like Kellogg-branded fruit and nut bars. Our emerging markets of Russia and Arabia have made substantial progress, despite difficult operating conditions. Our Russian business is up strongly year-to-date and our acquisitions in Egypt, Bisco Misr and Mass Foods, are both growing at a rapid clip as well. As discussed last year, e-commerce is a big channel for us in Europe. This channel represents over $100 million of our sales and we enjoy share premiums in our categories compared to the total market. And last, we continue to drive transformational change within our cost structure behind Project K, implementation of shared services, getting started with Zero-Based Budgeting where we're about a year behind North America, and implementing Revenue Growth Management to improve net price realization. We've increased our operating profit margin by 70 basis points already this year and by over 400 basis points over the last four years. So there's good progress being made across Europe on the priorities we established last November. Unfortunately, the growth progress is being somewhat masked by difficult market conditions in the UK on our Cereal business. Looking forward, we expect to stabilize top-line sales and continue to drive strong profit expansion. Slide 29 discusses our 2016 results and outlook. As you can see, we posted strong profit growth in Q3. Our sales were up slightly, almost solely due to our Cereal business in the UK. In the rest of Europe, we posted sales growth in virtually all of our sub-regions. France Benelux grew high single digits. Southern Europe and the Mediterranean Middle East posted low single-digit growth. And Russia recorded a strong double-digit gain. And we are holding or growing share in over half of our cereal markets, while sustaining strong Pringles momentum. As we go into Q4, we will work to drive sequential share improvement on our core brands. And we should post another quarter of margin expansion and profit growth. We will finish 2016 with a slight decline in net sales, but significant profit expansion due to all of our productivity initiatives. Turning the slide number 30, here's how we're thinking about 2017. In combination across Cereal and Snacks, we expect total Europe 2017 sales to be flat to down slightly. We're making good progress on stabilizing our Cereal business in most of Europe. There's already quite a bit of work going on in turning around the UK. We're simplifying and focusing our operations to drive a stronger core business. We're accelerating the repositioning of the Special K brand behind recently-launched on-trend offerings like Special K Nourish, which has been successful elsewhere in the world. We're crafting a better, more balanced, commercial plan. And we're using Revenue Growth Management to get our prices and pack formats right in order to reverse the deflation that we've been experiencing. With all of these plans, we are expecting sequential improvement on UK Cereal during 2017 with continued decline, albeit at a moderated pace. Pringles still has plenty of room to grow. Food renovation, commercial innovation and geographic expansion will all continue in 2017, and executing our productivity initiatives will continue to be a focus. Delivering our expected savings from Project K, Global Business Services and Zero-Based Budgeting are all critical to enabling the investment in food renovation and covering Brexit-related transactional currency impact. In summary, we have more work to do, but we are seeing some green shoots of sales recovery. And we are confident that we can bring stability to our European Cereal business while continuing to grow Snacks. Meanwhile, we'll continue to boost productivity to drive profitable growth, staying on course toward our 2018 operating profit margin goal of 300 to 350 incremental basis points. With that, let me turn the phone over to Maria Fernanda Mejia, President of Kellogg Latin America.
Maria Fernanda Mejia - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Latin America continues to be an important growth opportunity for Kellogg, a key element to the company's 2020 Growth Plan. Our programs are fully aligned to this growth plan and we're prioritizing investment behind markets like Mexico, Caribbean Central America and Andean, strengthening our leadership in cereal while expanding our snacks footprint. And we're building scale in more emerging markets like Brazil. But, as you know, nothing is ever simple in Latin America. We have to manage very carefully through an extremely challenging external environment. When we met last November during Day at K, we outlined our strategy and key areas of focus for 2016. A year later, I'm pleased to share with you the tremendous progress, as shown on slide 32. Leading category growth is evident from our share growth in many core cereal markets, our record shares in wholesome snacks in Brazil and Colombia and our double-digit growth on Pringles in markets like Mexico. Driving this growth has been innovation. We've expanded our offerings under the Kellogg's parent brand, growing double-digit. And our most recent introductions for Special K Protein cereal and nut bars are exceeding our expectations. We continue to drive our distribution and sales coverage in high-frequency stores, while improving our in-store execution by tailoring our regional commercial programs by retail environment. And we've continued to increase our supply chain network utilization significantly over the past three years. We've enabled our innovation platforms, strengthened our packaging capabilities and evolved our business models through partnerships with co-manufacturers, enhancing our speed-to-market. And we delivered margin improvement through efficiency programs like Project K, [KIM] and ZBB, all of which are combining with price realization to offset foreign exchange headwinds, so great progress being made across our priorities. A driver of market expansion will be M&A. And one of the most exciting transformational components of our growth plan can be seen on slide 33. Our recently-announced acquisition of Parati, which we hope to close in the fourth quarter, completely changes the game for us in Brazil, a market where we have been present and where we've been growing for a number of years, but where we've lacked critical scale. With Parati, we more than double our size in the high-growth potential Mercosur region, bringing it from just over 10% of Kellogg Latin America sales to over 25%. And we substantially increase our overall presence in Snacks, taking it roughly from 20% of Kellogg Latin America sales to about a third. This is a company that plays in attractive categories with strong brands and a track record of growth. It's largely regional, with its foothold in the south, so there is geographic expansion opportunity. Its strength in high-frequency stores will be leveraged across our Kellogg brands. Slide 34 summarizes our performance in Q3 and our outlook for Q4. After a relatively soft first half, driven by region-wide economic slowdown and FX impact, we returned to growth in quarter three. We saw growth in both Cereal and in Snacks, and the growth was broad-based. Mexico, Mercosur, Caribbean Central America all posted sales growth in the quarter, aided by price realization. For the region, excluding volatile Venezuela, we've held our share for the cereal category flat year-to-date, with gains in markets like Brazil, Colombia and Puerto Rico. And in the recent periods, we have seen Mexico regain some share it lost earlier in the year. Snacks is showing strong momentum across the region, both on wholesome and salty. Meanwhile, our productivity efforts and price realization are starting to flow through to profit margin, which improved strongly in the third quarter. The team continues to manage well through very difficult economic and currency conditions, and we should not overlook the very good work done to manage through continuous crisis in Venezuela. We are expecting another quarter of sequential acceleration in net sales in the fourth quarter on improved price realization, stronger commercial plans and relevant innovation across categories hitting the stores and this, despite a difficult economic environment in Brazil. Profit margins in the fourth quarter should continue to be higher, due to price realization and additional efficiencies generated through our recently-launched ZBB initiative. On slide 35, we show our priorities for 2017. And everything starts with our largest market, Mexico. The sequential improvements we're seeing in the second half of 2016 will continue into 2017, with exciting innovation to grow consumption in Cereal, continued expansion into the HFS channel, effective brand-building and exciting opportunities behind our growing Snacks businesses. The integration of Parati in Brazil will be executed flawlessly, given our proven success with integrating Pringles several years ago, coupled with our common cultures and complementary businesses. Revenue growth is critical to driving profitable growth, executing our portfolio by retail environment and implementing the right price and size. Effective promotions, while driving mix, will help us generate sales and profitability. And we'll continue our path towards supply change optimization with step changes ahead. So in summary, a laser-sharp focus on these priorities should allow us to better manage through current regional volatility and deliver good low single-digit growth and expanded profit margins in 2017. This will put us well on our way toward our 2018 margin expansion target of 100 to 200 basis points. And with this, I'll turn it over to Amit Banati, President of Asia Pacific, currently in Singapore.
Amit Banati - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Maria Fernanda, and good morning; well, evening for me from Singapore. We are having a good year in Kellogg Asia Pacific. Our top-line growth has a consistent, led by Pringles and emerging markets, and our joint ventures are also growing strongly. Profit margins have moved higher and we have plans to increase them further. And, most importantly, we have continued to make progress in our key strategic initiatives, and these will make Asia Pacific a sustainable growth engine for Kellogg for years to come. One slide 37, we show the priorities for Asia Pacific that had been communicated at Day at K last year. In 2016, we continued to make strong progress against our priorities to transform the region. We have a more balanced portfolio. Asia and Africa now account for about two-thirds of the region sales. Snacks now accounts for about one-third of the region's sales. We have made good progress in stabilizing our Australian business, particularly in Cereal, where we are seeing much better category and share trends. Pringles has delivered strong growth in 2016. After two years of double-digit growth in Asia, we have seen growth moderate in 2016, primarily due to challenging market conditions in India in the first half of the year. But we are growing overall and India is recovering in the second half. And in Sub-Saharan Africa, we are seeing strong growth in both our wholly-owned operations and our joint venture in Nigeria. Slide 38 discusses our quarter three performance and how we see quarter four shaping up. We continued to post increased sales in quarter three, with Pringles and emerging markets driving the growth. We are seeing our Australian Cereal business stabilize in 2016, with improved consumption and share trends in the cereal category. The drivers of improved performance include: our renovation to four-star food of our biggest brand, Nutri-Grain, which is now in growth; the launch of a gluten-free range, which is the number one innovation in the Cereal category year-to-date; and improved execution in store. Our Pringles business had a strong quarter three, growing sales at a double-digit rate. Growth was driven by distribution expansion in emerging markets and new innovation expanding the Pringles portfolio such as the introduction of sweet flavors in Korea and the launch of Tortilla across the region. Emerging markets remain a source of growth for the region, with Sub-Saharan Africa and Southeast Asia key highlights for us in quarter three. Quarter three sales growth was impacted by Korea lapping the year-ago supply disruption of a major competitor. Growth was also impacted by challenging economic and regulatory conditions in India in the first half, and our Snacks business in Australia has remained soft. We have seen sequential improvement in our performance in India and Australia Snacks each quarter. As a result, we expect growth to accelerate in quarter four. This will result in fully outpaced growth in the low single-digit range. Again, it is important not to forget our unconsolidated joint ventures shown on slide 39. These are a key element of our emerging markets growth strategy. Year-to-date, our joint venture in China and our joint venture and investment stake in Nigeria are both growing at a strong double-digit rate, despite operating in very challenging business environments. When you consider that our share of these businesses net sales is equivalent to roughly half the size of our Asia Pacific region, you can understand how significantly they would add to our overall growth if they were consolidated into our results. We have strong plans for 2017 represented on slide 40. We will build on our progress on stabilizing our Australian Cereal business. Turning around our Wholesome Snacks business in Australia will be a key priority. We recently launched Special K Protein Bites and Nutri-Grain EDGE bars and they are both off to a strong start. We have also relaunched the Be Natural brand with new food and packaging. Emerging markets will continue to be a growth driver across both cereal and snacks. In cereals, we continue to drive category development in emerging markets, and we will also launch wholesome snacks in South Korea and Southeast Asia. We continue to expect strong growth on Pringles behind innovation and distribution expansion in emerging markets as we expand offerings at affordable price points. Small cans now account for 20% of our Pringle sales in the region. 2017 will also see an increased focused on driving operating margin expansion as we roll-out Zero-Based Budgeting and Revenue Growth Management. In terms of outlook, we expect net sales growth in the low single-digit range for Kellogg Asia Pacific in 2017, with sales from our joint ventures, in effect, bringing that pace of growth much higher. Meanwhile, profit margins should expand, driving higher profit, and putting us closer to our 2018 margin expansion target of 100 to 200 basis points. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to John Bryant for some final remarks.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Amit. Let me wrap up with slide 41 and a few key messages I'd like to leave you with today. We are making clear progress toward our priorities. We are doing what we said we'd do, and this will lead to continued improvement in our financial performance. We are disappointed by our recent sales performance, but improving underlying fundamentals points to sequential improvement in Q4 and 2017. We have unprecedented earnings visibility. That's because of our productivity programs, like Project K and ZBB. It's because of Revenue Growth Management and it's because of a refreshed Volume to Value operating model. And we have increased confidence that we can achieve our goal of raising our operating profit margin by 250 basis points from 2015 through 2018. I'd like to thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication. And with that, let's open up the line for Q&A.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thank you for the question. First, real quick housekeeping item, Ron, how was your advertising spend tracking year-to-date just so we can get a bead in sort of underlying SG&A and the efficiency that's being squeezed out there?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, first, Jason, let me remind you we're committed to investing in our brands and our food, and we invest at industry-leading levels. And we had very strong pressure in the third quarter as well. The fact is Zero-Based Budgeting highlighted some opportunities for us from an efficiency and an effectiveness standpoint to ensure that we're investing with impact into our business. For example, we found opportunities in agency fees, so the non-working elements of our brand-building and also in production costs. And, as you know, the model to build brands in the marketplace today certainly is evolving. Now in the third quarter, we saw our brand-building as a percent of sales down about a point. So we did have some money come out, but remember we're investing back into our foods in conjunction with that.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Quick follow-up then for Paul, if we still have him on the line; Paul, not unlike the industry at large, we're seeing an algorithm for your growth in North America be accompanied by lower A&P and a bit more pull on the pricing lever. We're starting to see price gaps from private label widening out a bit. How do you guys think about defending against private label encroachment as you're trying to get prices higher, at the same time pulling back on some of the traditional brand-building levers?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Jason. I think it's a good point regarding our private label brands. I mean, our focus is clear on investing in our brands, first and foremost. So you probably heard me say it on several occasions, investing behind our biggest brands, be that our big three crackers, our core six cereals, Rice Krispies Treats, the Eggo brand, the Pop-Tart brand, investing in the food in ways that continuously improve our offerings, sometimes that's removing things people want less of, sometimes that's putting more in what people want more of, like red berries, for example, in Special K. Those are the things that allow branded companies like ours and our big brands to compete and play effectively for consumers' pocketbooks in the marketplace. So my focus is very much in improving our foods, bigger better ideas, and driving our investment behind those things. Now how you invest, whether it's old school television or whether it's more socially-driven, I think that's what all of us are working towards. So it doesn't mean that you invest like you always did to get the return you always got. You can be more efficient and effective in the ways you go forward.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Jason, if I could just add to that, I think if you look around the world, in general, private label shares are not doing well in our categories. So we're holding our own. In fact, we're doing better than private label in the majority of our categories around the world. I mean, I would strongly disagree with the comment of pulling back on brand-building. We're absolutely committed to brand-building. We spend at industry-leading levels. We can be more efficient at doing it, and that's where the Zero-Based Budgeting benefits are coming through. And we can change how we spend brand-building to next generation marketing more. That's what Paul was referring to in terms of spending more on digital and less on, say, traditional TV-type advertising programs. So we're absolutely committed to driving strong brands and we think we can do it more efficiently and effectively over time.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thank you. I guess I wanted to take kind of a step back on, John, your international investments. You've made now two more medium-sized, I guess, acquisitions in emerging markets. And I just kind of went back and I looked at the profitability of your international business, and it really has not moved, even if I go back maybe even 13 years. Maybe Europe is a little better, but Latin America way down. The promise of international for Kellogg has been around for a long time, and I was hoping you could kind of take a step back and give us some perspective as to why has it not developed the way maybe you would've hoped over the past 10 years? And so, why double-down on it now to try to reignite it and even in some countries where the visibility, like in Africa, is pretty low?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: I think a few things give us great confidence in our ability to grow internationally going forward. One, if you go back to our 2020 growth strategy, emerging market expansion was a big part of that strategy, and you're seeing us make that a reality. We have invested actually in all three of our international regions with emerging market acquisitions or joint ventures in the last year or two years. We've made significant investments in Nigeria, helping us open up Africa. We've made two acquisitions in Egypt, helping us expand the Mediterranean Middle East region. And we made a very important acquisition in Brazil earlier this year, which transforms that marketplace for us. All these elements help us build a larger emerging market footprint within our company. It's also worth highlighting that Pringles has changed the nature of our emerging markets business from being focused on cereal, to also having the ability to drive snacks expansion. Pringles has certainly helped us make that a reality within the emerging markets. So as we go forward, we think we are increasingly well-positioned to get better growth, both on the top line and on margin expansion, as you heard from the international area presidents here this morning.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Could I ask a follow-up? Can you give us an update on the profitability of the Nigerian acquisition? As I look through the JV line, I don't see any profits flowing through. Is there something more to it?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Rob, it's Ron. The Nigeria investment is making money. There are a number of other things that are flowing through that line, other joint venture investments, including China and a small joint venture in Turkey as well, but we are profitable in Nigeria. And as you heard from Amit, we got very strong sales growth within that market as well.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Is it meeting its objectives for 2016?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Amit, do you want to talk about the performance of the Nigerian business?
Amit Banati - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, sure. So we are driving strong double-digit growth on our JV in Nigeria. Despite the economic challenges in the market, margins are largely flat. I think the investment that we made in Multipro, it was a distribution business, so largely local in nature, which has allowed us to continue to hold margins, despite the challenging economic environment. And broadly, seeing very strong growth in the business and are on track with the initial acquisition case.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Good morning.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning. I just had two questions, if I could; the first would be in the past, you've given kind of at least a preliminary indication for EPS growth for the coming year. Are there any nuances maybe, Ron, that we should think about for EPS growth for the coming year?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Well, it's a little early from a currency standpoint, Chris, for us to give guidance on how currencies may impact our business. So that's one thing that we'll need to consider and certainly the impact that Brexit has had on the sterling. The other thing is you heard me communicate on the call here that we expect our tax rate this year to be about 25%. So we'll be lapping that as we move into 2017.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then, just a question for you overall on Revenue Growth Management and the way that we should expect that to kind of feed into revenue growth going forward, is there an immediate effect on volume, maybe a negative effect on volume, for instance, that we're not seeing made up for in the form of higher pricing and mix? Like this quarter, I expected to see price and mix higher. I think in most divisions, actually, it was lower. Is that still to come? Is that the way to look at that?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Yes. What I would tell you, Chris, is that our Revenue Growth Management work is in its early stages and it's unfolding. We're a bit more developed in some of the U.S. businesses versus our international markets. But where it's progressing well, though – remember what I said in the opening remarks is that we expect, as we go through 2017, 2018, volume to be down and price mix to be improving. Some of this work takes time before you see it unfold within the profit and loss statement. And let me remind you there are a number of different areas that we're taking a look at. First of all, our trade investment and the efficiency and effectiveness of that trade investment. We're also looking at pack sizes to make sure we have the right pricing structures in pack sizes on shelf, and then we're doing things around mix management. So it takes time to work that from consumer to shelf through the customer and then back into our business. But we'll see that unfold in 2017 and 2018 as well, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And has that been in place, revenue management in North America, throughout 2016 or was it phased in through the year?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Phased in through the year.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: I'd say, again, it's still pretty early days for us on Revenue Growth Management. So I think you're seeing better performance in Q3 than the front half of this year. We expect Q4 to be slightly better again, but this is not a sudden shift. This is a build-up over time of the various work we're doing in this area
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: I think Deanie highlighted some examples on the last call of how we're beginning to see some improved performance in Cheez-It come through and we are getting the benefits of the work, but we started with Cheez-It. We're now moving across other brands.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks for the time today.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Morning, Michael.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: You talked at Day at K last year about some of the investing in cookies and the repertoire portfolio and unlocking some of that potential, but it hasn't really been one of the ones you've talked about, the Keebler brand specifically. What's the status there? Is that still something that you see as an opportunity? How do you think about that evolving in your snacks portfolio?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, Michael. That's a great question. If you look at the Keebler brand in the third quarter, our sales, our consumption was down about 0.8 of a percent and our share is stable. We reinvested in the brand in about March this year with brand-building advertising and also some food innovation, which is coming through now. And we've seen base sales in the third quarter up almost 6% in the marketplace in the third quarter. And in the more recent data, it's continuing to grow. So we do have a tail within our cookie portfolio that we're working on, though, specifically, the Keebler brand, we feel good about the Keebler brand. And the team has done a great job. I mean, the brand is stabilizing in consumption, like I say, and we're seeing good baseline sales growth, and a little bit of price from a unit point of view coming through, which is positive. I just didn't mention it today.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then, just a follow-up on wholesome snacks, you talked about that being under more pressure both in the U.S. and Australia. But in Europe, you've cited that as an area of strength. What are some of the differences there? And how transferable are some of the things you're doing in Europe into other markets?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Maybe I'll just talk more broadly about wholesome snacks. I think when we have our food on trend that is in line with the positioning of the brand, we do very well. And it's some of the great work that Chris and the team in Europe have done around relaunching some Special K food that is more on trend with where that brand is going. I think you're seeing some good response. I think we still have some work to do in some of our markets around the world to ensure that the food really is delivering against the promise of the brand. And we have those plans in place and you'll see more innovation coming out against that in 2017. Paul, do you want to add any comments?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, I would say if you look at the U.S. business, Rice Krispies Treats has grown sales and share. Nutri-Grain's hanging in there and growing some share in the category as well. Our drag has been the Special K brand and some of those legacy foods as John mentioned that are probably off trend and more kind of linked towards diet. We have a significant restage coming in Q1 2017, with I think eight new foods around Special K brand and also around the Nutri-Grain brand as we seek to stabilize that part of our business next year overall. So it will take significant investment in food as the starting point to stabilizing that business.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: And just in Europe, did it never really have as much of a diet positioning or does it not have that hole to dig out of? What's working in Europe that's unique?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Let me say some comments and I'll hand it over to Chris. There has been some new innovation. The positioning of Special K in Europe was very much against that traditional weight management positioning, and that is something we're looking to evolve over time. Chris, you want to talk more about the Wholesome Snacks performance in Europe?
Chris Hood - Kellogg Co.: Yeah, sure. I mean, I think there's some rejuvenation on the Special K bars, as John has referenced, but the other thing that's driving our results in Europe is the introduction of Kellogg-branded fruit and nut bars, which are on-trend, very tasty foods that we launched into the UK this past year and we're now expanding more broadly across Europe. So that's been the other driver.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thanks very much, guys. Just a quick one; Paul, you talked about you maybe being a little ahead of in Snacking in North America versus where you are in maybe getting Cereal turned around. I'm trying to understand. I've asked this before, years go, but I'm trying to get caught up here. Can you give us a sense of the difference in contribution margins between those two products and if there's there a significant negative profit mix if Snacking does a little bit better than Cereal? And any way of quantifying that both this year and maybe going forward so we can understand what kind of base you're working with as you just get generally more efficient? Thanks.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Hey, Jonathan. Well, I won't point to specific margin structure of the different categories within the Snacks business or Cereal business. I would tell you, and I mentioned this in the opening remarks, our Wholesome Snacks business has strong margins. And as that business has been soft for us, that's had an impact on our business performance and our gross margin as well. When you look across the Cereal business broadly, our Morning Foods broadly and Snacks broadly, the overall gross margin structures and contribution structures are pretty comparable.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just one housekeeping and then just one question; in terms of the revenue guidance change today, just how much was the cereal inventory, the unexpected inventory reductions, have the effect on the revenue guidance? Just trying to get a sense of if that that didn't happen, would you have needed to reduce your revenue outlook?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: This is Ron, Bryan. Looking at the current trends, we probably would have reduced our revenue outlook, but that trade inventory reduction was significant in Morning Foods. There was a big difference between our shipments and our consumption. And from recollection, it was about a half a point or a little bit more within the quarter.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And that's now past you, meaning it won't be a drag going forward, right?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: It won't be a drag going forward, and we didn't plan that inventory to come back into the business either. So we took a prudent approach to how we expect the balance of the year to unfold.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: So just to clarify, just to add some more to that, I think our consumption this year on cereal is down about 1%. Our shipments are probably down a couple hundred basis points more than that this year in U.S. So it would be our expectation and so the half point that Ron was referring to before was the total company net sales impact in Q3.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Yes. That's correct.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Ron, I think earlier, maybe on the 2Q earnings call, you talked about Project K delivering about $100 million of savings this year and then ZBB was, I think, $150 million to $180 million. So is that still the range? Has any of that changed for 2016? And then, as we look at 2017, is the incremental impact from Project K and ZBB similar or more or less than this year? Just trying to understand maybe what drives the margin expansion next year if it's different, if it builds differently in 2017 than 2016?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: Absolutely. So let's start first with 2016. Project K is on track in delivering against its financial objectives. We communicated approximately $100 million worth of savings and we're still on track for that number. Zero-Based Budgeting, the latest update I had provided was that our Zero-Based Budgeting savings in 2016 would be in the range of $150 million to $180 million. Now, we are hitting more towards the top end of that range, maybe even a little bit above that range as we look at our most recent outlook for the year. So we're seeing very good performance from Zero-Based Budgeting. Now, let's move that into 2017. And I did provide an update at the Barclays conference, if you wanted to refer to some charts there, you'd see it on the charts as well. But Project K, balance of the program to hit the $425 million to $475 million worth of savings, so roughly $140 million to $190 million of savings over the next couple years, 2017 and 2018, to hit that range. And we have said that more than half of that savings would come in 2017. When you look at Zero-Based Budgeting savings and the way we've outlined it, it's roughly a third, a third, a third unfolding in in 2016, 2017 and 2018. So the savings are pretty comparable.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Kellogg Co.: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Morning, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So can I ask just as a follow-up to what Bryan was asking about with the unexpected trade inventory reductions, in U.S. Cereal, was that predominantly driven by reduced shelf space being allocated by the retailers? And I guess within that, is the strategy for 2017 to really focus in your six core cereal brands and maybe to allow shelf space to be reduced on the non-core brands? And do you expect to get back to sales growth in U.S. Cereals in 2017? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: I'll get that. Hi, Alexia. No, will be the answer to the first part of the question, that it was not linked to any reduction in space by any of our retailers. I think we were carrying maybe a little bit of incremental inventory through the first part of the year and it came out in the third quarter. We're trying to be, as Ron said, cautious and not planning to come back necessarily in the final part of the year. Regarding the core six, our strategy is to drive the core six hard. And that means investment in food. That means investment in great ideas, and that means really working our core assortment across all retail environments extremely hard, so that we get the maximum out of those brands. We also need to turn Kashi back to growth next year as well. If we do those things, I think we can be optimistic about the sequential improvement track in front of us in Cereal as a company and in Cereal as a category back towards flat or better in 2017.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Strycula with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Morning, Steven.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: I want to follow up on Alexia's question and bring us back to like a bigger picture view on cereal innovation in the category. If we rewind the clock back a few quarters and think about how you and Mills and a few of the other guys in the industry were thinking about category growth rate at the start of the year, you would have said something about like flat to low single digits, driven by gluten-free, artificial-free, all these different forms of incremental innovation. What do you think, at the end of the day, stopped us short of reaching that goal? Was it food deflation, something in consumer behavior? But bottom line, what do we need to see to bring incremental users to the category?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Maybe I could start and then hand it over to Paul to add any more comments. So I think earlier this year, I was asked if I thought U.S. Cereal would grow in 2016. And I said, yes, I thought we would. And part of that was the improvement we're seeing over the last three or four years in consumption trends in cereal, particularly in our business. And if you look at consumption in 2017, we're going to end up down about 1%. That's actually a significant improvement over prior years, not quite where I hoped we'd get to, but we're certainly trending in the right direction. Our shipments might end up being 100, 200 basis points less than that because we are expecting a full-year trade inventory reduction in the Cereal business based on what we saw in the third quarter. So I think we're heading in the right direction. Was I a little bit maybe too optimistic we'd get there in 2016, perhaps, but I think as Paul said, we get to 2017, we expect to see the continued improvement. And it's going to come through by engaging consumers with great food, engaging them with the brands, bringing it to life in store, a whole variety of factors that we know historically have driven the Cereal business performance.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Just to follow up on that. Just wanted to see what is the greatest lift that you're seeing? Give us a tangible example of what really moves the needle most within the Cereal category, whether it's putting ingredient quality back into the box or is it the merchandising or the trade? I know it's probably a little bit of all of this, but what, in your view, when you think reinvesting Zero-Based Budgeting savings, what gives you that best incremental pop or ROI, so to speak?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Okay. Well, if you think about Cereal, each brand is different so what makes one brand react might be different from another. We clearly saw a reinvestment in our core foods around, say, Special K red berries, which is a significant part of our lineup. Turn the business back to positive growth on a year-to-date basis this year, K is growing and growing share. We've seen Rice Krispies do extremely well this year, not because of necessarily innovation or renovation, but because of consumer engagement around recipe usage and versatility and I think that's driving that brand. Frosted Flakes is another brand that's growing well against teens and tweens this year so and that again I would say is driven by in-store activation behind big properties; properties like Finding Dory or the Olympics event. So it's not the same ingredients behind every brand. When it comes to ZBB reinvestment, we have put some money back in the business this year. We put it back in our sales force again to drive greater activation right through to the point of purchase. So sometimes, it's behind the brand. Sometimes, it's focusing on getting the assortment right and the perfect shelf at store, and that takes resources at the store level to do that. We did choose to reinvest in Keebler this year, which obviously isn't cereal, but that was a choice coming out of ZBB reinvestment. And we've seen positive returns on that. So I do think it comes down to core six brands and the one thing we can do better next year, I believe, is get Kashi back to growth. Kashi responds to many needs out there that some of the Kellogg traditional legacy brands can't. It's growing in the natural channel 4% to 5%. We need to get it beyond stable to growth in mainstream measures channels as well next year. We do that plus the core six, I think you'll see the category flatten out and maybe tip into growth.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Paul, I'd like to come back to the comment about the prolonged transition on shelf for Kashi. I wonder if you can elaborate a bit in terms of how much is internal execution relative to just a more challenging environment for natural organic overall and maybe what changes you're making from here?
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John. That's a great question. Let me start off by saying, in all openness and honesty, I'm disappointed by our performance in Q3. I did expect a little more progress than we got. We started, as you know, 18 months ago, we put our team back out in California. And that team has been extremely focused on getting our food right. So we have completely renovated all of our foods to be Non-GMO Project Verified and about 30% to 40% of our portfolio is now organic. So we've done a lot of the fundamentals of getting the food right, in particular in our biggest business. We then decided to exit some categories, frozen pizzas for example. And we're getting out of things that we don't think are a good fit for the Kashi brand. And we turned our attention to innovating and renovating aggressively on our Wholesome Snacks business, which, as John mentioned earlier, Wholesome Snacks is again all about getting the food right. As we look at consumer reaction to Kashi, we're getting good reaction, a lot of positive social reaction to the brand, which means I feel confident about the equity. I think our foods are all getting back on trend. I think, and this is the important bit, you're right. With great execution, which I think we can improve on, we will return this business to growth. So I think there's a journey we're on here and we need to turn up execution because I think all the other elements are coming together. We have brand new communication about to hit early next year. It would have been great if we could have got that out a bit earlier, but we're getting to where we want to get to. We just need to execute now.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, Paul. And just a follow-up, more broadly in terms of your emerging markets outlook through 2018, you're targeting margin expansion in both Lat Am and AP. Yet, it also sounds as though there's quite a bit of heavy lifting ahead in terms of investments in new and existing territories. Can you speak to maybe where your resources are right now in terms of people investments, brands spending and otherwise relative to target? And what gives you the confidence you can grow margins even as investment increases?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Well, I think as you look around the world, you look at our margin expansion goals, they are more in Europe and North America. So not surprisingly, that's where more of the heavy lifting is from a margin expansion perspective. But even in the emerging markets, we do expect to see margin expansion. We expect to see that because a lot of the initiatives that we have underway. So I'm going to hand it over to Maria Fernanda and to Amit briefly just to talk about some of the things they're doing to drive margins in their regions, starting with Maria Fernanda, then to Amit.
Maria Fernanda Mejia - Kellogg Co.: Yeah. Thank you, John. So much of our focus around our historical profit margins has been due to investing in emerging markets, investing in Snacks and HFS. I think this year, the focus in moving toward our targets, we are expecting significant productivity progress, as I mentioned, continuing to optimize and streamline our supply chain, focusing on lowering our total delivered costs. Certainly KIM has been quite significant for us, improving our margins in Latin America as well as RGM and ZBB and Project K. So I think we've demonstrated great discipline in the execution of Project K. And moving forward, we'll transfer that discipline to our ZBB efforts, which we're already starting to see flow through second half of this year, as well as Revenue Growth Management. We talked about several years ago, we set the portfolio right in Latin America. We're focusing our efforts behind those core brands. And looking at total commercial investment through the lens of RGM, I think will help enhance those margins and optimizing our overhead through continued Project K.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, Maria.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Amit, do you want to add anything?
Amit Banati - Kellogg Co.: Yes. From an Asia Pac standpoint, we're rolling out similar to Latin America, we're rolling out a number of initiatives to drive margin, including Zero-Based Budgeting and RGM, which will enable us to expand margins by around 100 to 200 basis points by 2018, while also providing the fuel to invest behind our 2020 Growth Plan. And as we had outlined in our 2020 Growth Plan, we're focused on doubling our snacks business in the region, doubling our business in Asia and on scaling up Africa.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Morning, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just a high-level question on the European margins, there's still to be a fairly wide variance between North America and European margins. Is there an opportunity to actually narrow that gap, even as North American margins go higher and would you expect the cadence of ZBB to accelerate in Europe as well?
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Well, let me just say before handing it over to Chris to talk about some of the things we're doing in Europe and great progress in terms of expanding margins over the last few years and how that will progress, let me say that, in general, I think European food companies operate at a lower operating margin than North American food companies. So I don't think that's unique to Kellogg. I think it's pretty standard out there, but, Chris, anything you want to add on the European margin progression?
Chris Hood - Kellogg Co.: No, I mean, I think we've already said it. I think we've made great progress, 400 basis points over the last four years, another 350 or so over the next few years. And we're essentially following the same playbook that the rest of the company is following around ZBB and RGM as well as some Project K initiatives. So we've got good visibility and we expect to make strong progress.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
John A. Bryant - Kellogg Co.: Good morning, Mario.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I wanted to ask about the Morningstar Farms business. So I know that you talked about some challenges there in terms of losing distribution. Can you comment a little bit more specifically on what's driving that? Is it that retailers aren't responding to the new packaging or is it just the new packaging isn't available, so they're essentially not taking orders at this time? And then, maybe from a longer-term perspective, this is a pretty on-trend category. Are you expecting a fairly quick return to growth once the packaging situation is resolved? Thank you.
Paul T. Norman - Kellogg Co.: Hey, Mario. It's Paul here. Yes, let me break this down. We're actually disappointed with the transformation of Morningstar Farms, not from a consumer point of view. We have consumer-validated and qualified packaging that we feel very good about. With any disruptive innovation, sometimes things can get disruptive, and we have not executed through to the shelf at the pace we expected to be able to execute. So I do think this is a case of execution, unfortunately, in the Morningstar Farms business. If I looked across our business, I look at cereal, I look at snacks, we've seen some very good execution. Kashi would be one area, or Morningstar Farms, where I think we have opportunity to improve. The good news is, like I say, our packaging is consumer-validated. We are now in a place where our distribution is back to normal and where it needs to be. I have visibility to a great pipeline of news coming early in the year. And we are now completely focused on communication and regenerating trial. There's no issue with the food. There's no issue with consumer. A lot of the food, we just missed it here. And now, we're focused very much on getting back to growth. I foresee growth for Morningstar Farms next year as we go forward. We did lose one item, which shows through in the numbers, unfortunately negatively, is we did lose a big item in the club channel, one of our best sellers and we're working hard to get that item back in a new organic format. When we get that item back, the club business is big for this business. So we're cautiously optimistic that's coming back as well, and that will be a driver of growth for this business next year.
John Renwick - Kellogg Co.: Operator, I'm afraid we're out of time. So, everyone, thanks for your interest and your questions. And if you have any follow-up questions, please call us in Investor Relations at 269-961-9050.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-04 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John P. Renwick, IV - Vice President, Investor Relations & Competitor Analysis, Kellogg Co. John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Adrienne Deanie Elsner - President, U.S. Snacks
Analysts: John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period Please note that today's call is being recorded. Thank you. At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.
John P. Renwick, IV - Vice President, Investor Relations & Competitor Analysis, Kellogg Co.: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our second quarter 2016 results. I am joined here by John Bryant, Chairman and CEO; Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer; and Deanie Elsner, President of U.S. Snacks. The press release and the slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, August 11. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And now, I will turn it over to John Bryant.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, John, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We are pleased to report another quarter of operating profit margin expansion. Obviously, we're still challenged as to our top-line (2:07) growth. Part of this is an industry-wide dynamic, as you all know, and part of this is our exposure to a shift in weight management trends that affected one of our biggest brands, Special K. That's why it's so important that we continue to make progress on four key priorities we've been updating you on over the past several months. First, investment in food and packaging, which was evident: in Kashi, where we completed the conversion of the entire portfolio to non-GMO; in Frozen Foods, where we completed a packaging transition; and in Special K, cereal and bars, in several markets, as we reframed the brand to inner strength. All of these investments have the consumer in mind and all require near-term investment and transition, but all will bring back growth in the future. Second, expansion of Pringles, which was reflected in continued growth worldwide, be it because of adding distribution, expanding new platforms like Tortilla or accelerating single-serve offerings. Our On-the-Go (3:06) brand is growing at a solid mid-single digit rate. Third, enhancing our sales capabilities, which continued as we launched broader revenue growth management capabilities in certain business units. This moves us beyond trade optimization and analytics toward price/pack architecture and other ways to ensure that we have the right price, on the right pack, for the right occasion. We completed the organization of our DSD selling and merchandising organization, which will offer improved effectiveness. We continue to expand distribution in high-frequency stores, particularly in emerging markets. This investment in execution will benefit us going forward. And finally, but perhaps most important in today's industry environment, we made notable progress increasing our earnings visibility based on our strong productivity programs. Not only did we record a higher operating profit margin in the quarter, we also made good progress launching and executing initiatives that will improve our margins for the rest of the year and beyond. We continue to be on track with Project K. We continue to deliver on Zero-Based Budgeting in North America, while rolling it out internationally. And our guidance for 2016 now incorporates higher Zero-Based Budgeting savings, with more of it applying to earnings. This is a key driver behind our more positive stance towards our 2016 earnings guidance. As we stated at our Day at K Investor Day, we recognize that margin expansion is a major opportunity in the food industry, and we are committed to making significant progress against this objective. Today, we are announcing an expansion and acceleration of our margin expansion plans. As Slide 4 indicates, we now have a plan that can realize approximately 350 basis points of improvement in our currency-neutral comparable OP margin through the year 2018. This is a bit more and two years earlier than previously communicated. The chart shows you the key drivers of our margin expansion. The first bucket is productivity. We will continue to generate our ongoing 3% to 4% productivity to offset inflation. And we are expanding Zero-Based Budgeting in the U.S., while rolling it out internationally. Also, we will continue to look for additional Project K initiatives that will help us achieve this 350 basis point improvement with the potential for further savings beyond 2018. We will also be looking into ways to improve our price realization. We are now establishing more formal revenue growth management disciplines around the world, an extension of the trade analytics we have always done, to help us get better at price realization. The next area of focus is investing for impact. Our investment model has to change with today's consumer and technology, and we've been rethinking how we support and build our brands to the highest possible return on investment on every dollar we invest. This could mean less reinvestment going forward and more productivity savings going to profit margin. The last bucket has to do with making sure our foods are on-trend. This involves a more impactful approach to renovation and innovation. We are moderating our net sales growth outlook for the next couple of years to roughly flat. This reflects the current industry dynamics, but also reflects some of these margin expansion efforts, particularly where they touch upon price elasticity and portfolio optimization. It enables (6:30) a stronger portfolio and stronger earnings strength. We'll provide more detail in the coming months. With that, let me turn it over to Ron to walk you through the financials for Q2 and 2016.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, John, and good morning. Slide 5 shows highlights of the financial results for the second quarter. Keep in mind that when describing our results and outlook, we will be referring to them on a currency-neutral comparable basis, unless otherwise noted. And, in many cases, we'll also give you the same metrics excluding Venezuela. We do this because we know you prefer this basis for analyzing our underlying business performance. And, of course, the appendices to our presentation provided with the detail on both our GAAP and non-GAAP performance. Second quarter net sales increased by 8.6% and, like last quarter, these results included the impact of pricing actions in Venezuela. Net sales excluding the impact of Venezuela declined by 2%. Our operating profit increased by 10.6%, driven by savings from Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting in North America, as well as by price increases in Venezuela. Excluding the impact of Venezuela, operating profit increased by 5.3% and exceeded our expectations. On a comparable basis, earnings per share were $0.91 in the quarter, due to operating profit performance. This included $0.09 of currency headwind, $0.06 of which was due to the mid-2015 currency remeasurement in Venezuela. As a result, currency-neutral comparable earnings were $1 per share for the quarter, which represented a year-over-year increase of 8.7%. Now, let's turn to Side 6 and the components of the second quarter sales. Volume declined by 1.6%, and roughly the same ex-Venezuela. We'll discuss some of the markets where we saw declines a little later. Price/mix contributed more than 10 percentage points to sales growth, due to the impact of pricing in Venezuela. The price/mix, excluding the impact of Venezuela, declined by half a percentage point, held down by category, channel and SKU mix in various markets. And finally, you can see on this chart that the impact of foreign exchange lowered reported sales growth by 15 points, with almost all of it coming from Venezuela. And in the second half, we will have lapped the Venezuelan remeasurement, so its impact will be much smaller. Slide 7 shows our currency-neutral comparable gross profit margin for the quarter. Venezuela's inflation and currency remeasurement can be a bit distorted, but you can see that, excluding Venezuela, our gross profit margin was flat in the quarter and very close to flat for the year-to-date period. Our Productivity, Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting initiatives all delivered as planned in the quarter. This was most evident in North America, where our gross profit margin increased meaningfully, in spite of investment in food at Kashi, adverse transactional currency impacting Canada and some adverse mix in Morning Foods and Snacks. Offsetting this strong North America performance were gross margin declines across our international businesses. These declines were primarily driven by the adverse transactional currency impacts on dollar based commodities and other inputs and a deflationary retailer environment in Europe. Slide 8 shows a currency-neutral comparable operating profit margin, excluding Venezuela, for the quarter. And on that basis, operating margin increased by 110 basis points in the second quarter. It was led by North America, which is where we have rolled out ZBB. Operating margin was up internationally as well, though expansion was a bit more modest, owing to the gross margin pressures described previously and to the fact Zero-Based Budgeting is just starting up in these regions. Slide 9 summarizes the regional financial performance for the second quarter on a currency-neutral comparable basis. I'll focus on the profit and margin performance and then Deanie and John will follow with more color around the top-line. The first thing that you'll notice is that, excluding Venezuela for Latin America, every region posted profit growth and margin expansion in the quarter. In North America, operating profit increased by 5%, as savings programs more than offset a decline in sales. Operating margin improved by 1.4 points, driven by Project K savings, the ZBB initiative and lower net input costs. In Europe, operating profit increased by 4% on flat sales, with an operating margin that increased by 0.5 point, largely on efficiencies and timing of brand building as well as savings in overhead. In Latin America, operating profit increased substantially because of inflationary Venezuela. Excluding Venezuela, operating profit also increased by 4%. Operating margin, excluding Venezuela, improved by nearly a full point, led by price realization and cost management programs. Asia Pacific's operating profit jumped by a little more than 17% in the quarter, partially driven by sales growth. Operating margin increased by nearly a full point, as the timing of investments more than offset unfavorable transactional currency impacts. Slide 10 shows our cash flow for the first half of the year. You may recall that our first quarter cash flow included the impact of a bond tender offer, which lowered cash flow by approximately $145 million. Related to that, we did get a cash tax benefit in the second quarter, so the net after-tax cash impact of the tender year-to-date is approximately $97 million. And still, our year-to-date cash flow through the second quarter was $399 million, which is about $76 million better than that for the year-ago period. And importantly, we continue to reduce our core working capital as a percentage of sales, both sequentially and year-on-year. This improvement was again led by the accounts payable initiative that has been benefiting working capital over the last year. We are still on track to deliver our targeted $1.1 billion of full year operating cash flow, after capital expenditure. Full year capital spending should still be in a range between 4% and 5% of sales, including investment for Pringles growth and Project K. We bought back shares worth approximately $176 million in the second quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to $386 million, all this under our current $1.5 billion authorization. Slide 11 shows our latest guidance for the year, again on a currency-neutral comparable basis. Our net sales guidance does not change, but we believe we will come in at the low end of the 0% to 2% range that excludes Venezuela. Our operating profit guidance moves higher because of Venezuela's profit performance in the first half. And excluding Venezuela, we are not changing our guidance range, but we expect to achieve the high end of the 4% to 6% range. This is related to Zero-Based Budgeting, which is now projected to deliver roughly $150 million to $180 million of savings in this year. North America has confirmed more savings than anticipated and our international regions now have savings commencing in the second half. We're allowing more of our projected savings to flow to the bottom line, more than offsetting the impact of sales coming in toward the lower end of our guidance range. Between this higher ZBB savings and the performance of our Venezuela business, we expect our currency-neutral comparable earnings per share to be about $0.11 higher than the range we gave previously. I will point out that on a comparable basis including currency, our earnings per share outlook range actually comes down $0.06, owing to further devaluation of currencies against the U.S. dollar. Our increased outlook for operating profit has been offset by a higher average share count, due to an increase in share price and dilution from options activity. This $0.06 of additional negative currency translation is from the British pound primarily, following the vote to exit the European Union. From a phasing standpoint, the additional $0.06 of impact from currencies is evenly spread across Q3 and Q4. Remember, the impact of Venezuela is immaterial in our second half, as we have lapped the year-ago remeasurement. The Q3 earnings per share will be a little lighter than Q4, owing to the timing of investment, particularly around the Olympics and some media campaigns that were shifted from first half into the third quarter. Slide 12 shows other elements of our guidance. And first, you can see the currency impacts we just talked about. Interest expense should come in at around $400 million, which includes roughly $150 million from the bond tender, which has been excluded from our comparable results. Our comparable tax rate will be approximately 27%. Share buybacks are expected to be approximately $700 million to $750 million, though, as I said, a higher share price and increased options exercises will translate into a higher average shares outstanding. Full year up-front costs remain consistent with our original guidance of between $200 million and $250 million, or approximately $0.40 to $0.50 per share, net of tax, about half of which should be in cost of goods. And full year integration costs are still anticipated to be between $0.02 and $0.03 per share, net of tax. For both the up-front costs and integration costs, we are showing on the slide the post-tax values as well, from new disclosure rules. And with that, we'll now discuss the performance and outlook of each of our business units. We'll start with our largest business, U.S. Snacks. And with us today's is Deanie Elsner, President of U.S. Snacks.
Adrienne Deanie Elsner - President, U.S. Snacks: Thanks, Ron, and hello, everybody. Let's go to Slide 13. Before we jump into our Q2 results, let me quickly re-ground you on what I told you back at November's Day at K investor presentation. First, we're a big business with good profitability. We compete in five different categories, each with their own dynamics and in different aisles of the store. Second, we have a strong portfolio of great brands, which participate in the mega consumer trend towards snacking. This slide points out the size of some of our key brands. Third, and importantly, I laid at the opportunities that exist to get this business back to growth again. And I shared with you the key priorities we're focused on this year. Among those were the following: first, expand our margins; next, shift investment to our growth brands, the brands most aligned to today's consumer; next, expand On-the-Go formats to reach consumers across occasions and channels; and finally, stabilize Special K. Today, I want to give you a progress report on each of these priorities. Let's start with how we're improving our profit margins and Slide 14. As you know, we're driving significant productivity through Project K and ZBB. I'm happy say that we're on track with these savings. We're also institutionalizing a broader, more disciplined approach to revenue growth management. We've started with Cheez-It, where we reevaluated the price point of our offerings across channels, from large sizes to On-the-Go and single serve. And we're assessing how we invest our trade dollars. In-market for Cheez-It demonstrates the early impact of this effort. Year-to-date consumption is up 5%, led by volume and strong price/mix. Base sales, up 7.6% and we've increased distribution more than 7% behind an expansion of our price/pack architecture. The brand also posted improved profit margin. Across our portfolio, our efforts on productivity, cost savings and revenue management are paying off. Our currency-neutral comparable operating margin is up year-on-year, both in Q2 and Q1. In fact, year-to-date, that margin is up 120 basis points, so good progress on margin expansion in Snacks, with more to come. Our second priority was to shift our investment to the brands that could give us the strongest growth. This is represented on Slide 15. To optimize our return on investment, we concentrated our spend behind our best brands. In Crackers, we're investing behind our big three, Cheez-It, Club and Town House. All three of these brands grew consumption in Q2 and year-to-date. Collectively, they are also gaining share in Q2 and year-to-date. Pringles grew consumption nearly 3% year-to-date. Our core four flavors where we're putting the most emphasis on the shelf, increased consumption 9% year-to-date. And our single-serve offerings have grown at a double-digit rate. So as we get past some phased-out non-core items in the second half, you'll see accelerated growth for us in Salty Snacks. In Cookies, we've turned on media, for the first time in years, on the Keebler brand, introducing a whole new generation to the elves in the hollow tree. It's early days, but the Keebler brand turned to consumption growth in Q2. In Wholesome Snacks, Rice Krispies Treats grew consumption by 4.5% in the quarter and Nutri-Grain grew consumption by more than 5%. This means that two-thirds of our wholesome portfolio delivered healthy growth in Q2. Focusing our investment on our growth brands is a key element of our plan this year, and we're seeing good results. Slide 16 talks about our third priority, expanding our On-the-Go offerings and distribution. We know consumers are snacking more and on more occasions, but we've been missing out on many of these occasions by not having the right pack format in the right channel. This has been a key area of focus for us in 2016. We're expanding formats or pack types across channels to better meet consumers' needs. We've expanded our line of smaller size and single-serve offerings. We've gained distribution. And we've even added capacity, where needed, as with Pringles Snack Stacks and small cans. An example of this is our crackers and cookies caddies or our multi-pack of single-serve items. They have grown consumption year-to-date by 10%, accelerating in the latest four weeks. Similarly, our Pringles On-the-Go products are up double digits. As we launch these new formats, we're swapping out less relevant SKUs to ensure a more proactive approach to portfolio management. This will result in the in-market data looking a bit mixed today, but improving in the second half. This is a big growth opportunity for us, and we are encouraged by the results. The final priority we discussed with you at Day at K is stabilizing Special K, represented on Slide 17. We discussed how the shift in weight management trends have had a negative impact on Special K and how that, more than anything else, has pulled down our sales over the past few years. So taking a page from the Cereal playbook, we're overhauling Special K Snacks portfolio to drive consumer relevance and reconsideration. We've done a lot of work over the last year renovating some of the Special K SKUs and launching on-trend foods like Special K Nourish Chewy Nut Bars, and we're seeing positive results. Our Nourish bars are 80% incremental to the Special K bars line and, importantly, their velocities in Q2 were three times greater than the rest of the Special K bar (23:12) portfolio. So when we get the food right, this brand can grow. The challenge is that there are food forms in this brand that are simply not as well aligned to how our consumers are eating today. That's why in Q2, consumption for certain lines of Special K declined at a double-digit rate. Stabilizing Special K is mission-critical for us. In 2017, we will make a more aggressive portfolio change to the Special K brand, but we expect to continue experiencing some drag from Special K in the second half of 2016. So I'll use our Q2 and rest of year outlook as a summary of everything we've discussed, and that's on Slide 18. We're improving our profit margins in this business. We saw that in our Q2 results, and we should continue to see profitability improvement in the second half. Our most important brands are growing and we'll continue to invest in these brands in the second half. We still have drags on our top line, most notably, Special K, but we anticipate less of a drag in the second half. In Q2, we also felt the impact of some timing-related factors from shifting promotion in addition to the completion of our DSD reorganization. But that is behind us and we've already starting to see signs of improved effectiveness. So we have a lot of work going on in U.S. Snacks. In the first half of this year, we have improved our profit margins and grown our focused brands, even as we address the drags from Special K in our non-core portions of this portfolio. This gives us the confidence that we will see improved results in the second half. And with that, I'll turn it back over to John.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Deanie. Let's turn to Slide 19 and walk through our business segments' Q2 performance and full-year outlook. In U.S. Morning Foods, like Snacks, our margin expansion efforts are clearly bearing fruit. Project K savings and ZBB efficiencies contributed to an expansion in operating profit margin of nearly four points, an acceleration from Q1's strong performance. In Cereal, the category came back to flat after down Q1, which is encouraging. Our share was off slightly in the quarter, mainly due to the timing of commercial activity, with our core six brands held firm and remain up in share year-to-date. Toaster pastries, meanwhile, continue to perform well, growing consumption by 5%, with food contribution from the new soda flavors. As we look to the second half of the year, we continue to expect improvement in top-line performance, particularly timing of promotions like the Olympics. We feel good about our business and strong profit margin expansion should continue to drive profit growth. U.S. Specialty Channels is shown on Slide 20. The segment posted another quarter of growth in sales, profit and profit margins in Q2. In Foodservice, we sustained strong growth in Cereal, Crackers, Veggie and Wholesome Snacks; all categories with leading shares. In Convenience, we gained share in Cereal, Salty Snacks and Crackers. Innovation continues to perform well, and we feel good about the momentum we have in our business. We also feel good about our profit margin performance, which continued in Q2. Good price realization and the early benefits of Zero-Based Budgeting are resulting in improved profitability. We expect this to continue in the second half. Rounding out North America on Slide 21 is our North America Other segment. During Q2, our North America Other segment posted the lowest sales and profit, as each of its component businesses progressed through transitions. U.S. Frozen Foods is an example of a portfolio in transition as we have reshaped the portfolio for Eggo and transitioned to new packaging across the entire MorningStar Farms line. Even as we made these major moves, this business posted improvement in profit margins, driven by Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting. Kashi is also amidst a major overhaul of its portfolio. We are investing heavily in our food. During the quarter, we completed an overhaul of our portfolio, making every product non-GMO verified. We also launched several new products; in fact, we believe this was the most innovation launched in Kashi's history. And finally, we redesigned our packaging across our Kashi portfolio. In Canada, we leaned into price realization in order to cover the transactional currency impact on our cost of goods. This caused some elasticity impact on consumption in the quarter, but it will help us better offset our adverse cost going forward. The good news is that we continue to see share gains in our renovated and repositioned Special K. So the North America Other segment is clearly in transition, but we expect to see gradual improvement in sales and profit margins in the second half. Turning to Slide 22 and Europe, we've been expecting sequential improvement in sales and profit in Europe. We saw that in Q2. Sales were flat following Q1's slight decline, and our operating profit margin expansion led to better profit growth. We are extremely pleased with our Pringles business, which grew at a double-digit rate. Wholesome Snacks also had another good quarter, growing in a mid-single digit rate, led by the U.K.'s 5.5% consumption growth and broad-based improvement in trends in most markets. Cereal, though, was disappointing in Q2, mainly in the U.K. The category there remains very soft in a difficult economic and retail environment, and we lost share. Management worked (28:48) to reposition and renovate Special K. Our efforts to renovate Special K's food and new inner strength positioning are ongoing. And while new Nourish is doing well, this recovery may take some time. The good news is that in our other cereal markets, including France, Benelux, (29:08) Southern Europe and Northern Europe, we did see sequential improvement and we continue to generate double-digit growth in Russia. As we look to the second half, we continue to expect sequential improvement in Europe in sales and profit, which will require progress in stabilizing U.K. Cereal. We have plans in place to address this, including an exciting Olympics program and the inner strength campaign for Special K in the U.K. and big back-to-school insert programs across the region. And, of course, we'll continue to improve our profit margins across Europe. Slide 23 highlights the performance in our Latin American business in the second quarter. We continue to manage well through a difficult business environment. Obviously, Venezuela presents a unique set of challenges and we're managing that well. We're also operating in a challenging economic environment throughout the region. We're working through these challenges. And in Q2, we realized sequential improvement in sales and profit. Our consumption performance, particularly in Cereal, remained solid, with good growth in Mexico and share gains in key markets like Brazil and Colombia. Our Cocoa America soccer (31:13) promotion did well. And innovations like Special K Protein Cereal are helping to stabilize that key brand. We are realizing price across the region, particularly as we cope with adverse transactional foreign exchange. And while we saw initial price elasticity impact on volumes in Q2, it should help sales and profit in the second half. It's never easy in Latin America, but the team there is managing through the volatility and should see sales and profit growth in the second half. Let's look at Slide 24 in our Asia Pacific business. Our Q2 net sales growth accelerated from Q1 and increased our operating profit margin as well. Our Australia business continued to improve, posting slight sales growth in Cereal in the quarter. Of note has been the turnaround in our biggest cereal brand in Australia, Nutri-Grain. In fact, across the entire Cereal portfolio, we improved the penetration and gained share in the quarter. In Asia, growth was led by distribution gains in Southeast Asia and strong commercial activation in Korea. Our business in Sub-Saharan Africa continued to outpace the cereal category. Pringles in Asia Pacific grew at a high single-digit rate in Q2, accelerating from Q1. It's important not to overlook our joint ventures. The results are not consolidated into reported results, but they represent a key element to our emerging markets growth strategy. On a pro forma basis, if they were included in Asia Pacific's net sales, our growth in Q2 would've been nearly 12% year-on-year. We're generating double-digit growth in China, led by granola cereals and our West Africa JV also posted strong double-digit growth, in spite of a challenging macroeconomic environment. We expect continued growth in Asia Pacific in the second half, with added growth from our JVs. And now, let's wrap up our prepared remarks with a quick summary on Slide 25. Regarding Q2, we continue to make progress on our key priorities for this year, investing in our food, expanding Pringles, enhancing our sales capabilities and executing our savings initiatives. And we're seeing stabilization in key cereal markets like the U.S., Canada and Australia. And reflecting a greater focus on profit margins, we're improving our productivity initiatives and posted earnings that were slightly better than our expectations. As for our 2016 outlook, on a currency-neutral comparable basis, our earnings outlook improves on the strength of inflationary Venezuela, but, just as importantly, our operating profit outlook, excluding Venezuela, now looks to come in at the higher end of our guidance range, reflecting the rapid expansion of our ZBB effort. And on our longer-term outlook, new initiatives and accelerated programs are giving us better visibility into how we can improve our profitability going forward. This is going to boost our profit margins, even as we reshape our portfolio to better align with today's consumer as we continue to expand our footprint in growing markets around the world. We'll have more to share on this in coming months. I'd also like to take this opportunity to thank our employees around the world for their dedicated service to our company. With that, let's open up the line for Q&A.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. John, I'd like to ask about the changes underway in the DSD system. As that delivery sales force reorganization concludes, how are you thinking, going forward, assessing the opportunities for further efficiencies in that route to market, either personnel or overhead related? And maybe where can you better leverage DSD for that increased distribution in Snacks that Deanie discussed?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: As I said on DSD, obviously, it's a powerful go-to-market engine. It's one that we constantly look to optimize and improve. Over the years, we've taken things in and out of DSD and we're always looking to make that system more effective and efficient. So we've seen some good progress. We're very excited to have the reorganization behind us. We expect to see the business be stronger in the back half of the year. We're making good progress.
Adrienne Deanie Elsner - President, U.S. Snacks: Just to add to that, John, as I talked about the price/pack architecture and specifically the expansion in formats, we have the opportunity in our current grocery channels, that are serviced by DSD, to expand the formats in those channels as well as outside of the traditional grocery channels. And so we will be pushing those initiatives into our DSD system.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Is that more of a back half focus or more 2017?
Adrienne Deanie Elsner - President, U.S. Snacks: You'll see us expanding as early as we speak, back half now.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the question, as well. I wanted to just ask about the revised margin targets. So you're on track to deliver $200 million plus in incremental cost savings this year. And with the ZBB, I think you had around $550 million in total. So even if we assume some incremental savings on international ZBB, right now, the formal cost savings seem to give you visibility to about half to two-thirds of the margin that you're targeting, if that all kind of flows through to the bottom line. So can you just talk about the other factors that you've mentioned, like improving mix, revenue management, how those bridge the gap to get you to the 18% target? And are you comfortable that there is enough margin for error in your model and in your cost savings pipeline that you can definitely reach that target, even in the event of weaker volumes or higher inflation?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, Matthew. In short, yes, we are. And let me just run through some of the elements of that 350 basis points of margin expansion. And remember, that's off of a 2015 base. And it's also important to note that, that expansion is based on essentially a flat sales expectation. So, of course, we have a continuation of Project K savings and we've talked about this before. As we look at 2017, 2018, we have in the range of $130 million to $150 million worth of savings. Our Zero-Based Budgeting program, we communicated for 2016, $150 million to $180 million. We now have visibility for both North America and our international businesses, of savings over that period of $450 million to $500 million. So that's over a three-year period, 2016 through 2018. The other thing, as we discussed we're doing, is we're putting a more concerted effort behind revenue growth management, to generate stronger price and mix improvement. So we have very good line of sight to achieve that margin expansion goal on essentially a flat sales expectation. Of course, our goal would be to do a little bit better on sales. If we do, then 18%, the 350 basis points expansion is not a ceiling. It's a target or a goal at this point in time, and we have a strong plan and good visibility to get there.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, Ron.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Larson with Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yes, this is a question for John. In the early part of your prepared comments, it's kind of a little bit of a tag on the last question, your new marketing model, and I think that you said that it might result in less reinvestment, does that mean that your advertising spending as a percent of sales, which is running roughly about 8% – I think it's amongst the highest in the industry – will that percentage come down over time a little bit? And will actual dollars in advertising ease as you become more efficient? How should we look at that?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's a good question. As we think about brand-building it's an important part of our mix. What drives our categories are strong brands, strong innovation, good in-market in-store execution. And as we continue to have industry-leading levels of brand-building and we continue to invest in our brands, how we invest in the brands is obviously changing, so the importance of TV versus digital, social, mobile, etc. all that is changing the mix. As we do that and we apply Zero-Based Budgeting to our principles to that work, we're finding: one, we can do some of the non-working activity at a lower cost without impacting the amount of activity that we actually do; and secondly, by changing the mix, we can actually get a better impact and potentially at lower cost. So I'm not going to give you guidance over the next few years as to where brand-building will go, but I think it's fair to say that we probably can see our brand-building come down a little bit from where it is and continue to drive very strong brands into the future.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then, just a tag-on question for Ron and then I'll pass it over, but sort of your new margin target goal for 2018, does it include any additional cash investment? Or is this just a better outlook for all the programs that you already have in place, i.e. Project K and ZBB, is there cash impact?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So our Project K is on track at this point in time. And it's on track both from an investment and a savings standpoint, so there are no additional cash requirements for us to achieve this margin goal.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yep.
Operator: The next question comes from Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the question.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I just wanted to ask a little bit more on the revenue management initiatives that you have in place. Can you give a little bit more detail on what exactly that entails or at least the detail you can provide now over the next couple of years? And what the type of volume elasticity that you're looking at relative to some of the pricing and productivity changes you plan on making?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, so we are launching a greater focus on revenue growth management in the company. As you'd expect, we've always had a focus on it, but what we've historically focused on, a lot has been trade analytics. And we're finding there's opportunities in some other areas, such as price/pack architecture, and, of course, continue to drive a focus on mix. And for those of you who followed the Kellogg Company through the 2000s, we had a significant benefit in price realization in what we called a volume-to-value model orientation. We're actually bringing that orientation back to the company to ensure that we are focused on price/mix. Our price/mix realization as a company has actually been lagging our peer group over the last few years. And so, I don't view this as a radical shift. I view this is an increased focused in this area. And I really want to see better performance from the company going forward. To give you an example, since we have Deanie on the call, I'll let Deanie talk about one example in the Snacks business.
Adrienne Deanie Elsner - President, U.S. Snacks: Yeah, and John is exactly right. The opportunity for Kellogg is greater price realization across all three levers of revenue growth management. So I mentioned earlier the Cheez-It example. And in Cheez-It, we assessed our portfolio pricing across all of our channels. We expanded our formats to meet the needs of consumers by channel and that included large sizes and On-the-Go and smaller sizes, in addition to opening price points. The format's changed by channel. We optimized our trade and that gets really to the trade optimization that John talked about, is a towering strength of Kellogg's and the results and you can see them in Q2, consumption is up 5.4%. We've had strong volume mix. Our base sales are up. Our distribution is up and our operating margin has expanded. And so when you look at revenue growth management holistically and in totality across all three levers, there really is strong opportunity for the Kellogg Company going forward.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just had a question, if I could, and forgive me if I missed this earlier, but have you said how much the total cost savings will be in fiscal 2016, so adding international, the ZBB? How much more is that contributing to your available cost savings this year?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, good point, Chris. So when we started the year, we said we had about $100 million worth of Project K savings. We're still on track to deliver against that. And we said from a ZBB savings standpoint, we expected about $100 million of ZBB savings. We are now at a range of $150 million to $180 million worth of Zero-Based Budgeting savings. So that's allowed us to cover sales coming down to the low end of the 0% to 2% range and increase our operating profit guidance to the high-end of the 4% to 6% range all ex-Venezuela.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And just kind of related to that, as I listen to the commentary about more savings and the focus on margin, I think that's great. I guess what I'm trying to understand is, as you have more savings coming through, or, I should say, as you better focus on margin, does that allow you to also reinvest to generate better top-line growth? So are there more savings coming through that are allowing you to reinvest and to pursue a top-line growth target along with the margin target or could you speak to that maybe over the next couple years?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So we are continuing to reinvest back in our business, as you mentioned. We've invested back in our sales capabilities. We're also investing back in our food. I think Kashi is an example of investing to go non-GMO is a major investment by the company. And so we'll continue to ensure our food and packaging is on-trend as we go forward. And so there will continue to be investments in that area. So as part of our margin goal, we do have an expectation to reinvest some level of savings back into the business. We are giving a sales guidance here over next couple of years of flat, and that's less than what we would normally do. A couple of reasons for that; one is what we're seeing is from an economic model perspective, from an analyst perspective, if you put in flat sales and the 350 basis points of margin expansion, we think it's a good way of modeling the company. Quite frankly, we will shoot to do better than that and actually grow the top-line from an internal perspective, but we're not relying upon that to get to the operating margin expansion. The margin expansion is coming more from productivity and price/mix realization rather than, say, volume-type growth. In addition to all of that, as we go through the next few years, we might see some elasticity as we improve the price realization. And we might see some parts of the portfolio that is lower profit, that we de-emphasize as we continue to grow other parts of our business, such as Pringles, which has been growing mid to high single digits the last couple of years.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for that color.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, Ron. I was hoping you could help me on one thing that you mentioned. When you said $150 million to $180 million of ZBB this year, I think in the same breath you also said $450 million to $500 million over three years? And I was just wondering. Did I get that right? And if so, does that assume that there's no improvement in 2017 and 2018 on those ZBB savings; that it's kind of like a one-time help and then you just hold onto it each year? Thanks.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, Rob, we have $150 million to $180 million visibility in 2016 and then that will build over 2017 and into 2018 to a run rate of $450 million to $500 million. The other thing that I'd point out, so that savings in ZBB...
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, that's on top of Project K. That's on top of our base productivity savings as well, Rob. So we have a lot of productivity savings coming through our P&L.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. So it's not a cumulative number. It does built each year, which is very different from what I thought. So can you give me a sense of what gives you confidence that it can build to that degree? Is it rolling out in different functions of the organization and geographies? And then what percent of those functions and geographies do think it's in right now?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So it's certainly in North America. And we have line of sight year-by-year. Rob, some of the things are very easy to change and to get the cost savings. There are other things, within supply chain and other areas of our business, that take a little bit more time to recognize the savings. So we're certainly doing it as quickly as we can. In terms of the rollout through the international regions, certainly our Europe and our Latin America business are well underway. And we're getting some of those savings end of 2016 related to them. Asia Pacific, we'll see more of that savings coming into 2017. But international overall has a stronger tranche of savings in 2017, whereas North America, their savings really was ramping up here through 2016.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Can I ask if Kashi is going to go through this process?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Kashi has been involved in the process throughout 2016 as part of the North America implementation, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Thank you.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Dave Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks a lot. Good morning.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Dave.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Morning.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): John, wanted to go back to this sales comment that you're making about 2017 and 2018 and the flat numbers. I want to say that back at analyst day, there was a lot of energy about rebuilding the top-line momentum and getting the company back on revenue growth. You've made repeated comments about the operating leverage that revenue delivers to the business model. So, you've made a couple of comments here, but I'd just like to push it a little further. Is it you're just trying to set up some kind of super reasonable expectation going forward, i.e. a very achievable numbers at this early date? Or is there something about all the growth plans and reinvigorating Cereal and Kashi and all those things that you just have less confidence in and says, hey, let's take this down to a zero-growth expectation.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you for giving the opportunity to clarify if that's a concern out there. I feel very good about the progress we're making on the top line. If you look back over the last three or four years, we've talked about the importance of stabilizing the large four core cereal businesses. I'm happy to say that if you look at the U.S., Canada and Australia, if you look at the measured data, you can see the categories are stable and our share is stable across those three businesses. The U.K. continues to be a work in progress. That's one we're not happy with its performance, but we expect to see improving results in the back half of the year in the U.K. So core Cereal is looking a lot better than it was, say, a couple years ago. Special K has been a major drag. In fact, pretty much all the loss of sales the company has had over the last few years has been Special K. And what you're seeing in markets like Canada and the U.S., particularly in Cereal, that business has stabilized. And we've still got some work to do in some snacks, extensions of Special K, but we're feeling better there. And so we do think that the growth from Pringles and so on will keep coming through. An element of why we're being cautious and saying flat sales again, is because, one, we're being, I think, prudent from a modeling perspective. And clearly, if we can get sales growth, it will give us even more flexibility in the P&L. So one, I think we're trying to avoid overstating expectations, over-cooking expectations, so we're being prudent on the economics. And secondly, as we do drive for more price realization, as we do deemphasize some lower profit elements of the portfolio, we might see some drag on the top-line, but it's a drag that I wouldn't be concerned about, because we're building a stronger core business over time with a better growth profile. So I think we're just giving prudent guidance at this stage.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Could I just sneak one in for Deanie? Your largest competitor was complaining of higher trade and promo spending by the competition. Can you discuss your view on promo spending and how rational it is right now in your big categories?
Adrienne Deanie Elsner - President, U.S. Snacks: Yeah, I'd love to, Dave. It's never productive to comment on competitors, but I'll give you a perspective of how we are looking at the category. For me, the category dynamics appear pretty rational. If you look both across Cookies and Crackers, both categories are up in consumption. Average price is up in both categories, both on a per pound basis as well as a per unit basis. Quality merchandising is flat. Features and displays are up, displays are down. (51:32) So it's pretty rational of what you'd expect; it is more competitive. And I can tell you as we look at this from a Kellogg standpoint, our pricing is very similar to what we're seeing in the category. Our price per pound and per unit, both in cookies and crackers, are up versus year ago in the quarter, but ultimately in the long run to win in this category, you have to do three things. You've got to invest in your brands. You've got to launch innovation consumers' love and you have to drive in-store excitement. And so we're going to continue down our playbook in terms of how to go win in this category. And you'll see us doing that both in Cookies on Keebler as well as a couple of our regional brands as well as in the big three in Crackers.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Can we ask about the ramp up in your cost-cutting efforts? They've obviously accelerated for the near-term here. If I compare that to the $1 billion challenge where there were execution problems through that cost-cutting program, issues of morale, cultural upheaval, what's different? How are you thinking about making sure you learned lessons from that experience to make sure that this time it's smooth sailing? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: This is Ron, Alexia. So when you look at Project K, and we've discussed this before with analysts and investors, it's very different than that $1 billion challenge. Where we took capacity out of our network, we were actually closing down facilities. That previous $1 billion challenge, we were simply taking people out of the organization and asking the organization to do the same with less people. That was a bit harder for them to accomplish. So we feel good about Project K and the integrity of our infrastructure as a result of the actions we're taking there. Zero-Based Budgeting, it's really just a refreshing way to look at our cost structure and ensure that the investments that we have are prioritized and aligned with our strategy, so it's nothing more than that. We're being very thoughtful on how we take costs out of our business and make sure that the investments we're making are aligned with our priorities and strategy.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
John P. Renwick, IV - Vice President, Investor Relations & Competitor Analysis, Kellogg Co.: Gary, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: The last question will come from Michael Lavery with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Morning. Thank you.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: You touched on Kashi and its sharing in some of the savings efforts, but obviously there's investments there, too, and that Other segment margins are still down. Can you give us a sense of what that trajectory looks like? And should we expect those margins to increase over the back half or is there some other investments still to come we should be factoring in?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On Kashi, we feel very good about where we are from an investment perspective. So now we have the entire portfolio GMO-free, we can turn the marketing program on in the back half of the year. We had a very strong slate of innovation go through here at the middle of the year, so we expect to see Kashi return to growth in the back half of the year. Now, there are some parts of the Kashi business, some frozen pizza items and some other items, that we've culled out of the portfolio, so that might continue to drag on the business, but they were relatively low margin segments of the portfolio anyway. So we feel good about where we are in Kashi in terms of positioning it for long-term growth. If I could just say on K and the Other (55:14) because that is a part of the portfolio that did drag in the second quarter, so a few quick comments more broadly on that segment. Three businesses in there, one is Frozen Foods. In Frozen Foods, Eggo is actually doing reasonably well when you add in non-measured channels. MorningStar Farms has gone through a very difficult packaging transition. That's now complete; turning on the marketing in the back half of the year for that business. And also we did cull out some SKUs on the Eggo business at the end of last year. So when you add all that together, it's had a bit of a rough first half. We do expect Frozen Foods to return to growth in the second half of the year. Canada, we had significant transactional foreign exchange issues in Canada. We've increased our promotional price points. That's going to lead to some disruption in the market as that sort of settles it's way in. So I think Canada will have a tough year. It's the right long-term decision, but it's going to come with a little bit of short-term pain as we go through that. And then Kashi, as I said, we do expect Kashi to return to growth in the back half of the year and feel better about it. So in the back half of the year, we have two of the three businesses within North America Other returning to growth. And we think that the segment will look better in the back half than the front half.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And can I just add one quick last follow-up? On the flat sales expectation, can you give any sense of what the split might be between volume and price/mix?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. Look, we haven't given that sort of guidance. I think we'll wait until each annual discussion when we provide more color as to why it is what it is. But clearly, within a flat sales guidance, you would expect volume to be down a little bit and price/mix providing some benefit. And again, let me reiterate, internally, we'll chase better numbers than that, but we don't want to promise those numbers. Clearly, we want to deliver them, though, when the time comes.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: (57:10)
John P. Renwick, IV - Vice President, Investor Relations & Competitor Analysis, Kellogg Co.: That went faster. We can do one more.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just two quick questions, one is when you talk about the flat line growth over the long term, can you segment it between how you're seeing about the U.S. because it seems like there's a lot more activity in the U.S. Would you expect that to be ahead of the rest of the world, just given the activity? And then my second question is when you think about the margin expansion of the 350 basis points, that does include this year's benefit of Venezuela or does that not?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me answer the sales question and I'll hand over to Ron to answer the margin question. On sales, I'd say the heavy lifting on margin expansion is going to be more in North America and Europe, just given the size of those businesses. And I would expect those businesses to be slightly lower in growth than the portfolio average, with more growth coming from Latin America and Asia Pacific. So I would say, again, flat is a range. Flat is not 0.0%. So I would hope that even those two big businesses can be in the flat ballpark in terms of top-line growth. But I wouldn't point out that I expect them to grow faster, say, than the portfolio average. Ron, you want to talk about the margin goal?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Ken, the way I think about the margin growth, so it's off of a 2015 base and I would look at it on an ex-Venezuela business. Venezuela is just distorting mainly the 2016 results, but I think about that growth on an ex-Venezuela basis.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
John P. Renwick, IV - Vice President, Investor Relations & Competitor Analysis, Kellogg Co.: All right, Gary, I think we're finally out of time.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, everyone. I appreciate the time on the call and John Renwick and the team are available for follow-up calls throughout the day. Thank you.
John P. Renwick, IV - Vice President, Investor Relations & Competitor Analysis, Kellogg Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon D. Burton, CFA - Vice President-Investor Relations John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Paul T. Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America, Kellogg Co.
Analysts: David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Thank you. At this time, I will turn the call over to Simon Burton, Vice President of Investor Relations for Kellogg Company. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference call.
Simon D. Burton, CFA - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Gary. Good morning and thanks, everyone, for joining us today for a review of our first quarter 2016 results. I'm joined here by John Bryant, Chairman and CEO; Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer; and Paul Norman, President of Kellogg North America. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, May 9. And the call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And now, I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Before I start, I'd like to announce that Simon will be moving into a new role in the business. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank him for all his contributions over the years in Investor Relations. He's done a tremendous job. To backfill Simon, we've asked John Renwick, who many of you already know, to come back to Investor Relations. John has 16 years of experience with Kellogg, including stints not only in Investor Relations, but also business unit CFO roles in both the U.S. and international regions. And before coming to Kellogg, John was a sell-side analyst covering the packaged food industry. So he brings great experience that will enable us to sustain a strong Investor Relations program. So thank you, Simon. And welcome, John. Turning to the business, we are pleased to report a good start to the year, with operating profit and earnings exceeding our expectations in the first quarter. Earlier pricing actions in Venezuela certainly gave our results a boost, but, even excluding Venezuela, our profit came in better than anticipated. Net sales, excluding Venezuela, came in slightly below our expectations, but, even where we came up short, we can point to specific factors that we don't consider to be ongoing. For example, first, in U.S. Snacks, we underwent a major reorganization of our DSD sales force, changing thousands of employees' roles, managers, zones and customers. And this impacted our display activity in Q1 and into Q2, but it was the right thing to do. And when everyone settles into their new roles, we should see improved selling and merchandising effectiveness. Second, in European Cereal, sales were soft in Q1. We think this is largely the consequence of timing of investment. Our innovation came in midway through the quarter, and we have our big events, such as tie-ins with Euro Soccer and Olympics, coming this summer. And finally, in businesses like Eggo and MorningStar Farms, we made portfolio changes and product transitions that weighed down short-term results. Those should lead to better performance as the year goes on. Like I said, these are all factors that should prove to be temporary, and we expect to see gradual improvement as the year progresses. Q1 featured some very tangible signs of progress and clear evidence of sustainable improvement in results. Our U.S. Cereal business continued to gain share, reflecting the benefits of investing in our food and Kellogg sales reps. Our Big Three U.S. Cracker brands collectively grew sales, consumption and share. We generated growth in our Pringles brand in all four regions, reflecting our expansion of that brand's portfolio and presence around the world. Our business in Asia grew currency-neutral comparable net sales at a high single-digit rate, reflecting our commitment to emerging markets. And our joint ventures, though not consolidated in our net sales results, also provided excellent emerging markets growth. Meanwhile, Project K and zero-based budgeting initiatives, in conjunction with our underlying productivity initiatives, delivered strong efficiencies that contributed to a higher operating profit margin, so there's a lot to be encouraged about in Q1. Let's talk briefly about where this leaves us for the full year. Ron will get into the specifics of our guidance in a moment, but here's how I would summarize our outlook on a currency-neutral comparable basis. Our outlook for operating profit and earnings per share, excluding Venezuela, has not changed. We are on track. Including Venezuela, our outlook actually improves for sales, profit and earnings, owing to an earlier impact from inflationary pricing actions. We'll see a little more of our net sales growth coming from Venezuela, due to the pricing, and a little less from the rest of the business, which we now believe will finish the year with 0% to 2% net sales growth, excluding Venezuela. But remember, as the short-term factors I mentioned earlier get behind us, we continue to expect to build momentum as we go through the year. And with that, let me turn it to Ron for more details on the financials.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, John, and good morning. Slide four shows highlights of the financial results for the first quarter. First quarter currency-neutral comparable net sales increased by 6.6%. Like last quarter, these results included the impact of pricing actions in Venezuela. Total currency-neutral comparable net sales, excluding the impact of Venezuela, declined by 1%. First quarter currency-neutral comparable operating profit increased by 34.9%, also including the impact of Venezuela pricing. Currency-neutral comparable operating profit, excluding the impact of Venezuela, increased nearly 2% and exceeded our expectations. Reported operating profit for the first quarter was $438 million, including the impact of mark-to-market accounting, Project K upfront costs and the currency remeasurement to the Venezuelan business. You will see more detail regarding items affecting comparability in the appendices to this presentation. Comparable earnings were $0.97 per share in the quarter, which exceeded our expectations due to operating profit performance. This included $0.36 of currency headwind, $0.34 of which was due to the mid-2015 currency remeasurement in Venezuela. As a result, currency-neutral comparable earnings were $1.33 per share, which represented a year-over-year increase of 36% and which was above our original expectations. It's worth noting that the currency remeasurement to the Venezuelan business occurred at the end of the second quarter 2015. So this large year-on-year impact from currencies will continue through the second quarter of this year. Now, let's turn to the slide five and the drivers of the first quarter sales. Volume declined slightly in the quarter, including a few factors that are temporary, as John mentioned. These included a sales force transition in U.S. Snacks, trade inventory reductions in markets like Mexico and product calls and transitions in U.S. Frozen Foods. These factors masked good volume growth in our U.S. Specialty Channels, our Asian Cereal business and our International Snacks businesses, led by Pringles. Price/mix contributed 7.3% to sales growth, largely due to the impact of pricing in Venezuela. Price/mix, excluding the impact of Venezuela, declined slightly by 0.4%, largely a result of the difficult economic environment in Europe. And finally, you can see on the chart that the impact of foreign exchange lowered reported sales growth by almost 12% in the quarter, with 10 points of that impact coming from Venezuela. Slide six shows the currency-neutral comparable gross profit and gross margin for the quarter. Currency-neutral comparable gross margin increased by 210 basis points in the first quarter, including the impact of significant and earlier pricing actions to cover inflation in our Venezuela business. Excluding the impact of Venezuela, our gross margin decreased by 20 basis points, reflecting the investments we're making in our food and packaging around the world, as well as some headwinds from transactional currencies. We also experienced the impact of some category and channel mix in the quarter, but we should see this reverse a bit as our sales trends improve in certain categories and markets as the year progresses. We still expect that gross margin, excluding Venezuela, will improve for the full year as we experience positive contributions from Project K, our zero-based budgeting initiative and net deflation in input costs. Slide seven shows the regional operating profit performance for the first quarter. Currency-neutral comparable operating profit in North America increased by 8%. This was due to gross margin growth and lower SG&A, driven by Project K savings, the zero-based budgeting initiative and lower net input costs. In Europe, first quarter operating profit increased by 1%, building on difficult comparisons last year. This year's performance was the result of the timing of brand investment to support commercial programs and innovation, which was partially offset by the lower impact of sales. We were also lapping difficult comparisons in Latin America, although operating profit increased by 329%, due to the impact of pricing in Venezuela. Excluding the impact of Venezuela, operating profit decreased by 27%, due to the impact of lower volume driven by trade inventory reductions, as well as inflation we saw in cost of goods sold. Asia Pacific's operating profit decreased by 6% in the quarter, and this included increased levels of investment in capabilities to support growth, as well as transactional currency impacts. It's important to note that our Project K and zero-based budgeting initiatives remain on track. The North America business realized savings from zero-based budgeting in line with our plan. And our international regions are making good progress assessing their spending and developing their goals for late 2016 and beyond. Slide eight details cash flow for the first quarter. Our first quarter cash flow included the impact of a bond tender offer completed during the quarter. This lowered cash flow by approximately $145 million, although it's important to note that we get a cash tax benefit in the second quarter, so the net cash impact of the tender will be around $95 million. Even with the impact of the bond tender, we are still on track to deliver the $1.1 billion of full year operating cash flow after capital expenditures that we targeted initially. And finally, our board recently approved a 4% increase in the dividend, which will bring our payout ratio slightly above 50%, and we remain committed to returning cash to our shareowners. Slide nine shows our low levels of core working capital as a percentage of net sales. And as you can see, we reached 5.6% in the first quarter. This improvement was again driven by the accounts payable initiative that has been benefiting our working capital over the last year. And importantly, we have plans to improve this metric further in the periods to come. Now, let's turn to slide 10 and our full year earnings per share walk. As you can see, there is no change in our comparable earnings per share, which remains a range of $3.64 to $3.71. What has changed is our currency-neutral comparable earnings per share, which increases to $4.00 to $4.07 per share, a year-on-year growth rate of 13% to 15%. And this is because of the impact of earlier pricing actions in Venezuela. In the slide, this is depicted in the walk from currency-neutral to comparable, with Venezuela's currency impact going to $0.30 per share from a previous estimate of $0.04 per share. Obviously, Venezuela is a volatile market, so this estimate could change, but as a reminder, our guidance for comparable earnings per share remains unchanged at $3.64 to $3.71. Pre-tax upfront costs remain consistent with our original guidance of between $200 million and $250 million, or approximately $0.40 to $0.50 per share, about half of which should be in cost of goods sold. And full year integration costs are still anticipated to be between $0.02 and $0.03 per share. Slide 11 adds net sales and operating profit, showing everything on a currency-neutral comparable basis and giving you a sense of what our outlook looks like with and without Venezuela. On this basis, including Venezuela, our guidance for net sales and operating profit, just like our earnings per share, moves higher. Specifically, currency-neutral comparable operating profit growth goes to 11% to 13% from our previous estimate of 4% to 6%. And currency-neutral comparable net sales growth goes to 4% to 6% from our previous estimate of 1% to 3%. The makeup of our net sales outlook changes with more growth coming from Venezuela and a little less from the rest of the business. We are toning down our outlook outside Venezuela because of some of the first half factors that we've already mentioned, such as the sales force transition in Snacks, product transitions in Frozen Foods and market conditions in Europe and Latin America. The good news is that we still expect the business to build momentum throughout the year. But the result of a trimmed down first half sales growth estimate is that we now expect full year comparable sales growth, excluding Venezuela, to be more like 0% to 2% instead of 1% to 3%. Looking into other assumptions, we continue to expect improved gross margin for the year. We expect that input costs will be net deflationary, and that savings from Project K and zero-based budgeting will contribute to the margin improvement. As was the case previously, our margin guidance excludes the impact of Venezuela, given the inflation-driven pricing increases there and volatility in the market. Incremental savings from Project K are still expected to be approximately $100 million for the full year, approximately 75% to 80% of which will come in cost of goods sold. Savings through zero-based budgeting are still expected to be roughly $100 million, spread between cost of goods sold, brand building and overhead. Comparable interest expense should be in a range between $235 million and $245 million. Comparable tax rates should be between 27% and 28%. And we still expect to repurchase approximately $700 million to $750 million of shares in 2016, so no changes here. And we continue to expect that full year operating cash flow will be approximately $1.1 billion. Full year capital spending will be in a range between 4% and 5% of sales, including the investments we're making in Pringles growth and Project K. And remember, we said on the fourth quarter call, that our comparable earnings per share delivery would be spread relatively evenly across the quarters. This is changing, as we delivered slightly higher earnings per share in the first quarter than we anticipated, and this will likely come out in Q2, partially due to the timing of investments. And now, I'll turn it over to Paul for more detail regarding the North America operating segments.
Paul T. Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America, Kellogg Co.: Thank you, Ron. Good morning, everyone. Slide (sic) 12 is one I showed you at CAGNY earlier this year. As I mentioned then, our priority in North America is to return the business to profitable growth. And there are three key drivers of this transformation. We will accelerate the momentum behind advantaged brands in Cereal, Snacks and Frozen. We will transform the Veggie business and unlock the full potential of the Kashi Company. And we will expand margins while investing to grow, driven by our Project K and zero-based budgeting initiatives. As you'll hear over the next few minutes, we're making progress in all of these areas. Some may take longer to achieve than others, but we are confident we're on the right track and that we'll see continued improvement. Now, let's start with slide (sic) 13 and the U.S. Morning Foods business. Overall, we are pleased with the results in the first quarter, and we remain on track with our plan to return to growth in 2016. Our Core Six cereal brands, in combination, drove another quarter of share growth. Special K, Raisin Bran, Rice Krispies, Frosted Flakes and Mini-Wheats all gained or maintained share in the quarter. And Special K led the way, with good performance resulting from our redesigned messaging, product renovation and innovation. And as you know, we recently launched new Special K Nourish in the U.S. It's early, but we're encouraged by the initial acceptance. Our See You at Breakfast promotion in January and the Give a Child a Breakfast promotion in March both performed very well. We did see some volatility in consumption in the cereal category during the quarter and an impact from the timing of Easter at the end of the quarter. But if you look at more recent weeks' data, the category has picked up again and it's clearly better than it has been in recent years. We have confidence that our business will continue to improve in the coming quarters. Our share performance reflects the actions we took last year, and we've got more activity planned for the remainder of the year. In Q2, this includes two new Raisin Brand granolas and a Pixar's Finding Dory-themed cereal and promotion timed to coincide with the launch of the movie here in June. We also have our Olympic-themed activity coming in Q3 that also coincides with the timing of our big Back to School promotion. Turning to Pop-Tarts briefly, it's worth mentioning that the business posted a mid-single-digit increase in net sales and share gains in the quarter. As we look forward, we have great new products planned, including Orange Crush and A&W Root Beer flavors. We expect growth to continue for the full year. In summary, the Morning Foods business has made significant progress and will continue to improve. We've identified the issues that we needed to address. We've taken action, and we've started to see the benefits. The work isn't over, but we're committed to continuing the progress we've made so far over the balance of 2016 and 2017. Turning to U.S. Snacks and slide (sic) 14, our net sales decline in Q1 was a little more than we'd planned, really because of two factors. First, we reorganized our sales force, creating a more clearly defined roles for the selling, merchandising and support. This is going to drive more effective selling and merchandising, but we did see some disruption in our sales and display activity as we transitioned thousands of employees to new roles, zones and customers. This was most visible in Cookies and Crackers and it continued into the month of April, but will be behind us as we get through Q2. Second, our Wholesome Snacks business continued to decline in Q1. As we've discussed previously, this business remains our biggest challenge in Snacks, and we're still up against lost distribution, particularly from some prior years' innovations that simply haven't stuck. As you know, it's absolutely critical to get the food and the brand positioning right in this category. The good news is that Rice Krispie Treats have been a strong performer and its share was up again in Q1. And that we have several on-trend innovations and renovations launching here in the back half for all of our big Wholesome Snacks brands, such as Special K Protein Trail Mix bars, a new Nutri-Grain Pumpkin Spice variety and a couple of Cocoa Krispie treats, one including M&Ms. These give us reason to believe we can stabilize this business as the year progresses. Now in the meantime, let's not lose sight of what's working well in Snacks. Our Big Three brands in Crackers, Cheez-It, Town House and Club, together posted good growth in net sales, consumption and share, all led by accelerated base consumption in the quarter. This is where we have invested both in brand building and innovation, and it continues to pay off. We feel very good about our plans for the rest of the year in Crackers, including Cheez-It sandwich crackers and Club Snack Stacks launching mid-year. We also feel very good about our Pringles business. In Q1, it posted growth in net sales and consumption. In fact, we saw double-digit consumption gains for our core range, aided by efforts to improve assortment on shelf and increased brand building support. We also had double-digit consumption growth in our on-the-go formats business. We have more brand investment and exciting promotional events coming, giving us confidence in an accelerating growth trend for this brand year-to-go. While Cookies declined in Q1, it was probably the category most affected by our sales force reorganization. It was also held back by an investment plan that doesn't really get going until here in Q2. We are reinvesting in our core foods in the form of renovated products and packaging, new products and seasonal rotations. And importantly, we are returning to advertising behind Keebler after several years off air. So the plans are in place for a better performance ahead. We've still got work to do on Snacks for sure, but we are starting to see signs of the return to growth we expected this year. Growth will accelerate in Crackers and Pringles, with more brand investment, a focus on assortment and formats and exciting innovation coming here in the back half. We've got advertising coming on Cookies with the Keebler Elves returning. We'll get past this sales transition in Q2, and we've got much in the way of improved innovation that should start coming in Wholesome Snacks later in the year to turn that business as we go forward. So now, let's turn to slide (sic) 15, and the highlights of the U.S. Specialty segment. Our Specialty Channels business posted good mid-single-digit net sales growth in Q1, with net sales growth in all channels and a balance between price realization and volume growth. Leading the way was double-digit growth in the Convenience channel, which featured strong consumption and share growth in Cereal, Crackers, Rice Krispies Treats, Pop-Tarts, and Salty Snacks. Foodservice also recorded good sales growth, led by Cereal, Wholesome Snacks, Pop-Tarts, Cookies and Salty Snacks. We also saw distribution gains in Vending in various categories, and we had a strong Girl Scout Cookie season. Slide (sic) 16 shows the North American Other segment, which includes the U.S. Frozen Foods, Kashi and Canadian businesses. Net sales for the segment were down, but we're making good progress in each of the businesses. In Frozen Foods, our Eggo business was down because of last year's SKU rationalization and a shift in the timing of innovation this year to Q2 from Q1. But excluding the cold SKUs, Eggo grew consumption in Q1. Similarly, our MorningStar Farms business felt the impact of resetting the shelf with our new resealable packages. But where we have converted to the new packaging, we are seeing positive results, and this conversion is now largely behind us. Frozen Foods will see better performance as we get past these colds and resets and as we see the benefits of advertising on Eggo and MorningStar Farms, a promotional tie-in with the movie Finding Dory and some great innovation launching right here in the month of May. Last, our Kashi business posted lower sales year-on-year in Q1. We did see sequential improvement led by Cereal, where we maintained share overall and gained share in the Natural Food channel. In addition to our renovation efforts, we've got great new products rolling out soon, including new Kashi and Bear Naked cereals, new gluten-free crackers, and some great savory granola bars. In addition, we're introducing here in May the plant-based protein powders we showed you at CAGNY a couple of months ago. All of this means that we expect continued improvement as we progress through the year. And finally, in Canada, we saw good performance by both Cereal and Snacks. Cereal posted gains in net sales consumption and share led by core brands and the continued recovery of Special K, which grew 6% and gained 40 basis points of share. So let's turn to slide (sic) 17 and the summary. Hopefully, you have a sense for the progress we are making on our priorities. We're continuing to gain share in U.S. Cereal and our Core Six brands are performing well. Our core snacking brands, including our Big Three Crackers and Pringles, are gaining momentum. The Frozen Food business is poised to return to growth on the strength of innovation. Kashi performance continues to improve as we get the food right and new products arrive in the market. Significant savings from Project K and ZBB are driving strong gross margin and operating profit growth. I'm confident we've taken the right actions across the region to invest, drive growth, and increase margins. So finally, I'd like to thank all the members of the North America team for their hard work. We're making great progress together. Now, I'll turn it back to John.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Paul. Now, let's turn to slide (sic) 18 and our European business, where sales declined slightly in the quarter. However, we did see some pockets of growth, particularly in the Pringles and Wholesome Snack businesses. The Pringles business in the region posted high single-digit growth in the quarter. This was led by sustained momentum in key markets and expansion of Pringles Tortilla into new markets. Pringles posted strong share performance in the region, with share gains most pronounced in the UK and Germany. The Wholesome Snacks business also posted high single-digit sales growth, led by continued good performance in the UK, in Russia and in the Mediterranean Middle Eastern region. We've launched some great food and the business has responded. However, our Cereal sales remain soft, particularly in the UK and France. Much of this is due to the timing of investment. As I mentioned earlier, our innovation launched later in the quarter and we have promotions tied to the Euro Soccer Tournament and the Olympics planned for the summer. Over the balance of the year, we're investing in our food. Specifically, we have new innovation including Ancient Legends and Special K Nourish, which is similar to the product that recently launched in the U.S. And we will continue to work on the underlying fundamentals, including focusing on increasing our distribution in alternate channels. We also have a plan that has more support in Q2 and the second half than in Q1. We expect a slight increase in net sales in the coming quarters on sustained growth in Wholesome Snacks and sequential improvement in Cereal, as the brand building investment begins to pick up in support of innovation and the promotions. We also should see continued expansion of our Pringles business. Slide (sic) 19 highlights the performance of our Latin American business in the first quarter. As was the case for much of last year, the impacts of pricing in inflationary Venezuela drove double-digit currency-neutral comparable net sales growth in the period. We continue to manage the Venezuelan business very carefully, navigating local supply and power outages. Despite this, we gained share in Venezuela in the quarter. Excluding the Venezuelan business, sales in the region declined by 2% in the quarter, driven by Cereal and softness in two markets. In Mexico, where we compared against strong year-ago growth, we saw a reduction in trade inventories and the timing of promotional investment, and these factors pulled down our net sales. However, our consumption in Mexico increased, and we gained share across our Cereal and Snacks categories, driven by strong innovation and commercial activation. In the Mercosul region, we felt the impact of economic softness and trade inventory reductions in Brazil, especially where we lapped difficult year-ago comparisons. The good news is that amidst this economic softness, we did increase our share of the Cereal category and Wholesome Snacks category in Brazil. And I'd also like to point out consumption and share gains in Colombia was better than our shipment performance in Latin America. We launched new products late last year and in Q1 of this year, which are contributing to the consumption performance. Specifically, the launch of Special K Protein, which I mentioned last quarter, has gone very well. Meanwhile, the region's Snacks business continued to perform well, posting mid-single digit sales growth, with growth and expansion in markets like Mexico and the Andean and Mercosul regions. The Pringles brand grew at a mid-single digit rate, and we believe that we have considerable upside in this brand. As we said on the Q4 call, the macroeconomic conditions in the region are challenging, but we've seen some good results in many parts of the region, especially in our in-market performance with the share gains I mentioned. So we remain on plan to improve results, ex-Venezuela, as the year progresses. Let's look at slide (sic) 20 and our Asia Pacific business. Currency-neutral comparable sales growth for the region was approximately 1%, although sales would have increased at a mid-single digit rate if the impact of the joint ventures in China and Africa were included. In Asia, our sales increased at a high single digit rate, with strong growth in Korea, Hong Kong and Taiwan, Southeast Asia and Japan. We reinvested in the Pringles business and launched new products, both of which helped to drive mid-single digit sales growth for the brand in the quarter. In Australia, sales declined in Q1, although we saw sequential improvement and year-to-date through April, we've gained share in the Cereal category. We also have innovation planed for introduction in Australia beginning in the second quarter. This, in combination with new support, should contribute to the improving trend that we've started to see. In summary, our plans for the overall business are exciting, and we expect improving performance over the remainder of the year. So let's turn to the summary on slide (sic) 21. On last quarter's earnings call, I mentioned four reasons to believe that we are building momentum in 2016. First, we are investing in our food and packaging. We saw this in Q1, with cereals like Special K Nourish driving improved performance in the U.S. and Canada. We rolled out GMO-free Kashi products in the U.S. and new resealable packaging in MorningStar Farms. In Europe, we saw good success in new granola and muesli offerings, and we'll see more consumer-driven renovation and innovation as we go through the year. Second, we are expanding Pringles. This could be seen during Q1 with our growth across every region. This will continue to be an avenue of growth for us in the future. Third, we are enhancing our sales capabilities. We took action in Q1, as evidenced by our reorganization in U.S. Snacks, the continued progress of additional feet on the street in Morning Foods and expanding our presence in high-frequency stores in Latin America and Asia. Winning where the shopper shops is a key strategic pillar for us and we should see even more benefit from these capability investments as the year progresses. And finally, increasing our earnings visibility by our Project K and ZBB; this helped drive profitability already in Q1. And behind the scenes, these initiatives are creating a cost discipline and spending behavior that can yield more savings and more earnings visibility going forward. So I'm happy to report that we are on track on all of these. I've also stated that we should see steady improvement in our performance as the year progresses. The plan is designed that way, with bigger reinvestments ahead, savings developing as the year progresses and some hurdles coming early in the year and giving way to better performance later. In short, we expect momentum to build through the year. And now, I'll open it up to questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from Dave Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, two questions. Good morning. Paul, could you go into what exactly were those sales structure changes and how do those relate to the investments in feet in the street that Kellogg's has made in recent years? Thanks.
Paul T. Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America, Kellogg Co.: Okay. So specifically, regarding the changes in Snacks, the change was designed to separate sales and merchandising functions within the sales force to enable better focus and execution between selling up and merchandising. It's as simple as that. It does come on top of previous investments we've made in our DSD, specifically sales force, in terms of technology, which obviously will unlock some of the benefits of the technology as we do this as well. So, it's separate from anything we've done in Morning Foods and feet on the street, but it is a continuation of us building more effective and efficient working practices within our DSD sales organization.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And do you think that there's just a learning curve that needs to happen for the merchandising to come? Is that what happens?
Paul T. Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America, Kellogg Co.: Obviously, any disruptive change is disruptive. And so when you touch as many sales people, merchandisers in the context of customers, there is some disruption. So, many people find themselves in new roles calling on new stores. And so we anticipated that. We've seen a bit more on the incremental side in terms of display, especially on Cookies and Crackers, but we're largely through that now as we come into the month of May. And so, we expect things to pick up from here.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then, just circling back on U.S. Cereal and, for that matter, overall U.S. Packaged Food, even if you exclude Easter noise and look through the latest period year-to-date, it looks like the overall growth rate in the industry is just less than what it was last year. Have you seen any good reasons for this? And do you think you can drive revenue improvement even with the type of growth that we saw in the first four months or so?
Paul T. Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America, Kellogg Co.: It's interesting. I meet with a lot of customers. I haven't met a customer yet who doesn't want to engage with big brands to drive growth. So, I think our focus across all our categories is very much on building winning plans for our customers. The bigger the idea, the better you execute it, the more impact you'll have in-store. I think specifically to Kellogg, there's a little bit of timing in the Cereal business, where we were very strong last year in March, April because of The Avengers promotion. Our big idea this year is the Finding Dory movie, which launches in June. So there's a little bit of timing in there, but we feel very good about the quality of our plans, our brand communication and our innovation ideas as they come to market here.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lavery with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Michael.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: I know you talked about the DSD changes and some of the disruptions there. How much of an effect did that have on margins and how much of that is temporary?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: In the quarter, in terms of gross margins, or operating margins?
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Yeah, on the operating margin.
Paul T. Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America, Kellogg Co.: If you've seen the reported data, the Snacks business did pretty well on operating profit through the first quarter, so there's no real near-term impact on margins. There was some sales disruption, as I said, when it comes to our performance on display at the top line. Now, we're hopefully through that and we move forward. We expect this to be a more effective and more efficient way of operating going forward.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: It sounds like some of the transformation you made, it doesn't add any fixed costs or I'm just trying to get a sense of, even with the performance in the quarter, if there's a different trajectory for how that business looks?
Paul T. Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America, Kellogg Co.: No, there's no cost addition to this at all. In fact, it'll be more efficient and effective going forward.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, nice. Thanks. And then just one other on Kashi, could you give a little better sense of some of the moving parts there? I know you've still got some innovation and marketing efforts there to turn that business around. What's the latest update in a little bit more detail?
Paul T. Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America, Kellogg Co.: If you look at the Kashi business over the past 18 months or so now, or at least 15 months, we continue to see sequential improvement in the performance of the business. As you are aware, we put the team back in California just over a year ago. We're seeing especially our Cereal business perform a lot better. Share was flat in the first quarter. We're actually growing the business now in the Natural channel, and the team's been really working hard at building a pipeline of ideas to get back ahead in terms of a food-focused, mission-based operation. So we have new Kashi and Bear Naked cereals launching here now. We have savory granola bars launching at the end of the second quarter. We have some culturally-inspired crackers that I've spoke about before. We have granola bites coming from Bear Naked at the turn of the quarter as well in the third quarter. And we have a brand new range – which is shipping now – of Kashi GOLEAN and Kashi branded protein powders to lean into new segments with the brand. Of note, our Bear Naked Granola business is growing at a good mid-single to high single-digit click. So the Granola business in Bear Naked does well. One more part of the Kashi Company is Stretch Island Fruit Snacks, a very small business we don't talk a lot about, but that's growing at a strong double-digit rate as well. And we've reinvented that food, made it all organic, invested back in the food there as well. So there's been a lot of reinvestment in food to renovate and now a lot of innovation about to come, which gives us the confidence we're going to get this business back to growth over the coming months in 2016 and into 2017.
Michael Lavery - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. I guess I'll focus my question on European Cereal, because the declines you're experiencing now seem to be on top of declines a year ago and maybe even a year after that. And, John, you've made management changes in Europe. You've tried introducing some innovation along the way. If you had to do like a root cause analysis as to what's happening there, why hasn't it stabilized like the U.S. has? And what should give us confidence that the new innovation you're talking about for second quarter – why is that going to stabilize the business? Maybe start there for me.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Rob. I think if you come back and look at the U.S. business over the last couple of years, we said there are two big brands in the U.S. that we needed to fix. One was Special K. One was Kashi. In both cases, where we've put on-trend food in the marketplace, we've seen consumers respond to that very positively. And you've seen those results come through in the U.S. results last year and into this year. Same is true in Canada. And, as I said in the prepared remarks, in Australia, we're also seeing significantly improved results through first quarter on the back of improved food that's more on-trend with what consumers are looking for. The same will be true in the UK. So we have four large cereal markets, U.S., Canada, Australia and the UK. The UK is the last one for us to turn, but we believe, again, putting the right food in the marketplace for consumers is going to make the difference. The Ancient Legends food that we had at Day at K is more of a granola, great taste, visible nutrition-type food, as is the Special K Nourish food that's being an important part of the Special K turnaround in the U.S. and the Special K Red Berries renovation in the U.S. we'll also have going into the UK market as well. A lot of those food changes, though, got cut into the shelf in the later part of Q1. So we do expect to see the business respond to that. I don't necessarily expect to see the European Cereal business get back to growth in this year, but, in many respects, that Cereal weakness in Europe is masking some very strong growth in other parts of the European business. So when you have Pringles up high single digits and Wholesome Snacks up high single digits, we clearly have the ability to execute if we have great food in the marketplace. We have great food behind Cereal. I have confidence we'll see our European top line trends improve as we go through this year.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Can I ask a follow-up on Wholesome Snacks? You talked about some innovation that's coming, but I think you mentioned Cocoa Krispies with M&Ms. Can you give us some examples of some wholesome snacks that are a little more wholesome that are coming in the back half? I think you said Special K Trail Mix. There's a lot of trail mix items out there. Is there anything really innovative coming?
Paul T. Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America, Kellogg Co.: Rob, it's Paul. Obviously, turning around Wholesome, as we said, is going to take a bit of time. And it does mean a focus on food and a focus on core brands. So Rice Krispie Treats is a great brand that plays in a certain segment within Wholesome Snacks and has been doing very well and it's a question of fueling its growth, so those things fit. When you come across to Nutri-Grain, looking forward on Nutri-Grain, it's really reinvesting in the core soft-bake bars. And we have two initiatives coming: one, a pumpkin spice initiative; another one with chocolate and raspberry, which is very close in to what Nutri-Grain stands for. Beyond that, as you lean towards the healthier, if you like, perceived elements of Wholesome Snacks, we've already renovated many of our base Special K bars. And since those renovations there are doing better; we are now bringing protein trail mix bars to Special K. And then the one or two brands that really I think need to step up and step in here to broaden out our portfolio and our growth are actually coming from Kashi and Bear Naked because they have really been absent over the last two, three years. And therefore, we're renovating our core Kashi granola bars. We're bringing new to the world savory bars on Kashi. We're bringing new granola bites from Bear Naked as we go into the end of the second quarter here. And you'll see more innovation coming on bars from Kashi and Bear Naked in that, what I would call, lifestyle performance area of Wholesome Snacks. So you have to look at the whole picture to think about how we innovate and renovate across every segment. Again, the turn's not going to come overnight, but we've spent a lot of time with a lot of customers talking about our view for the future, and there's a lot of encouragement coming about how our portfolio can play to win as we look forward.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking the question. You talked about Special K Cereal doing well. At least in the Nielsen numbers, and I know it doesn't tell the whole story, the brand seems to have trailed off a little bit in recent months. And now takeaway is trending somewhat negatively again. I don't know if that's truly reflecting what you're seeing, but if it is, we're also seeing Kashi still doing much better, but still negative year-on-year, too. So, I guess the question is, what needs to happen in terms of innovation or marketing for these brands to sustainably grow – very positive takeaway year-on-year – so that we really don't talk about them as sort of restoration project anymore?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not sure the data you're looking at, Ken. I mean, Special K was up about 3% and gained 30 basis points of share. The Red Berries initiative, that part of the portfolio was still growing at north of 5%, so the brand is growing. There may be some timing of activity year-on-year where we launched Red Berries so you may be something in the near-in data that might look strange, but the underlying trends, as we see them – and now with Nourish just gearing up – we have some great seasonal items coming in Q3 as well on Special K. We think the brand is back on its stride. I mean, I don't think it's going to be growing double digit year-in, year-out, but it should be a contributor to growth across our core portfolio going forward, so we feel good that we've got it growing. I mentioned in Canada, where we've done something similar, the Canadian business is ticking up as well. And so when we think Core Six brands and growing across our major customers, K's a huge component part of that. And so, we're happy with the progress we've made.
Paul T. Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America, Kellogg Co.: Maybe just to comment at a macro level, I think when the category was soft, and this is true for all of the large markets, it really had to do with some of the adult brands not doing well. And now the adult brands are doing much better, with Kashi coming back, with Special K, even a brand like Raisin Bran doing a lot better. And bringing adults back into the category and driving adult consumption, I think is what happened across the 2000. It helped drive the category then, and that's our focus as we drive forward here.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Maybe I'll follow up offline about the Special K stuff. But, John, one follow-up from me, you made some comments at the end of your prepared remarks about some ZBB. It sounded to me as though maybe you're sensing some upside, possibly not this year but down the road, to the guidance of $100 million. Is that the right way to think about it or is it just too early to be confident in the out-year outlook here?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Ken, it's Ron. We're confident in the $100 million. There is no doubt about that. So we're still on track within North America to deliver against that. As I mentioned on our fourth quarter call, our international regions would start progressing their zero-based budgeting initiatives early in the year. They have done so. They're identifying targets, assessing the discretionary spend across similar categories as to what we did in North America. That is progressing extremely well. We do expect to see a little bit of savings from the international regions in 2016, but most of that will come into 2017. North America, by the way, also in the first quarter, was on plan. We had embedded the zero-based budget savings into their plan, and they were on or slightly above plan, frankly. So we're in good shape on the program.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And just on zero-based budgeting, it both delivers savings but also provides a great tool and mechanism just to challenge historical assumptions and to challenge in maybe some areas where some investment was happening that were not getting the return and move it to areas that we are getting good return. So it's not always just the savings that comes out of it so much as the underlying methodology and driving and pushing on key assumptions.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: You mentioned negative category and channel mix just that caused some headwinds to gross margin this quarter. Could you elaborate a little bit on that as well? And just as a follow-up, the Cereal category seemed to be getting into some more stable position a few months ago and now, it seems to have slumped back again. How close are you getting to retailers talking about shrinking the size of the category? What are your distribution and shelf space trends at the moment? And what's the outlook there? Thank you.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, Alexia, first on the category and channel mix, so across the business, we're seeing a little bit more adverse mix as a result of some of our big developed Cereal markets and the trends in those businesses and, as Paul mentioned, the transition that we're doing in U.S. Snacks, very profitable business for us both from a gross margin standpoint and profitability standpoint. So as they go through that transition, sales were down a little bit more than we had expected. That had an adverse impact on our mix. And as we're growing in some of our emerging markets, we're seeing a little bit adverse impact in mix. But as I said in the prepared remarks, we expect this to improve as we progress through the course of the year and we build momentum on our sales outlook.
Paul T. Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America, Kellogg Co.: Alexia, Paul. On the question about space in-store and retailers, we're not seeing anything at a macro level, but different retailers obviously have different strategies as to how they manage the category. So we have seen in instances, for example, number of sizes reduced in certain retailers, but we've also seen an increase in space for natural and organic, which has benefited, obviously, brands like Kashi for us. So I think it really is a quest of always looking to maximize assortment. And we spend a lot of our time trying to maximize assortment holding power behind the fastest moving biggest items. So to me, it's very much a question about sales fundamentals and back to this notion of customers want big brands to grow. We need bigger, better ideas to help them grow. And so nothing at a macro level, but every retailer is different in terms of their strategy.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. And, Simon, we'll miss you and looking forward, John, to working with you going forward.
Simon D. Burton, CFA - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Alexia.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you, and good morning, everyone.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Two questions for me, just like little ones and then kind of a bigger one for you, John. Just the little questions are can you give us some sense of the cost savings pacing throughout 2016? And then, on Latin America, I think we begin to lap some of the big currency devaluations in the second half of the year. What kind of growth do you expect in profits after you lap all of that currency issue in LatAm?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so, first, in terms of their cost savings that we're seeing, zero-based budgeting and Project K as well, it's spread relatively evenly over the course of the year. So we saw savings within the first quarter and we'll see savings as we progress through the year as well. In terms of Venezuela, as I mentioned, we did this remeasurement at the middle of 2015. So we'll be past that after the second quarter. We do expect our sales trends to improve. And as those sales trends improve, that will improve our profitability performance. Remember, we've guided 4% to 6% operating profit growth on our ex-Venezuela business. We delivered 2% in the first quarter. So as you'd expect, we'll see more growth going through the balance of the year.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then, John, for – go ahead, John.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sorry. I was going to turn to your Latin American question there for a second and margins in Latin America. As you look across the company, you can see us investing back in the emerging markets. So Asia Pacific and Latin America, we're not looking for as much, say, margin expansion as we are from North America and Europe. Within Latin America, within 2016, it's fair to say that we're seeing a little bit more economic softness and a little bit more challenges in the southern part of Latin America than what we would've liked to have seen. We do expect to see operating profit growth on a comparable basis, ex-Venezuela, in the region, but probably more low single digits and sales growth in the same sort of range, again, ex-Venezuela just reflecting the difficulty in the marketplace.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): That makes sense. Big picture, John, last night, one of your major competitors reported. They show up with an operating margin at 27%. It was up 700 basis points year-over-year. You guys are running just over 15% on your operating margin. Can you just kind of frame up for us like what's the long-term opportunity at Kellogg? I mean, are we right to think that there really is a substantial operating margin improvements opportunity at Kellogg? And just love to hear your perspective on what's happening in this industry right now.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, David, as we discussed at Day at K and at CAGNY, we are committed to expanding our operating margins over time. We've set a goal of 17% to 18% operating margin by 2020. Clearly, we look very closely at what other companies are doing, our peer group and our competitors. One of the core values of the Kellogg Company is that we have the humility and hunger to learn. And we will look very closely at what's happening at Kraft Heinz and all the other companies in the industry. And if we see opportunities to improve the economics of our business and to drive shareholder value creation, we'll certainly pursue those.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you so much.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Simon D. Burton, CFA - Vice President-Investor Relations: Gary, this is Simon. I think we've got time for one last question, please.
Operator: The final question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Actually just one question on phasing, Ron, I think you said earlier that there may be a little bit of giveback in 2Q, on the second quarter. So in terms of, I think when we started the year, we talked about the EPS being pretty much the same each quarter through the year. You over-delivered a little bit in the first quarter and maybe that giveback would be in 2Q. So could you just elaborate a little bit more? Did I hear that correctly? And, if so, is that still we've got some of the sales drag that kind of leaks from 1Q into 2Q? And I don't know if maybe there are some other expenses or other items that would just affect 2Q specifically versus the balance of the year?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No. Bryan, you're thinking about it correctly. When we started the year, on the fourth quarter call, I said expect our comparable earnings per share, and that includes the impact to currency, to be spread relatively evenly across the four quarters of the year. We did deliver a little bit more in the first quarter. And we said that might come out of the second quarter. And some of that is related to the timing of investments and activations that we're doing against our commercial programs and our renovations as we move into the second quarter. So expect the second quarter to be a little bit lower than the average of the four quarters now.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: You're welcome.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to John Bryant for any closing remarks.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you all for your questions and interest in the Kellogg Company. At this time, I'd like to share with you the news that Ron Dissinger, our Chief Financial Officer for the past seven years, has decided to retire after 30 great years with the company. Ron has been a key member of our leadership team, combining a strong business acumen with a disciplined approach to finance. And I'm sure you all have enjoyed working with Ron as much as I have. It may not surprise you that Ron will be retiring in a very careful, deliberate way. He will remain the company's CFO through the end of 2016. This will give us proper time to do a thorough search, both internally and externally, for his successor. Ron will also stay on into 2017 to ensure an orderly and effective transition, so we'll have good continuity. Please join me in congratulating Ron on a wonderful career and in thanking him for his outstanding service. And that wraps up our call. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-11 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon D. Burton - Vice President-Investor Relations John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Vishal Bhailal Patel - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. All the lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period. [Operation Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Simon Burton, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Kellogg Company. Mr. Burton, you may begin, sir.
Simon D. Burton - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone, and thank you too for joining us today for a review of our fourth quarter and full year 2015 results. I'm joined here by John Bryant, CEO and Chairman; and by Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. And as you're aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, February 15. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And now, I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We are pleased to have reported results that have met our expectations in the fourth quarter of 2015. We saw good growth in both currency neutral comparable net sales and operating profit and the individual performances of many of our businesses were strong, with currency neutral comparable sales growth in U.S. Cereal, U.S. Specialty Channels, Europe, Latin America, and Asia Pacific. We continue to build momentum and trends continue to improve. And importantly, as you've seen in the public data, our consumption increased in the U.S. Cereal business in the fourth quarter and we gained share. Obviously, this continued momentum had a positive impact on overall results in both the fourth quarter and for the full year. The broad-based quarterly performance led to the underlying full-year currency neutral comparable net sales and operating profit results that were in line with our expectation. 2015's performance represented an improvement from 2014's results and we're continuing to build momentum in 2016. Comparable currency neutral earnings were $3.81 per share, at the high end of our guidance range, and full year cash flow of $1.1 billion was also in line with our recently increased estimates and we have excellent earnings visibility as we continue to make great progress executing Project K and implementing zero-based budgeting. So we met or exceeded our targets for 2015, and the performance we achieved set a great base for growth and the momentum we've built provides us with confidence as we enter the year. So now let's turn to slide four and more detail on our expectations for 2016. The momentum we built in 2015 was the result of better innovation, better support, better execution, and some of the visibility provided by our cost savings programs. And we expect this level of execution and the momentum to continue in 2016. Specifically, we're very pleased with the momentum that we built in the U.S. Cereal business. We ended the year with fourth quarter consumption growth of more than 2% for the Kellogg brand and a share gain of 70 basis points, and results in December were even better. I'll talk about this in more detail in a few minutes. The Project K and zero-based budgeting programs will each generate $100 million in savings in 2016. That's $200 million in total flexibility that we'll use to continue to drive top-line growth and increase margins. Importantly, as you heard at the Investor Day a couple of months ago, we're excited about the plans we have to drive growth in North America and in each of the international regions, and we will remain focused on executing those plans throughout 2016. We're investing in the top-line by improving our food, by introducing great new innovation across categories and businesses, by increasing the geographic expansion of Pringles, by improving sales capabilities, and by focusing on other activities designed to help us win where the shopper shops. So we're pleased that all this has put us back on our long-term growth algorithm in 2016. Specifically, we still expect low-single-digit revenue growth, mid-single-digit operating profit growth and earnings per share growth of 6% to 8%, all on a currency neutral comparable basis. Ron will discuss this in a minute. We're excited about our plans across all the areas of our business and are very encouraged by the impact our actions are making. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ron for a discussion of our financial results.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, John, and good morning. Slide five shows financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year. Fourth quarter currency neutral comparable net sales increased by 4.2%. This was ahead of our expectations and included the impact of pricing actions in Venezuela. We also saw improving trends and sales growth in our business, excluding the impact of Venezuela. We always had anticipated approximately 1 point of sales growth benefit from Venezuela in our guidance for the full year. The accelerated pricing drove an additional point and resulted in full year sales growth of 1.2%. Currency neutral comparable operating profit increased by 2.8% in the fourth quarter. This included a headwind from the rebasing of incentive compensation of 4%. So growth in operating profit in the fourth quarter would have been approximately 7% excluding the rebasing of incentive comp. Full year currency neutral comparable operating profit decreased by 2.3%, at the high end of our guidance range of between down 2% to 4%. Full year operating profit would have also increased by approximately 1%, excluding the impact of rebasing incentive comp. Reported operating profit for the full year was $1.1 billion and for the quarter was a loss of $39 million, including a non-cash mark-to-market charge for pensions of $393 million. This was primarily driven by the impact that asset returns had on our pension plans, but it is worth noting that even at historically low discount rates, our pension plans are almost 90% funded. You will see more detail regarding items affecting comparability in the Appendices to the presentation. Comparable earnings were $0.79 per share in the quarter, and these results include $0.06 of currency headwind. Currency neutral comparable earnings were $0.85 per share for the quarter, an increase of 1.2%. Full year comparable earnings were $3.53 per share including $0.28 of impact from currencies. So as a result, full year currency neutral comparable earnings were $3.81 per share, at the high end of our guidance range and flat to last year. Slide six shows the components of the full year and quarterly sales growth. Overall, currency neutral comparable net sales increased by 1.2% for the full year. We delivered double-digit growth in Asia and strong growth in Latin America. Pringles also delivered another strong year of growth across the globe, and our U.S. Cereal business continues to see improving trends and posted good growth in the fourth quarter. Price/mix increased by 1.9% as a result of growth in Latin America, which was driven primarily by the impact of Venezuela. We also saw price/mix improvement in several North America businesses and in European Snacks. While volume declined for the year, driven by developed Cereal and U.S. Snacks, we saw good growth in the global Pringles business and in the emerging market Cereal business. And as you can see on the chart, the impact of 2014's 53rd week reduced reported sales growth by 1.3% and the impact of foreign exchange lowered reported sales growth by 7.5%, more than half of which was due to the mid-year re-measurement in Venezuela. As a reminder, our joint ventures in China and Africa aren't included in these numbers; however, we saw very good rates of growth from them in the fourth quarter. Slide seven shows details regarding our fourth quarter and full year currency neutral comparable gross profit and gross margin. Comparable gross margin for the full year was down slightly and in line with our expectations. It is important to note that gross margin for the quarter and the full year has been impacted by accelerating levels of inflation in Venezuela. Of course, we were able to price to manage the profit of the business to our plan, but gross margin deteriorated. Excluding the impact of Venezuela, gross margin increased by 20 basis points for the full year and by 30 basis points for the fourth quarter. Slide eight shows the fourth quarter operating profit performance for each of the regions. North America's currency neutral comparable operating profit increased by 3%. This was due to gross margin expansion resulting from lower input costs and savings from the Project K initiative in the region. This is partially offset by the impact of rebasing incentive compensation, which lowered North America's operating profit growth by more than 5% in the quarter. We're pleased with the full year operating profit growth of 4% in Europe. Results for the fourth quarter were due to the timing of investment in brand building and some discrete costs. Without these discrete costs, operating profit would have increased by approximately 5%. Operating profit in Latin America increased by 46%, due to the impact of Venezuela on the region's results. In addition, we saw good results in Mexico, good overhead management, and a favorable impact from the timing of investment. Operating profit decreased by 13% in the Asia Pacific region. We do continue to invest in sales growth in Cereal and Snacks in this region. This includes investment in our brands and our people. In addition, we saw higher cost of goods in the quarter due to the timing of spend across the year. Slide nine shows our full year cash flow. Full year operating cash flow after capital expenditure was approximately $1.1 billion, $100 million higher than our estimate as we began 2015. We're very pleased with this result as it includes the cash required for Project K of approximately $330 million. We offset this use of cash with the excellent execution of our payables initiative. And importantly, in 2015 we returned more than $1.4 billion to share owners through dividends and share repurchases. Slide 10 shows our industry leading core working capital as a percentage of net sales, and the improvement we've made over the last year. You can see that we ended the year with rolling 12-month core working capital as a percentage of sales of 6.2%. The significant year-over-year improvement is the result of excellent work that we've done on our payables initiative and we'll continue our efforts to free up cash from our balance sheet as we proceed through 2016. Slide 11 shows our currency neutral comparable guidance for the full year 2016, which has not changed. We continue to expect that net sales will increase at a rate between 1% and 3%. Now while our original guidance always included approximately 1% of sales growth from the impact of inflation in Venezuela, our latest outlook includes more pricing to offset inflation in the country. Obviously, this is hard to predict, but it is possible that full year comparable net sales growth could exceed our guidance range due to these changes in Venezuela. It's worth noting that even excluding the total impact of Venezuela, we still expect to be in our original guidance range of between 1% and 3%. We anticipate deflation in cost of goods sold driven by material costs, in combination with savings from Project K and zero-based budgeting, we expect improved gross margin. Of course, this excludes the impact of Venezuela, given the inflation-driven volatility. Our material input costs are approximately 70% covered at this time. Operating profit is still expected to grow at between 4% and 6% and we also still expect that currency neutral comparable earnings per share will increase between 6% and 8%. Our outlook includes a higher tax rate due to comparisons in 2015 and slightly higher interest expense. Specifically, we expect interest expense to be in a range between $235 million and $245 million, reflecting an anticipated increase in rates and slightly higher levels of debt. The comparable tax rate is expected to be between 27% and 28%. Our board has approved a share repurchase program of $1.5 billion, which will run through 2017 and we still expect to repurchase approximately $700 million to $750 million of shares in 2016. As always, our expectations for sales, operating profit and earnings per share exclude the impact of items affecting comparability. We expect that full year operating cash flow will be approximately $1.1 billion. This includes our expectation that full year capital spending will be in a range between 4% and 5% of sales to support growth in our Pringles business and Project K. Slide 12 shows our full year earnings per share walk. We currently expect that currency translation could have an impact of as much as $0.10 per share in 2016. This includes approximately $0.04 for the translation of Venezuela results impacting the first half 2016. We expect that integration costs from the transactions we did in Egypt and Nigeria in 2015 will be between $0.02 and $0.03 per share for the full year and we expect that incremental savings from Project K will be approximately $100 million for the full year, approximately 75% to 80% of which will come through cost of goods. We estimate that pre-tax P&L costs for Project K and our zero-based budgeting implementation will be between $200 million and $250 million or approximately $0.40 to $0.50 per share. Approximately half of this will be in cost of goods and it's important to note that both Project K and our zero-based budgeting initiative remain on track. Finally, our currency headwind is much more significant in the first quarter and the first half of the year and the increases in tax and interest expense also impact Q1 in the first half of the year. So a simple way to think about our comparable earnings per share delivery, including currency, is that it will be delivered relatively evenly across the year. And now I'll turn it back over to John for more detail regarding the operating segments.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ron. And now let's turn to slide 13 and the U.S. Morning Foods business. We saw goods results from the business in the fourth quarter, with sales growth of 1.5%. This was driven by very good results in our U.S. Cereal business. As you can see on the chart, we gained share in 2015 and in the fourth quarter, and had a great ending to the year in December. As you saw last quarter, our base sales performance was even better, with growth all year and growth of 4% in the fourth quarter. Importantly, our Core Six brands led this growth: Raisin Bran, Rice Krispies, Frosted Flakes, Mini-Wheats and Special K all saw consumption growth in the quarter with Special K posting high-single-digit growth. This was driven primarily by changes to messaging and the renovation work we did last year on Red Berries and the good growth we saw all year on Raisin Bran s the result of the introduction of Raisin Bran with cranberries, which showed good results for the entire franchise. So we saw a lot of improvement across the year in the Morning Foods business. We invested where we needed to and worked hard to improve the fundamentals. We improved our brand building and the new products we launched; we invested in our foods; we put fun back in the box with Avengers and Disney Frozen-themed Cereals and we've quickly taken these learnings to other regions of the world, as I'll discuss in a minute. I'd like to thank Paul Norman, who began this transformation, and Craig Bahner, who has continued it, and the entire Morning Foods team. The hard work is having significant impact. And we're optimistic about this business as we enter 2016. We said last year that we would improve the performance of Special K, and we have, as you can see on the graph on the slide. And we're going to continue to drive sales in 2016 with the introduction much new products like Special K Nourish, which you can also see pictured on the slide. Special K Nourish is a cereal with positive nutrition and ingredients the consumer can see and the food includes fruits, nuts and on trend grains like quinoa. It's early but the initial response has been encouraging and we will continue to focus on all our Core Six brands, as Craig discussed at the Investor Day in November. We have a range of new products launching in 2016. Some are on-trend foods such as Special K Nourish and Harvest Delights Mini-Wheats, and some are fun additions, including S'mores, Disney Dory-themed Cereal and Orange Crushed Pop-Tarts. So we saw improvement throughout 2015. The Cereal business continued to improve as the year progressed, and we saw the results of the investments and changes we made. We're excited about the plans we have for 2016, and expect continued improvement. Let's turn to slide 15 and our U.S. Snacks business. We again saw sequential improvement in consumption in the cookie, cracker, Wholesome Snack and Pringles businesses in the quarter. We gained distribution in the overall cracker category as a result of innovation and Cheez-It continued to post good consumption growth and share gains in the fourth quarter as it has all year. This was driven by contributions from new products, including Cheez-It Extra Toasty and Grooves. And as Deanie Elsner said at Day of K, we will increase our focus and our investment on core brands in 2016, including Cheez-It. We restaged Special K cracker chips during the year and we saw improved consumption performance as the year progressed due to renovations we made to the packaging and the food. We did see continued declines in consumption of popcorn chips in the fourth quarter, which had an impact on results. However, we expect the impact of the remaining SKUs to lessen as we progress through 2016. We also gained distribution in the cookie business in the fourth quarter. The sequential improvement in consumption I mentioned continued the trend we saw last quarter and was driven by Chips Deluxe, Fudge Shoppe and Famous Amos. These brands benefited from expanded distribution, new products, and increased in-store activity. We have great brands in the category and we have some exciting new introductions planned for 2016 and we're also going to give the brands new support, including the relaunch of advertising, featuring the Keebler Elves. We continue to see very good rates of consumption growth in Rice Krispies Treats in the Wholesome Snack category in the fourth quarter. In addition, the performance of our Special K bars has improved due to new products and renovation, especially our new Special K Chewy Nut Bars. The overall Pringles business posted good underlying growth in the Grocery and Convenience channels. We continue to expand our global capacity and we have good plans across all our customers in 2016. As a result, we expect this business to post strong rates of growth for the year. We are making progress in the Snacks business. We are increasing investment and focusing it on our largest brands. We're making sure that we have the right offerings in the right channels and we're expanding our offerings in the On-The-Go segment. And as in all of the North American region, we're using the flexibility we have to fund these changes and drive improving profitability. Deanie and the whole team are making a real difference and we expect modest sales growth in the business in 2016 with sequential improvement across the year. So let's turn to slide 16 and highlights from the U.S. Specialty segment. Comparable net sales in the Specialty Channels business increased in the quarter. We saw growth in the Vending and Convenience Channels with net sales in the Convenience channel increasing at a high-single-digit rate. We saw strong growth in Rice Krispies Treats in the Vending Channel and from Cheez-It and Pringles in the Convenience channel. And we gained or maintained share in the Cereal, cracker, Wholesome Snack and salty snack categories within the channel for the full year. We also gained share in the Foodservice channel in the cereal, cracker and cookie categories in the fourth quarter. The Specialty business also built a solid base in 2015, and our expectations are the team will drive good results in 2016. Slide 17 shows the North America Other segment, which includes the U.S. Frozen Foods, Kashi and Canadian businesses. The Frozen Foods business saw continued growth from Eggo hand-held sandwiches in the quarter. Consumption increased at a double-digit rate as it did all year. Overall sales declined at a low-single-digit rate for the quarter, driven by the impact of egg prices, network improvements, the timing of activity, and the drawing down of inventories due to changes in packaging from boxes to bags. This veggie food packaging conversion is going well, but we expect sales to continue to be impacted in the first quarter of 2016 and for performance to improve over the balance of the year. We saw continued sequential improvement in the Kashi business in the fourth quarter, and the performance improved within the quarter. The Cereal business improved due to the stabilization of distribution and the impact of an introduction of a new product in the second half of 2015, and the Bare Naked Granola brand posted double-digit consumption growth in the quarter. The overall Kashi business, the overall Kashi business sales were down at a low-single-digit rate in the quarter. However, we expect continued improvement in 2016, due to further improvement in distribution and the impact of a new focus on new products high in plant protein. The Canadian business posted sales growth in the Cereal and Wholesome Snack businesses in the quarter. For 2016, the Canadian team is planning introductions of new products and programs, much like the rest of North American region. But we'll continue to see an adverse impact from transactional foreign exchange. Let's turn to slide 18 and our European business. Sales growth across the region was 1.6% in the quarter, with strong growth in the emerging markets. The Pringles business also posted double-digit sales growth in the fourth quarter. We grew share in both the UK and Germany in both the fourth quarter and for the full year. Germany's performance were due to the introduction of Tortilla Pringles, and the strong results we saw in the UK were due to some great activity, including a successful Halloween themed promotion. As you might imagine, we have some exciting activity planned for Pringles in 2016 as well, including soccer-themed activity, planned to coincide with the EURO soccer tournament in the summer and the continued rollout of Tortilla Pringles in the region. The Wholesome Snack business also posted sales growth in the fourth quarter. This was due to better results in the UK, driven in part by Disney-branded Snacks, Mini Biscuits, Crunchy Nut and Rice Krispies Squares. In addition, the Russian business did well, and we have new foods coming out across the region in 2016. The Cereal business in Europe declined in the fourth quarter, due to challenges in the category in many of the countries. However, we improved our plans for Special K and Crunchy Nut in the UK, saw good performance from Extra in Italy and invested behind Kellogg's branded granola in Germany. And we recently launched the Ancient Legends brand in the region. These are great products, which include on-trend ingredients like spelt, apples, sultanas and chia seeds. And we're also applying earnings from other parts of the world, including the renovation of Special K Red Berries, the launch of Special K Nourish and we're also adding more fun in the box. So, the fourth quarter was a successful one for the European business, and we expect improvement to continue in 2016, as we launch great new products, invest for growth and continue to focus on execution. Slide 19 shows highlights from our Latin America business in the fourth quarter. Total currency neutral comparable net sales again increased at a double-digit rate, primarily due to the impact of Venezuela. We saw sales growth in Mexico of approximately 4%, driven by great performance in the Cereal business. We gained share in the Cereal category in the latest public data and we saw improved performance from our adult-oriented cereals. We also gained share in Brazil in the quarter and for the year. These gains were partially the result of parent brand innovation and support. We launched Ancient Grains in Brazil in Q4, and in the first quarter of 2016 in the Andean region, and we also have Special K Protein and granola with quinoa planned for introduction. Sales in the region's Snack business also increased in the quarter. This growth resulted from better execution, good innovation, and strength in the Pringles business. In fact, the Pringles business grew at a double-digit rate. Commercial innovation, strong execution, and promotional programs drove growth, and we expect continued good performance from the brand in 2016. And our focus on high frequency stores continues to drive results. We've seen results in Convenience and Mini Super Stores in Mexico, and in smaller mom and pop stores in Columbia and we've also had success driving sales growth through packaging initiatives designed to drive affordability and accessibility in various areas of the business. We also had a good year in the Latin American business in 2015, despite challenging conditions driven by slowing economies and weakening currencies. The team has done a great job managing through these situations and we expect continued good performance in 2016. Let's turn to slide 20 and our Asia Pacific business. Overall, currency neutral comparable sales growth was 3.3% in the fourth quarter, although this does not include the impact of the JVs in China and West Africa. If we include the impact of those businesses, we would have seen double-digit sales growth. The Asian business posted double-digit currency neutral comparable sales growth in the quarter. We saw double-digit sales growth in Japan driven by the continued growth of the granola category and the impact of new packaging. We also saw double-digit growth in Korea and Southeast Asia. The Pringles business in Asia Pacific grew volume at a double-digit rate. We saw broad-based sales growth and share gains through the innovation and gains in distribution. And the sub-Saharan African business also posted double digit, currency neutral comparable sales growth. We saw better execution and the benefit from the introduction of new products. And as I mentioned, the JV in West Africa also posted very strong growth. The environment in Australia remained challenging with category sales continuing to decline. However, the granola and mueslis segments are going well and we have a plan to address the weakness in the overall Australian business in 2016. We're also applying lessons learned from other parts of the business to Australia as we are in Europe. We were pleased with the performance of the Asia Pacific region last year. For the full year, the region posted mid-single digit currency neutral comparable sales growth, and including the impact of the JVs, we would have achieved even higher growth. The Asian business continues to perform very well and while we expect the environment in Australia to remain challenging, we do expect another good year from this business. We have plans in place and our execution remains strong. Let's turn to Page 21 and the summary. Our results in the fourth quarter were in line with or ahead of our expectations. We saw good performance in net sales, operating profit, EPS and cash flow. We built a strong base and generated momentum in 2015. We told you we needed to improve the performance of the U.S. Cereal business and we have. We saw increased consumption and share gains in the quarter. Special K is performing well and the Kashi Cereal business is responding to the introduction of new products and all of our international businesses posted sales growth in the fourth quarter and we're on track to meet our expectations for 2016. We expect our momentum to continue. We've made changes where we needed to; we've improved our support; we're launching exciting new products; we've improved our foods through renovation, and we're executing well. And we also had significant flexibility in 2016 from Project K and the zero-based budgeting initiative. These two projects will give us an incremental $200 million of savings in 2016 that we will invest in revenue growth and use to improve margins. So, as we step back and look at where we are, we built momentum in 2015. We generated significant savings. We launched a new strategy and we have a strong management team. And as we enter 2016, we are absolutely committed to our algorithm to deliver results through sales, operating profit and EPS, and to building long-term earnings visibility. So, finally, I'd like to thank all of the Kellogg employees around the world. Your efforts are making a huge difference, and none of this would be possible without them. And now, I'll open up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operation Instructions] And our first question comes from David Driscoll of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you, and good morning.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I wanted to ask just two questions. First on Cereal, can you talk about the impact of the U.S. sales force structure and the head count increases and kind of how it's impacted your Cereal operations? And then, specifically, John, I don't think you gave a sales growth. I mean, I think you said it for the Other segments, but what is your sales growth expectations for 2016 U.S. Morning Foods? And completely separately on ZBB, just love to hear a little bit more about your initial learnings on the program and then for you just to kind of talk about the size, this $100 million and kind of why is that the right number and what are you learning as you're going through the program?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thanks, David. I'll take the Cereal questions and the sales growth questions. I'll hand ZBB over to Ron. There's no question that the additional investments made in our sales organization as part of our Project K reinvestments absolutely helped the performance of our U.S. Cereal business. In addition, our U.S. Cereal business has been helped by some of the great food improvements we've made, such as Special K Red Berries; some of the outstanding brand building programs we have such as the Raisin Bran program out there. But in-store execution this year has been significantly better than in the past and I think the U.S. sales reps, U.S. sales team have done a tremendous job of improving the in-store execution and driving the performance of that business. Because of those changes, because of the momentum we're seeing in the U.S. Cereal business, we actually are quite optimistic about 2016. I think if you asked me back on the third quarter conference call, our expectations for U.S. Cereal, we would have defined flat sales in 2016 as success. Given the strength of U.S. Cereal across 2015, we'd actually expect our U.S. Cereal business to grow slightly, a couple of percent in 2016. The Morning Foods business obviously includes more things than just U.S. Cereal. There's the Pop-Tarts business in there, which is also doing well, and Health & Wellness business. But in aggregate, I'd say that total business we expect to be up slightly in 2016.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: So in terms of zero-based budgeting, David, first, we're on track and the project is progressing well, as we had said. Now, remember, we're targeting over $2 billion worth of discretionary spend in North America for the start of the program, and the areas that we're targeting are in general administrative overhead, distribution costs, brand building and supply chain overhead as well. As we said, we still expect to save $100 million in 2016, but what I would point out is that's not a ceiling in terms of our savings, okay. This is a multiyear program and we obviously believe that there are more opportunities for savings and then we're implementing a process to make sure that we can sustain those savings. We are reinvesting some of those savings back into our business. For example, we're refining money in brand building. We're taking some opportunity to reinvest back into brand building for revenue growth. And as we've talked all along, we're investing money back into our food as well. Our international regions are underway. So we have started the work in all of our international regions at this point in time. Kicked off the process, dissecting our spend, identifying the opportunities as well. Some specific areas or learnings in terms of where we're seeing savings. So we look to cost of goods sold, for example, we've identified opportunities in our transportation and warehousing costs. We've done a deep dive in professional and contracted services and found some money there. And on people-related costs, things like travel, relocation, things of that nature, we've implemented policy changes to impact and benefit our cost structure. As I mentioned, we're finding some money in brand building as well around media, non-working media, as well as TV media. But, again, we're investing some of that back into the business to drive revenue growth. So overall, project is progressing well, remains on track.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everybody.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I guess, the main question that I have is around U.S. Snacks. There wasn't much color on it in the presentation and the operating profits looked to be down pretty sharply. What's going on there? It's been weak for some time. When do you think you're going to get better traction on that side? Thank you, and I'll pass it on in the interest of time.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Alexia, and great question. You're right. We've had a disappointing couple of years in U.S. Snacks. We've talked a lot in the context of our Cereal business about Special K. The Special K has also had a fundamental impact to our Snacks business. We've had a headwind from Special K in Snacks over the last couple of years. You've seen that come through in our cracker business with Special K cracker chips. It's come through in our Wholesome Snacks business with Special K Bars. The good news is where we have renovated those foods similar to what we've done in Cereal, we're seeing the business stabilize. And so Special K cracker chips is stabilizing and Special K Chewy Nuts bars actually are doing quite well in the Wholesome Snacks business. So if you look at that, that headwind is still there to a degree but to a much less degree. And as we go forward, we expect some of the tailwinds in the business to become more evident. So we've had strong growth in Cheez-It over the last several years. We're seeing good growth in Pringles; we're seeing good growth in Rice Krispies Treats and Wholesome Snacks. Our cookie business is stable the last couple of quarters. So we've actually seen better trends within the business. So as we go forward into 2016, we expect to return this business to top line growth, although modest, and we absolutely expect to return the business to bottom line growth. So we recognize that's been an area of weakness for us. Deanie and the team have taken actions to address it and we feel much better about our 2016 outlook and you're actually seeing it in the consumption data even in 2015, and the consumption in the fourth quarter for 2015 was stronger than the prior parts of the year and we're seeing sequential improvement as we go through the year.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. And I'll see you next week at CAGNY.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thanks for squeezing me in.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Questions on margins. First, gross margin, I noticed in the Appendix you cited about 130 basis point tailwind from FX. Can you elaborate on the detail of what that is and give us some color in terms of the commodity backdrop that you've seen what inflation was last year, what your expectation is on the forward?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So let me just talk a little bit about our cost structure within cost of goods sold for 2016. Overall, we do expect net deflation driving gross margin expansion, and I'm speaking specifically excluding Venezuela. We're seeing a lot of volatility and inflation in Venezuela. So set Venezuela aside. Excluding Venezuela, we expect gross margin expansion. We are seeing raw and packaging material deflation in 2016. We also have our base productivity improvements, Project K, and we've set Project K that $100 million. About 75% to 80% of that runs through cost of goods sold. On the zero-based budgeting savings that we quoted, a little less than half of that is coming through cost of goods sold. But remember, Jason, we've said all along that we were going to invest in our food, and we've done that in 2015, and we're doing it in 2016. Renovating our foods, and launching granolas and mueslis based on consumer trends that we're seeing. That investment in food remains at about a 50 basis point headwind in relation to our gross margin performance. The other thing that we have impacting us in 2016 is some transactional currency exposure. So we had good hedges in 2015, some of those are rolling off and what we're seeing is some headwind, particularly around the Canadian dollar and the peso, but also some of the other international currencies as they've weakened versus the U.S. dollar. Now we're seeing about a 40 basis point headwind in relation to transactional currency exposure. So all up, slight net deflation and some gross margin expansion in 2016.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. Great color. One more question on margins, a bit higher order. Just looking at North America overall, you seem to set – I guess, our model goes back to 2003, we can't find a year where margins were this low in North America. I don't know if you go further back in time, kind of how far you have to go to get down to the 15% level? Looking across the space in food, your margins are going up. You look at your portfolio and you contemplate it and then you look at your margins and there seems to be a mismatch. What are the impediments of you getting back to that near 20% type margin that you had a bit more than a decade ago and what's the glide path forward to try to get there?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Jason, if you go back to our Investor Day and what we shared at the Investor Day, and I believe we even showed a chart at CAGNY, we did say that we had operating margin improvement opportunities in North America, where we may expect to grow our sales around low-single digits over the long-term. We said we had 200 to 250 basis points worth of operating margin expansion. And as you look at 2016 and how you'll see that play out for North America, you will see strong operating margin expansion within that business as a result of the zero-based budgeting work that they are doing and also savings from Project K.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Jason, if I could just add to what Ron said, there's absolutely no impediment to us improving our margins. We're absolutely committed to doing that. You'll see that in 2016 and beyond.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Very good. Good luck, guys. Thank you very much.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Two questions for me, if I can. One just a clarification, the commentary on the pacing of EPS that it would be roughly evenly distributed per quarter, I just want to make sure. Was that a reference to absolute EPS dollars or to EPS growth year-on-year? I assume the former, just wanted to make sure.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: You're absolutely right, Ken. So that's EPS dollars based on the things that I mentioned in terms of currency headwinds and below the line.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, Ron. And then, I guess this question is for anyone who wants to take it, but Nielsen data, they're really showing a very steep decline in private label cereal takeaway and it's very recent and sudden. Did this correspond with what you're seeing in the market? I appreciate that you and your branded peers are doing better, but that drop-off seems kind of unusual and it makes me wonder if it's accurately representing what's truly happening out there.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Ken, on private label data, you get the same data that we do. I think private label has been soft in a number of our categories now for a number of years. And I suspect what's happening there is that the U.S. consumer is getting stronger. Obviously, lower petrol prices is putting more cash into people's pockets, et cetera. And at the same time, you've got the branded players I think playing a much better game. We're investing back in our food. We've got strong brands. We've got outstanding in-store execution. All of those elements drive our business and provide a stronger offering. And, so, I think the trends, not just in Cereal, not just in the U.S., but in some of the other markets, but also in some of the other categories in the U.S., we've seen pretty weak private label sales now for a number of years.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. See you next week.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you very much. Good morning.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research LLC: I had two questions; one, clarification of free cash flow and then another sort of broader. The broader question is I see the improvement that's occurring in U.S. Morning Foods driven by Cereal. It's obviously positive, but it does seem like the one area that does continue to hinder much more accentuated top line growth is your snack bars. So I'm wondering, as you think about the Snack Bar category in general and relative to Cereal, what are the main differences you see to actually being able to recapture growth and take share and improve the top line off of a somewhat depressed Snack Bar performance relative to what you're doing in Cereal? And the reason why I ask is we've done a lot of work that just has shown that there really hasn't been that many new players in cereal over the past few years, but over the past, let's say, three to five years, there's just been a massive influx of brands that might make the category a bit more competitive. Thanks.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, great question. So within our U.S. Snacks business, we have four large segments or businesses, one of which is Wholesome Snacks. Within that, the key is to have great food that's on trend. Where we have that, we're growing strongly. So, Rice Krispies Treats is up high single digits in the fourth quarter. Some of our foods, though, are not as on-trend as they need to be. We've been renovating some of that food with Special K Chewy Nut Bar. We have worked on Nutri-Grain, et cetera, some Nutri-Grain bars coming out. So we believe we have strong brands. Our Wholesome Snacks piece is more about ensuring all of our foods are on trend. There's work that's been done there. We've done that work; we've seen better results and there's still more to do. But if you look at that Snacks business in totality, we have other large businesses in there beyond just the Cereal bar side, including crackers, where we have a strongly advantaged footprint, particularly with Cheez-It, where we're seeing strong growth. We have Pringles, and for Pringles around the world, we're seeing double-digit growth in Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and low-single-digit growth in North America. We believe we have an opportunity to drive much more growth around Pringles in North America as we go into 2016 and that will help our U.S. Snacks results. We have great areas of strength within cookies as well. So, as you think about our Snacks business, yes, there's some challenges on Wholesome Snacks. I think the answer to that is renovate, improve the food, continue to have strong brands, continue to execute in store, but it's really a food discussion. I think we're making great progress there. And then we have other sources of growth within that Snacks business. That's why we have confidence we'll get that business back to growth in 2016.
Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. Great. And then just a quick clarification on free cash flow, I know your guidance for the year is $1.1 billion, again, I know in 2015, you called out, you said $330 million of cash for Project K then that was offset by the supplier financing. When we think about 2016, I'm not sure if you stated it before, but if so, I'm sorry, if you could just remind me what the Project K cash outflow is expected to be net of supplier financing improvements, if there are any?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Sure. So let me give you a little bit of color on how our cash flow kind of holds together and the $1.1 billion that we guided after capital spending. And first, I think it's important to note that in 2016, we are converting net income to cash flow after capital spending at a rate of 100%. And in 2015, we actually did better than that. So we have a slightly elevated capital spending in 2016. We're in the 4% to 5% range. That includes Pringles growth, some capital behind that growth, and then as well some cash for Project K. Our cash for Project K is a couple of $100 million and what we're doing is we're continuing to roll out that supplier financing initiative to offset the cash requirements for Project K. We did just that in 2015 and we were able to offset the cash requirements for Project K based on the improvements we saw in our core working capital. So, we're expecting the same thing in 2016, and that's what's allowing us to convert our net income to cash at 100%.
Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yep.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess I wanted just a clarification on Venezuela, and thank you for the disclosure you put at the end of the press release because I think it really helps to clarify quite a bit. But I just wanted to make sure, so in the fourth quarter, Venezuela, because of the pricing, contributed about a little over 3.5% to currency neutral sales growth and it contributed about 2.5% to currency neutral operating income growth. So as we look at your guidance, and I heard you comment about revenues, you're basically I guess my interpretation of it is, to the extent that it has sort of impact on revenues, you're still looking at you're one to three as if, kind of normal. So if Venezuela contributes significantly more, there could potentially be upside to revenues. Would that same hold true for operating income as well? To the extent that it has the potential to deliver this type of impact on the growth to operating income, would you be looking at operating income the same way in terms of the effect of what a normal growth would be and how Venezuela affects it?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Bryan. Good question. And let me just kind of run through how Venezuela is impacting things. First, as we said in the prepared remarks, Venezuela was always included in our sales guidance, back in August, as we gave the original guidance. We always expected about a point of contribution from Venezuela to our sales performance. It's hard to predict and it's gotten even harder as inflation increased dramatically in the fourth quarter of 2015. And based on our projections that could continue as we move to 2016 as well and that's why we said we could see sales growth exceed the 1% to 3% range as a result of pricing actions we'll take in Venezuela to offset inflation and make sure that our business stays profitable. So we said excluding Venezuela, we still expect to be in that 1% to 3% range on sales. And also, on operating profit and earnings per share, excluding Venezuela, we expect to be in the ranges that we communicated. Okay?
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Now, remember, we're pricing to offset inflation. So it's possible that could throw off more profit but it remains to be seen. There are margin controls within Venezuela. Some may have the question as well, so why haven't we deconsolidated Venezuela, and let me just put that out there. In terms of Venezuela, we operate in a preferred industry, food, within the country and most of our inputs are locally sourced. Remember, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, one of the key criteria for deconsolidating is exchangeability of currency. We've been able to exchange bolivar for U.S. dollar in the fourth quarter of 2015 and also here in January of 2016. We have control over our business. As I said, we're profitable in local currency as well. We re-measured to the SIMADI rate in 2015 so it has become a smaller portion of our business as a result of that. We continue to monitor and manage the business and our team there is doing a superb job at that.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you. And thanks for the clarity on that. It's really helpful.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow of BMO. Please go ahead.
Vishal Bhailal Patel - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. This is Vishal in for Ken. Just a quick question for me. I wanted to confirm your response to an earlier question, I think you said that the global rollout of ZBB has already started. Is it fair to say that some of that margin improvement may flow through the P&L ahead of the late 2016 schedule that you kind of outlined at your Investor Day? And that's it for me. Thanks.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: So it remains to be seen. Obviously, our teams are progressing that initiative as fast as possible. We haven't provided any outlook in terms of 2016 from the international regions and we'll provide you an update when we have that, but our teams are trying to generate savings as quickly as possible from ZBB.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Just one thing I would add to that, if you think about Project K, that's that is giving us additional savings in 2016, 2017, 2018. We have ZBB for North America in 2016, additional rollout in 2017, international will be partially 2016, 2017, 2018. What we're working on as a company is not just having great earnings visibility into 2016 but into 2017, 2018 and beyond. So we're building a long-term pipeline of productivity programs here to drive that long-term earnings visibility.
Vishal Bhailal Patel - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. I appreciate it. Thanks.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everybody.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Eric.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Maybe this is a better question for CAGNY. But you've got hundreds of millions of ongoing productivity savings. You've identified ZBB, Project K savings on top of that. And I think, John, at the Analyst Day you had said we spend the right amount on advertising today and, if anything, we'll kind of optimize that and make it more efficient so there aren't necessarily incremental dollars going into that. It isn't clear to me why more of the savings aren't assumed to be helping your EBIT growth?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Eric, firstly, I think you're right on brand building, we have industry-leading levels of brand building. Obviously investing in our brands is important, but we have enough fuel in the tank to do what we need to do. So as you look at 2016, we expect our brand building to be largely flat to 2015. So I think we have the money there that we need to have. Obviously we are, as I told you, back at Day K, we're very focused on improving margins over time and we're very, very focused on getting back on our long-term growth algorithm. Our long-term growth algorithm, our 4% to 6% operating profit bottom line growth is a target, it's not a ceiling, and obviously the company will continue to do what we can do to drive performance over time.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: But – so, I guess, borrowing some bonus for Simon or something, you've got savings of – or you've got reinvestment in the quality of the food, right, as a partial offset, but then I think you said ZBB can kind of cover that. Maybe we'll follow up at CAGNY but it seems to me that the number is, especially of advertising is flattish, along with deflation, the numbers don't really add up to what is relatively modest margin expansion.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Eric, I think some of the $100 million of ZBB savings are within the brand building line, it's likely to get spent back into the brand building line. As you look at 2016, we're obviously continuing to invest back into our food. We're also investing back into the emerging markets. So I think you'll start to see the strategy to come through even in the regional results. As you look at 2016, we expect strong profit growth in North America and Europe, but now we're investing back in Asia Pacific and Latin America. So you'll see our investment decisions and where we're driving for margin come through our results as we go through 2016.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then last one for Ron just as a follow up to make sure I got it. The $0.04 of Venezuela hit in the first half of this year, and I think you said $0.02 to $0.03 of JV cost, are you excluding that or including those items?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: So the $0.04 on Venezuela in the front part of the year is part of the $0.10 of currency that I communicated. So that rolls right through our comparable earnings per share performance. The $0.02 to $0.03 is integration costs. And we do typically walk those out of comparable. That's to integrate those businesses.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay. See you next week. Thanks.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yep. Thank you. We have time for one more question.
Operator: Yes, sir. And our final question will come from Eric Larson of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you, everybody. Congratulations, team on really getting that sales momentum back on track. It's very encouraging. Ron, I just would like to follow-up. I have two quick questions. I'd just like to follow-up a little bit more on your free cash. Obviously, you've got some new capacity going into Pringles around the globe. Is some of your new growth initiatives – will most of that capital be a 2016 event, or will some of that carry into 2017? I guess, what I'm trying to do is get a feel for what we could see in 2017. And I know it is way too early for any kind of guidance, but I'm looking at the timing of your capital projects.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, fair enough and we're not trying to guide on capital spending for 2017 at this point in time. But on Pringles, I'd say we're growing this business very quickly, as John mentioned. We're growing high-single digits overall as a company and double-digits in some of the regions. So we're investing capital in 2016, but we see a glide path for continued growth and likely continued capital investment. Obviously, we're trying to squeeze as much capacity out of the current assets that we have, Eric, but we'll continue to invest behind that business as long as we're seeing strong growth.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Good. And then a question for either Ron or John but it relates to the first question, I think, that Dave asked in the conference call. And it's a meaningful investment that you made in your direct sales force in the U.S. Cereal business. The question that I have, as you get your Wholesome Snacks business, you get the right food and you invest in your food in that business and get everything lined up. Structurally, will your U.S. sales force, direct sales force, be responsible for the in-store market for your Wholesome Snacks or how is that structured?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's great question. As we think about our business, we require three things to really drive our business. One is to have great food. Second is strong bands and the third is in-store execution. And you think about that in-store execution, as you say, we're very pleased with the U.S. Cereal business, which is a warehouse sales organization. Our Snacks business is a DSD sales organization. We've made investments back into that organization as well. We're very happy with the power of DSD and the ability to win in-store with that system. I think the opportunity in our Snacks business is making sure the food is absolutely on trend and that's where we're focused and making great progress.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, everyone, and congrats again.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, everyone. Thanks very much. We'll be around, as usual, for questions, and we look forward to seeing everybody next week. Thanks.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-03 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon D. Burton - Vice President-Investor Relations John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Kellogg Company Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Simon Burton of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Simon D. Burton - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Gary, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for a review of our third quarter 2015 results. I'm joined here by John Bryant, Chairman and CEO, and Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you're aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investment and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Friday, November 6, and the call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. I'll now turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We are pleased that the momentum we've seen so far this year has continued to build through the third quarter. Total currency-neutral comparable revenue growth of 1% was above our top-line guidance for the full year and it builds on the flat growth we posted in the first half of the year. We saw sales respond to the investment we've made, continued stabilization in many of our businesses in the quarter and growth in the U.S. Specialty channels, Canadian, Latin American and Asia Pacific businesses. In addition, we continue to make great progress with our productivity initiatives. Overall currency-neutral comparable operating profit was in line with our expectations and included a significant impact from this year's rebasing of incentive compensation. Ron will discuss this in more detail, but, excluding this impact, currency-neutral comparable operating profit growth would've been approximately 6% in the quarter. We are raising our guidance for cash flow to $1.1 billion in 2015. We're on track to meet our guidance for currency-neutral comparable sales, operating profit and earnings per share in 2015. And we will achieve these results while setting up an even better year in 2016. The momentum we're building and our aggressive productivity programs give us confidence that we will meet our long-term targets for currency-neutral comparable net sales and operating profit growth in 2016 and beyond. We'll give you more color regarding our overall business at our Investor Day in a few weeks, but we are excited about the plans we have for each of our businesses and the performance we expect as a result. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ron for discussion of our financial results
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, John, and good morning. Slide 4 shows the financial results for the third quarter. Currency-neutral comparable net sales increased by 1%, greater than our full-year guidance for growth. We saw strong growth across many of our emerging and developing markets in Latin America, Asia Pacific and Europe. We are pleased with the performance of our U.S. Cereal business. U.S. Snacks improved sequentially. And we grew in the U.S. Specialty channel and Canadian businesses. And Pringles posted increased sales growth in each of our regions. Reported net sales declined by 8.5% due to foreign currency translation. Comparable operating profit declined by 2.3%; however, as John mentioned, that decline includes a headwind from the rebasing of incentive compensation this year. Without this impact, comparable operating profit would've been eight points higher and would have shown growth of approximately 6%. This reinforces our previous comments on the operating leverage in our business. Reported operating profit was $334 million in the third quarter, including items affecting comparability, as detailed in the appendices to our presentation. Comparable earnings per share were $0.85 in the quarter. And these results include $0.11 of currency headwind. So currency-neutral comparable earnings per share were $0.96, an increase of 2.1% from the third quarter of last year. Slide 5 shows the components of the quarter's sales growth. We had good price/mix realization despite some adverse country mix in Europe and Asia Pacific. Overall, volume declined by 1.6%. And while volume declined in our U.S. Cereal and Snacks businesses, we continue to see signs of stabilization. The Asia Pacific region posted good volume growth, as did Mexico, the Mediterranean and Middle East regions and Specialty channels in the U.S. And we continue to see strong volume performance from Pringles across the globe. The impact of foreign exchange lowered reported net sales by almost 10%, driven by a wide basket of currencies. And note that our devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar at mid-year represents almost half of the 10 point impact to sales. Slide 6 shows details regarding our third quarter currency-neutral comparable gross profit and gross margin. Gross margin in the third quarter improved by 20 basis points. Year-to-date gross margin remained unchanged from last year. Overall, commodity and packaging costs are deflationary and our strong productivity initiatives, combined with Project K savings, are benefiting our supply chain costs. However, we are seeing continued higher transportation costs. In addition, we are investing more money in our foods. Examples include our launch of granolas and mueslis across the globe and renovation of existing foods, such as Special K. The combination of these factors has resulted in relatively flat gross margins year-to-date. Slide 7 shows the third quarter operating profit performance for each of the regions. North America's currency-neutral comparable operating profit decreased by 3%. This was due to the slight decline in sales and a significant impact of rebasing incentive compensation. The rebasing reduced operating profit by eight points in the quarter. We expect further improvement in North America's currency-neutral comparable operating profit growth in the fourth quarter. Europe's operating profit increased by 3% in the third quarter. This growth was a result of deflation in commodities and strong productivity in cost of goods sold. And it also included an increase in brand building in the quarter. Operating profit in Latin America increased by 15%, as a result of strong sales growth in the region, including the impact from Venezuela. While we did see some adverse shift in the timing of sales in certain part of the region impacting our third quarter, we are growing volume and sales year-to-date. Operating profit decreased by 20% in the Asia Pacific region. We are investing some Project K savings in this region to drive growth, so the result includes investment in our brands and capabilities. Slide 8 shows our year-to-date cash flow. Year-to-date operating cash flow after capital expenditure was $580 million. This result includes year-to-date investment in Project K of approximately $260 million. And, as I mentioned last quarter, cash costs for Project K in 2015 will be approximately $350 million, the most in any year of the project. As you can see on the chart, we now expect full-year cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion, an increase of $100 million from our original estimate. This increase is due to accelerated performance of our supplier-financing initiative in the fourth quarter. In fact, we expect that this initiative will offset the approximately $350 million in full-year cash costs for Project K. Slide 9 shows our core working capital as a percentage of net sales. In the past, we have discussed our focus on working capital improvements and our supplier-financing initiative, in particular. Over the first nine months of this year, we have reduced our core working capital as a percentage of sales by more than one point. And, as I said, we expect accelerated progress on supplier-financing in the fourth quarter, and we are also evaluating new initiatives to unlock even more cash from our working capital. Slide 10 shows our guidance for 2015. We continue to expect that net sales will be approximately flat for the year. We now expect gross margin for the year to be relatively flat also. We continue to expect that operating profit will decline by between 2% and 4%, and we also still expect that currency-neutral comparable earnings per share will be in a range between flat and down 2%. And results for both currency-neutral comparable operating profit and earnings per share still include a negative impact of three points to four points from the resetting of incentive compensation. The expectations for sales, operating profit and earnings per share do exclude the impact of items affecting comparability. Our expectation for the impact of foreign exchange translation is now approximately $0.31 a share, an increase from the $0.29 per share we expected last quarter. This change is due to the Canadian dollar, the pound sterling and the Australian dollar. Our expectations for net interest expense have increased to between $225 million and $230 million, driven by slightly higher levels of debt associated with our acquisitions in Nigeria and Egypt. We now expect that the full-year tax rate will be between 26% and 27%, which will cover the impact of higher interest cost and other below-the-line items. Guidance for total capital spending remains in a range between 4% and 5% of sales, including approximately one point of sales for incremental capital to execute Project K, and we still expect share repurchases of approximately $700 million to $750 million for this year. Slide 11 shows our full-year earnings per share walk. Costs for the integration of acquisitions are still expected to be between $0.04 and $0.06 per share, although they could be to the high end of that range, given the recent acquisitions in Egypt and Nigeria. And we now anticipate that Project K's pre-tax profit and loss statement costs will be between $350 million and $400 million, or approximately $0.70 to $0.80 per share for the year. We expect that two-thirds of these costs will be in cost of goods sold. The change in the expected cost is simply due to the timing of projects between years. Project K remains on track. And our estimate for savings in 2015 and 2016 has not changed. Slide 12 shows our guidance for 2016. As we communicated on our Q2 call, we expect our currency-neutral comparable sales to be in our long-term guidance range for low single-digit growth. We also expect 4% to 6% growth in currency-neutral comparable operating profit. As we mentioned last quarter, if current sales growth trends continue, it could put us at the lower end of our long-term sales targets, but even if this happens, we will still meet our goals for operating profit growth due to the significant productivity programs we have underway. We expect currency-neutral comparable earnings per share growth of between 6% and 8%. And our outlook assumes a similar amount of share repurchases to the $700 million to $750 million we expect in 2015. And with that, I'll turn it back over to John for a discussion of operating performance by segment.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ron. Now let's turn to Slide 13 and the U.S. Morning Foods business. Results for the third quarter came in as we expected. The Kellogg brand gained share in the quarter and saw continued sequential improvement in consumption. In fact, our total consumption was essentially flat and we gained share. Importantly, category base sales were up in the quarter and we outpaced the category. Our six core cereals grew in combination and gained share. Raisin Bran posted double-digit growth, due to great advertising and the popular cranberry innovation. Overall, Mini-Wheats did well, as core Bite Size posted growth in both base and incremental sales and our second-half innovation did well, including Pumpkin Spice Mini-Wheats, which were a big hit. As you can see on the chart, Special K continued to benefit from activity that began in the second quarter. The brand posted increased sales and share gains again, just as it did last quarter. And our adult cereals in total, which have been an area of softness, returned to growth. And finally for Morning Foods, we've had a great reception for the innovation we have planned for the first quarter. For example, we're launching Special K Nourish, which is a cereal with positive nutrition and ingredients the consumer can see in the food. There are two SKUs in the U.S., Cranberry Coconut Almond and Apple Raspberry Almond. And both are made with a multi-grain quinoa flake. So the food includes fruits, nuts and on-trends grains like quinoa. You'll remember that this ready-to-eat cereal has been very popular in other parts of the world, and retail acceptance in the U.S. has been encouraging. We've got a lot of activity planned for the launch, and we're excited about the potential. Let's turn to Slide 14 and our U.S. Snacks business. Overall, we saw sequential improvement in the Cracker, Cookie, Wholesome Snack, and Pringles businesses in the third quarter. In all channels, overall consumption of our crackers was essentially flat in the quarter, and our big three brands posted low single-digit consumption growth in measured channels. The Cheez-It brand posted consumption growth of 3%, driven by increased display and the success of two new products, Cheez-It Grooves and Extra Toasty. In addition, Cheez-It also grew base sales at a mid-single digit rate, much faster than the category average. The Club brand also posted increased consumption and share gains as the core business performed well, and the new Town House and Kashi also gained share and now holds 0.6% share of the overall category. Our Special K Cracker and Popcorn Chips, which have been an adverse headwind, continue to impact results. And while we're continuing to be impacted by past losses in distribution, the products we restaged earlier this year posted slight consumption growth in the quarter. In the Cookie category, the Fudge Shoppe, Chips Deluxe, Famous Amos, Fudge Stripes and Mother's brands all posted consumption growth in the quarter. We have some strong brands which respond well to activity, and we're encouraged by recent performance. We're pleased that we're seeing sequential improvement in the business, although we have been impacted by a decline in 100 calorie packs this year, as we've discussed before. The Wholesome Snack business posted a low single digit decline in consumption in measured channels, plus the Club channel. And the Special K brand posted an increase in consumption of almost 3% across the same channels, driven by new Special K Chewy Nut Bars. The Pringles business posted low single digit sales growth, building on high single digit growth last year. Across all channels, including Club and Convenience combined, Pringles posted mid-single digit growth in the quarter. So the team has been doing a lot of work in each of the categories, and we're seeing sequential improvement as a result. There's a lot more to come as well. And we'll hear more about some of those plans at the Investor Day scheduled for later in the month. Slide 15 shows highlights regarding the U.S. Specialty segment. Comparable net sales in the Specialty channels increased by 6% in the quarter, with Foodservice, Convenience, and Vending channels all posted growth. The Foodservice performance was driven by the growth of whole grain offerings in the K through 12 school business. The Convenience business had an easier comp last year, due to a customer lowering their inventory. In addition, we also saw excellent broad-based growth across the categories in the Convenience channel. And year-to-date, we've grown share in the Cereal, Cracker, Wholesome Snack and Cookie categories. Finally for Specialty, the Pringles business also continues to do well. As you can see on the slide, our new Zip Dip product, Pringles and dip together, won the Retailer Choice Award for best new product in the Convenience channel and helped the overall Pringles business post double digit growth and gain share in Q3. The team continues to expect a strong fourth quarter for both sales and operating profit and are excited about our prospects for 2016. Slide 16 highlights performance of the North America Other segment, including the U.S. Frozen Foods, Kashi and Canadian businesses. In the Frozen Foods business, our Eggo hand-held sandwiches continued to perform well in the quarter. As you've seen in public data, consumption increased at a strong double digit rate, and we gained share. Elsewhere in the business, a number of items affected performance, including egg prices, network improvements, the timing of activity, and the drawing-down of inventories in anticipation of an exciting change to packaging. We ended the third quarter with low levels of retail inventory. And we expect a continued impact in the fourth quarter, with improvement in 2016. The Kashi business is seeing stabilized distribution and sequential improvement in cereal consumption and share performance, although sales still declined. In Cereal, our Sweet Potato Sunshine and sprouted grain cereals are doing well. In fact, overall consumption trends improved significantly as the year has progressed. In the latest data, year-to-date cereal consumption was down 13%, 12 week consumption was down 7% and four week consumption was down only 3%. So the team has done a great job and we're on track to return the business to growth in 2016. And we're increasingly confident about next year. We're focused on progressive nutrition and have some great introductions planned. In fact, our total weight of innovation in 2016 is twice what it has been in 2015. And finally, net sales for the Canadian business increased in the quarter, due to growth in Wholesome Snacks, Pringles and Frozen Foods and we grew share in the Cereal category. Unfortunately, the combination of the performance of the Frozen Food and Kashi businesses led to a quarterly sales decline in the segment. Let's turn to Slide 17 and our European business. The Pringles business in Europe posted strong double digit net sales growth in the quarter. The base business posted growth in the launch of Pringles Tortilla (sic) [Tortillas] in the UK and Germany also contributed to the overall performance. In addition, we had strong commercial initiatives across the region. And we expect continued good performance in the fourth quarter, traditionally the quarter of the year with the highest level of sales. We have exciting plans for the region's Wholesome Snack business in the fourth quarter and into 2016. As in many parts of the world, we are making significant investment in our food in Europe. This includes the relaunch of Special K Bars, an extensive innovation that will include completely new foods with fruits, nuts and seeds. The Cereal business declined in the quarter, as a result of continued difficult environment in the UK and parts of the continent. The focus for the team is to strengthen the overall plan and improve performance. With this in mind, we have included additional activity in the UK focused on Crunchy Nut, Krave, our porridge products, a tie-in with of Star Wars and increased levels of holiday promotions. In addition, there's exciting activity coming in the first quarter. We're taking lessons learned from the U.S. and applying them in the region. We're adding more red berries to Special K. And we're launching new products including cereals, mueslis and granolas and also launching Special K Nourish cereal. Slide 18 shows highlights for our Latin American business. Total currency-neutral comparable net sales increased at a double digit rate. Cereal sales in the region increased significantly. And we've seen good volume growth and have held or increased year-to-date share in strategic businesses like Mexico, Colombia and Brazil. These share gains have been driven by children's and family brands and the introduction of Kellogg's branded granolas and mueslis. Sales in the Snack business also increased in the quarter, driven by innovation and go-to-market activity. And we've gained year-to-date share in the Wholesome Snack businesses in Brazil and Colombia. The Pringles business continued to perform well and we've launched Pringles Tortilla (sic) [Tortillas] in the region. And our initiative to drive sales in high-frequency stores continues to go well. We've gained year-to-date share in this channel in Mexico, Colombia and Brazil and have increased the number of stores we're reaching at a double digit rate. There's a lot of opportunity in these channels in both the Latin American and Asian regions and that will continue to be a focus for us next year. The team in Latin America is expecting strong fourth quarter results, due to the high-frequency store program, the continued impact of granolas and mueslis, new bars launching in Brazil, new Special K Protein in Mexico and some significant brand-building events across the region. Plans for 2016 include more great innovation and brand-building events. However, as you know, a number of countries are facing a slowdown in their economies. And while we have plans to deal with this and the impact of transactional foreign exchange, it will remain a headwind in 2016. Let's turn to Slide 19 and our Asia Pacific business. We saw strong double digit growth in the Asian business in the third quarter. The Indian business posted double digit growth, driven by single-serve packs and strong results from the core brands. The Japanese business grew at a double digit rate, as the result of continued popularity of granola and packaging innovation. And the Korean business also grew at a double digit rate. The business in Sub-Saharan Africa and the Pringles business both posted high single digit sales growth. On Pringles specifically, we continued to see great results in the region and our activity and investment have gained traction. In addition, our new Pringles plant in Malaysia is performing well. The overall Asia Pacific segment posted currency-neutral comparable sales growth of 2% in the quarter. The Australian business continues to be difficult. And we also faced the impact of differences in the year-on-year timing of promotions in the quarter. We expect declines in Australia to moderate in the fourth quarter. And we have plans for further improvement in 2016. Let's turn to Slide 20 and comments on our JV's in Asia. Although they're not reported in Asia Pacific's results, both the Chinese and Nigerian businesses posted very strong growth in the quarter. In China, both Cereal and Snacks grew at a double digit rate and we gained share in the Cereal category. As you know, we announced in September our investment in West Africa. Specifically, we announced the acquisition of a 50% stake in Multipro, a premier sales and distribution company in Nigeria and Ghana. And we announced the creation of a snacks and breakfast joint venture across West Africa with Tolaram Africa, one of the largest food companies in the region. We are very excited about the investment that this region is experiencing explosive growth with a growing middle class. Nigeria alone has the largest population and economy in all of Africa. At the time of the transaction, we announced that the total company sales from Multipro were expected to be approximately $750 million in 2015. Just to put that into perspective, our Asia Pacific business posted total sales of slightly less than $1 billion last year, so you can see the transformational impact this acquisition has on the region and why we're so excited about the potential. Amit Banati, our head of Asia Pacific, will discuss both partnerships in more detail at the Investor Day, but I will say that we're very pleased to have these great relationships in place. And we're confident that they will be significant contributors to total corporate results in the years to come. Let's turn to the summary on page 21. Results for net sales growth and operating profit were in line with our expectations and we continue to build momentum. Currency-neutral comparable net sales increased by 1%. And currency-neutral comparable operating profit, excluding the impact of resetting incentive compensation, increased by approximately 6% and we also increased guidance for full-year cash flow. In the quarter, we saw improving trends in our U.S. Cereal business. We saw sequential improvement in our U.S. Snacks business. The Kashi brand continued to improve as we expected. Our International business continued to perform well. And importantly, our productivity programs continue to generate significant savings. And we're on track with both Project K and our zero-based budgeting initiatives. These two cost savings programs, in conjunction with our underlying productivity programs, give us a significant amount of visibility into future results. So, as I said, we are building momentum. With good performance in the third quarter and our visibility into increased efficiency, give us confidence that we'll meet our targets for 2015, 2016 and beyond. We recognize that we have a lot to do, but we have a plan. We know we can achieve our targets. Our employees around the world are doing great work. And, as always, I'd like to end by thanking them all. And now, I'll open up it up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. A question about the promotional activity; it seems that, as measured by Nielsen, the in-store promotional activity has been declining in Cereal, as it has been for many categories. Why do you think that is? And do you see promotion spending continuing to come out of the category? And is there perhaps a shift away from traditional in-store promotions towards other stuff, like consumer marketing and digital? Thanks.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We continue to see good merchandising performance behind our categories in-store. We have categories that do respond to that sort of merchandising activity. I think you have seen on an aggregate basis, some merchandising reduction. That actually is more tailored to what a small number of customers are doing in the area of specific clean store policies. In fact, we're lapping one of those larger customers, lapping that initiative sort of the middle of this year. So that should have less of an impact as we go forward. We are ultimately, though, focused on winning with the consumer through brand-building, through innovation, through engaging the consumer directly, but we feel good about our in-store merchandising performance.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then just a follow-up on your innovation comments, you said that you'll have double the innovation or have double the innovation activity heading into 2016 than you had in 2015. In food, we're never really sure if more means better when it comes to innovation. Are there reasons why you feel like your innovation will be more incremental or are there ways that you're changing your innovation process to make it more incremental? Thanks.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Great question, David. Let me just clarify that double the weight of innovation is actually a comment only for Kashi in 2016 here in the U.S. And we're doing a lot to invest back into our innovation process as a company to improve the performance of our innovation. We established our global category teams so we'd have a longer-term innovation platform coming out of those global category teams. In the case of Kashi specifically, pulling the team back in La Jolla, back in California, and allowing them to focus on the longer-term innovation to move at a faster pace, as is required in that particular segment of the market, is showing dividends. I think you've seen that in the Kashi business performance improving and also in that greater innovation coming through next year. And also, as you think about innovation, I think you can see more from us in the area of packaging as we try to hit the right package-price-product offering by channel, by market. So I think as you look at our innovation pipeline going forward, it's both a stronger pipeline in terms of we have a longer-term pipeline with our global category teams and it's a more diverse pipeline in that it's not just more food. It's food. It's packaging. It's in the core parts of the business as well as in the leading segments of the business as well.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thank you. I guess my question is if maybe can give us a little more color on how you're progressing on zero-based budgeting, you mentioned that you have better visibility into next year. And I would imagine that the ZBB efforts are starting to gain some momentum. Can you give us some updates on what areas of your cost structure you're focusing it on and where you expect to see the biggest benefits?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Rob. So our initiative is progressing well in North America. And, as we said earlier, we would be rolling that out across the globe as well. We have not started that work yet, but that should be beginning in 2016. We continue to have very good visibility to the $100 million of savings that we've communicated on zero-based budgeting, and that's specifically in North America. And you may recall, we said we're interrogating around $2 billion worth of discretionary spend. Now, that is just $2 billion within North America. So far, we've identified a number of things. We're looking across supply chain costs, supply chain overhead, distribution costs, and SG&A as well. We've noted a number of areas around our policies and practices, based on benchmarks that we have from this process. An example is travel and people-related costs. We found that we're investing or spending more money in some of those areas and there's a great opportunity to pull back. We've interrogated professional services as well. And we're looking into brand-building as well and dissecting our brand-building investment, both from a working perspective and a non-working perspective. One other thing that I do want to point out as well, as we get into 2016 and we provide more information on our guidance, we are unlikely to provide guidance around our gross margin percent and our brand-building percent to sales as well. Now, let me assure you, both of these are absolutely critical to our business. And we remain focused on investing behind our brands and building our brands and maintaining a strong gross margin. But the advent of zero-based budgeting and how that may change the complexion of our profit and loss statement as well as the changing landscape, how you build brands, the shift of TV media to digital media as well and the investments we're putting back in our food, make it difficult for us to provide specifics on those items.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I'm sorry, Ron. You said that it's going to be more difficult to provide gross margin guidance going forward?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: What I'm saying is we won't be providing those details going forward. Obviously, we have a plan and understand where our gross margin and our brand-building are going, but we won't be providing those details because of the shifting landscape as a result of our zero-based budgeting initiative.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): All right. I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Morning, Eric.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I guess a couple of questions, with the understanding you're going to have the Analyst Day shortly. I guess first, I guess this is kind of after the quarter closed, but one of your competitors had a pretty big recall with their biggest brand. And I'm wondering if you're seeing a benefit to that or has the category overall been hurt by that? Maybe you could just go a little bit into that. And I have some follow-ups.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Eric, I think we're seeing a very strong performance from the U.S. Cereal category. It's improved significantly over the last couple of years. Total consumption is relatively flat. And within our business, we're seeing a significant improvement within our core brands, also in the two brands that we've struggled with over the last few years, Special K and Kashi. You're seeing significantly better performance from those brands as we go forward. So I don't think that particular event that you're pointing to has had a meaningful impact on the category or our business. I think it's good for us all to get past those sorts of events. And I think you're seeing a better longer-term build in the performance of the category over time.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then, I guess, Ron, in answer to Rob's question, maybe can you quantify, at least this year, how much more you're spending in terms of the quality food initiative, like the higher-cost ingredients? Like how much is that, let's say, limiting your gross margins?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: So we haven't quantified that specifically, Eric, but it's probably 20 basis points or 30 basis points of impact that we're seeing within our business, depending upon which quarter you're looking at, based on the roll-out of granolas and mueslis across the globe, the renovation we're doing around Special K and some of our other foods as well.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then last thing, I know this is small, but I noticed in the release that you restated $3 million of sales due to restructuring and other items. Why would sales be restated as a function of a restructuring?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: In some cases, Eric, we are having to change our foods. It's requiring us to pull turn product from shelf and re-slot new product in its place. So these are listing fees, in some cases, associated with them.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So you felt that was part of a, like a restructuring?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: It is specifically related to the Project K network initiatives that we're conducting.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right, I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, everybody.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Andrew.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Morning.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I know that you've talked about continuing to expect your sales and EBIT growth in line with your long-term algorithm in 2016. And I guess for the first time, you provided the EPS part of that for next year, which, I guess, at 6% to 8%, is maybe slightly below what the long-term algorithm has been. And maybe it's just splitting hairs and conservatism or just maybe it's a higher tax rate, but trying to get a sense of why you wouldn't be getting maybe the typical below-the-line benefit that you'd expect. And if you can provide some perspective on that, that would be helpful.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Absolutely, Andrew. So we do have an expectation for slightly higher interest costs, with the potential for rates moving higher into next year. In addition, we're seeing lower than normal tax rate this year, as a result of tax planning initiatives that we've undertaken. We communicated a 26% to 27% rate for 2015. So we do expect that rate to tick up slightly. And then offsetting that are the normal share repurchases that we'll conduct over the course of the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks for that. And then, yeah, thanks for the clarity on the impact to gross margin of food quality and such. I guess I'm trying to get a sense, and I don't think, I guess, you'll be giving guidance on this per se next year, but I guess directionally from a gross margin standpoint with the favorability around some commodity movements of late, all of the ongoing productivity you have, the Project K, the ZBB impact, which ramps up dramatically next year, shift to digital and such, I guess I'm trying get a sense, I would think gross margin directionally would accelerate quite a bit year-over-year versus the flat result that we're likely to see this year. Is there anything that I'm missing in how I'm thinking about that?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: In terms of our gross margin performance for next year, obviously, we haven't quantified it yet. And you're right. We are seeing some deflation in some of the exchange-traded commodities. Now obviously, that's just the commodity aspect of that item. We are seeing inflation, though, in other commodity elements. For example, fruits, nuts, cocoa, rice are escalating. And we're seeing higher distribution costs and slightly higher factory costs, but we're being able to offset that with our strong productivity initiatives and Project K savings as well. So overall, at this point in time, we're expecting our input costs to be relatively neutral, offset by our productivity.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Good morning, guys. Thanks very much. I wanted to ask about the Cereal category. John, you mentioned, you'd seen some improved trends there. And it's a simple question, but it touches on a lot of things. What's allowing for improved trends in both the category and for yourself? Is it a change in the number of occasions, like you're losing fewer occasions? Or is it a change – and I'm talking about the category level here – in share, meaning like are more people eating breakfast or maybe less worse change in fewer people eating breakfast? Or is it that Greek yogurt or other breakfast options kind of or maybe Foodservice kind of reached a high watermark and it's ceasing to eat into Cereal's lordly share advantage in the breakfast occasion? Thanks very much.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jonathan, yeah, we've seen on breakfast, we've actually seen consumption of breakfast at home growing, so it's not the issue around QSRs, et cetera. It's been more how we compete at that breakfast occasion at home. If you go back to the 2000s, obviously, our business in the category grew quite strongly. And what was growing our business at that time were the adult cereals. If you look at what's happened here more recently, those adult cereals, particularly Special K and Kashi, went quite soft. By the end of the third quarter, we actually saw our adult cereals return back to growth. You're seeing Special K return to growth behind movement and positioning. It got caught in a little bit more of a diet positioning towards a wellness positioning now, with new foods coming out that support that. Kashi, between the team in California ramping up the innovations, staying on trend with foods that are evolving and emerging in the marketplace, and you're seeing how the innovation is starting to drive that business back to a better place. And then even a business like Raisin Bran, where we have a cranberry innovation, some great advertising that's on-trend and we're seeing double digit growth in that brand. So I think a lot of this has to do with what we are doing to drive our business. And, quite frankly, the category performance is a combination of what manufacturers do, rather than a determinate of how all manufacturers do it, so if all the manufacturers do better, the category does better.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Sure, just a follow up on your answer there, John, you said the adult cereals came back. I don't know how you slice and dice what's an adult cereal for a competitor, but do you get the sense that's true for your competitors as well, that it's that adult segment that's come back or is it just better execution, do you think, at Special K?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I guess I'm more focused specifically on our business. I'd say our business is doing better and that's what's driving certainly our section of the adult segment. And to your point, it is difficult on some of those brands to define what's an adult brand, what's a kid brand, since roughly half the consumption in the kid brands are actually adult consumption, but when we have adult-targeted brands like this, like Raisin Bran and Special K, we've seen those businesses come back.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Great. Thanks very much
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Alexia
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So, a couple of quick questions, U.S. Snacks, we obviously read in the press that you might've been interested in a Snacks acquisition recently. That doesn't seem to be going to you at this point. How are you thinking about maybe building out your U.S. Snacks business to get more out of your DSD system in the U.S.? And then I have a follow-up.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me step back a bit and just provide some thoughts on M&A in general, since you had that entry point into the Snacks question. On M&A, we are obviously looking at a number of opportunities around the world. You've seen the company execute three transactions in just the last several months: two acquisitions in Egypt, the largest cookie, cracker company there and the largest cereal business there; and then our West Africa and Nigeria investment. And all three of those are great investments, combination of Snacks, emerging markets, et cetera, and so as you think about our M&A strategy, obviously, the intersection of Snacks and emerging markets is a very interesting place for us to play. We also would look at M&A in a market like North America in natural and other areas that would be good bolt-ons to our business. On Snacks itself, we have an outstanding DSD platform. It's a company-owned DSD platform. It's an advantaged platform compared to a lot of other DSD platforms out there. And we believe we have an opportunity to keep driving that platform over time. And we're focused on improving the hit rate of innovation in this business. We're seeing good growth in Crackers behind Cheez-Its. We have opportunities in Cookies. We've got some work to do in Wholesome Snacks. So we had some good progress there on the DSD business.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And then as a follow up, can I just calibrate my expectations from what success in U.S. Cereals looks like in 2016? I know you were feeling pressure earlier in the year to really get the U.S. Cereal business back on track by the end of the year. It seems as though you're talking in a very positive way about it. You've got a lot of innovation coming down the pipe, but the U.S. Morning Foods organic sales are still down 2.6%. So is it enough just to be gaining share in a category that's down or what's the color? What's the description of what good looks like for next year?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would say, Alexia, in a market like the U.S., given the performance of the category in recent years, if we could stabilize the U.S. Cereal business in a stable category, I'd define that as success. So in the context of the Kellogg Company portfolio and hitting our low single digit sales growth target next year, we don't need to see growth from the U.S. Cereal business.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Ken.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Morning.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just two follow ups to questions, one is you did say that the environment is deflationary. How do you think that's going to play out in the promotional environment and which categories are most insulated and which ones are most affected by it? And my next point, I just want to make sure I got it right, is you pointed out that sales may be at the lower end of next year's guidance. Can you talk about why you're already there before the year starts?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ken, great questions. So on the potential deflationary impact on cost of goods and how could that play out in the marketplace, if you look across our categories, our categories are very rational. They compete more on the quality of brands, on the quality of innovation, on ideas, on in-store execution. They are intensely competitive categories, but they're ones that tend to be fairly stable in pricing over time. So I feel good about the dynamic there and don't see that necessarily being disrupted. On the question of sales guidance, I think there's maybe some confusion there. If you look at the company, we are building momentum. Last year, our internal sales were down around 2%. This year, we're around flat. And next year, we're giving guidance of 1% to 3%. So if you drew a straight line through that trend line, you get down 2%, flat, say, up 2%. The point we tried to make on our guidance for next year is we don't need to deliver 2%, 3% sales growth in order to deliver the 4% to 6% operating profit growth. Our comment there was about the strength and visibility we have into our productivity programs. And so we believe that if we hit even the low-end of our sales guidance, or even if we were flat on our sales performance next year, we still have the visibility in those productivity programs to hit the 4% to 6% operating profit range. If I add to that, if I'm thinking about our guidance for next year and you asked me the question where is the risk within that guidance, I think the risk is more on the sales guidance than in the operating profit guidance, is another way of getting at what we're trying to say.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. I appreciate the clarity.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I've just two questions; just the first one is on the FX in Latin America. And I guess in this quarter, Venezuela had a pretty meaningful impact. I think it was like a 61% adjustment to sales and 71% adjustment to operating income. Is that like a catch-up one-time thing or will we have a few quarters of like meaningful negative effect from FX?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, good question, Bryan. Thanks for allowing me to clarify. That will impact us as we go through the back half of this year. So this is the translational impact associated with remeasuring Venezuela from the 6.3 bolivar to the U.S. dollar to effectively 200 bolivar to the U.S. dollar. So you'll see an impact for that translational change through the back half of 2015 and into the first half of 2016 as well.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And roughly same order of magnitude; is that right?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Will depend on the size of the business, but, yes, a little bit lower as we move into the front half of next year.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, John, the second question is just around Special K. And I don't know how easy this is to answer, but as the starting point in terms of rebuilding the brand, one of the things was to go after the positioning and kind of positioning away from a weight loss brand to being more of a just more generally healthy brand. How much of the sort of the improvement in Special K has been that that positioning is actually occurring, so consumers are reacting to sort of a different positioning away from weight loss? And if you could also, within that, just talk about how the core Special K business has done, ex the new products?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Great question. I think we are seeing the brand make that transition to more of a wellness brand, weight wellness brand then a diet brand. The turnaround in Special K, of course, is not just that positioning in isolation. It's also changing the food, in some cases, to be consistent with that positioning. I think where we've made changes to our food, we've seen even more progress than where we have some legacy foods in place. A lot of food changes, though, are not just new foods in terms of innovation. They're renovating the current foods. And so when you ask the question, well, how much is that new versus the base? Take Special K Red Berries. Adding more red berries to Special K and reinforcing the berries in there really has had a very positive impact on the Special K business in the U.S. And so it's hard for me to tease apart what is food and what is non-food-related. But the good news is we're definitely seeing people respond to that program, not just here in the U.S. but also in Canada, and we're seeing the brand do better.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you. Look forward to seeing you in a couple of weeks.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the questions.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Just two questions, first on brand-building, I know you called out Europe specifically as seeing increased spending during the quarter, but can you just update us for Q3 and maybe year-to-date how brand-building overall is trending, constant currency or as a percent of sales, and how you see this sort of trending into 2016 as Project K savings build, how dependent that may be on how sequential sales trends evolve from here?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's a great question. It's probably worth spending a little bit of time talking about brand-building. Obviously, brand-building is critical to the long-term performance of the Kellogg Company. And the strength of our brands is something that we're absolutely focused on. And you can see that in that we have industry-leading levels of brand-building and we're committed to those brands. At the same time, we are seeing a transformational change in how you build brands. Think about the transformational changes we've seen in the past from print to radio to TV and now to social, mobile, digital, et cetera. As you go through each of these transformational changes, the amount and how you spend brand-building fundamentally changes. And so as we see people skipping more ads on TV, as we see people, particularly millennials, using their mobile devices, social media, et cetera, having a larger impact, we have to change our brand-building model. And as we do this, we have to both identify what's not working as well as it has in the past and where should we invest more money. Now, we're seeing very good ROIs on digital-type spend, so we're seeing more of our money migrate in that direction. But because of this sea change, it's very hard for us to say where our brand-building is going in the future. I certainly feel like we spend enough money on brand-building. And so as we look, say, into 2016, we will have zero-based budgeting savings in brand-building. Some or all of that will get reinvested back into brand-building, but I don't think we need to continue to increase our brand-building as such. And so our brand-building as a percentage of sales may be flat, may even decline slightly, but don't take that as a lack of commitment to brand-building. Take that as a recognition that how you build brands, how you engage with consumers as they engage with media differently, is changing at such a pace here that we have to reevaluate our entire model and continue to push the edge on how much we need to spend to build these great brands.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, John. That's helpful. And then secondly, I just wanted to come back to the comparability issues you've been facing in the Cracker category, specifically on the Cracker Chips, because it feels like we've been talking about it for a few quarters. We probably should now be starting to approach the point where we could start lapping some of those distribution losses. How are you thinking about the ability of that dynamic to be a tailwind next year or should we simply be looking for the headwind to moderate or normalize?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So we have renovated our Special K Cracker Chip business. And that has resulted in velocity stabilizing, so now we're just lapping lost distribution. There may be parts of that business that also get eliminated over time. We come back to a stronger core number of SKUs. So it's certainly becoming less of a headwind. It's been a pretty major headwind across this year. So it'll probably be there, but to a lesser degree in 2016.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, folks. Thank you for the question.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Jason.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I want to come back to the question on Venezuela. Can you give us, first, can you quantify? I'm not sure how Spillane got his math on this one. I probably just haven't read in the detail he has on this one, but what the bottom-line hit was on Venezuela translation this quarter? And also, how much the pricing in Venezuela contributed to organic sales growth, or said differently, what would LatAm organic sales look like if Venezuela was not in the base?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, so first of all, in Venezuela, let me remind you of how that remeasurement has impacted our results. And then, as well, there's a translational impact. So in the second quarter, we took a significant charge as a result of our revaluing our balance sheet. We took a small charge as well in the third quarter for about $0.41 of earnings per share impact. It's more the transactional impact of remeasuring that business. Also in the third quarter, we would've taken the translational impact of remeasuring that business to the 200 bolivar to the U.S. dollar. And that's roughly around $0.04 or so of earnings per share impact. And, as I said, in terms of a sales impact, it was a little less than half of that 10 point impact to sales.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: As you think about what's happening in Latin America generally, there's no question that Venezuela drove the sales growth you saw in the third quarter. On a year-to-date basis, local currency growth ex-Venezuela would be up low single digits. But it's worth remembering within that, that our Pringles business is a U.S. dollar-denominated business. And so what you're seeing there is actually U.S. dollar growth in Pringles, as opposed to true local currency growth. Local currency Pringles was up strong double digits, but that obviously translates to very low U.S. dollar performance, given where the exchange rates have moved. So it's actually kind of hard within our results to get back to a pure local currency ex-Venezuela for Latin America. What I would say in Latin America is we are seeing a slowdown in economies in Latin America in general, and in our business as well. We are gaining share in key businesses, such as Brazil, Mexico, Colombia. As we go into 2016, we expect this business to continue to be challenged a little bit with the macroeconomic headwinds of the exchange rate movements and how that's impacting consumer demand in the region.
Simon D. Burton - Vice President-Investor Relations: Gary, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Larson with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thanks for sneaking me in, guys. I appreciate it. Just a follow-up on the headwinds that you're facing kind of in the U.S. business, one is Kashi, which you're starting to transform and renovate. And the other, obviously, is in the cracker chips side, where you're up against some difficult comps, which was a previous question just recently. If you exclude the negative impact of Kashi on U.S. Morning Foods and the Cracker Chip business in your U.S. Snack business, what would your organic sales growth rates have been?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Eric, I don't have that math to hand. But I think it is fair to say that we have some headwinds this year that, in some respects, masks our underlying performance and as we go into 2016 with those headwinds. And I think that's another reason why we have confidence that we are building momentum and will be a better position as we go into 2016.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Maybe we'll drill down that further in your Analyst Day. And then, the next question is probably for Ron. Ron, obviously, you're generating more free cash this year. I know that this year is your peak cash spending for Project K. You've got some more, I think, in 2016 and 2017. But $350 million of cash costs this year, and maybe you gave this number. I don't have it. What are your cash costs expected for Project K next year? What would be additive to cash next year from just lower cash costs for Project K 2016?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Sure. So first, Project K, after-tax cash for the entire four-year project is about $1 billion. That includes capital spending and the other elements of cash to execute the program. More than half of that will have occurred through 2015 business. So we were well over $200 million last year, approximately $350 million this year. So our cash requirements are a bit less as we move into 2016 and 2017 and then closing up in 2018. Just a thing and I think it's important to note in both 2014 and 2015, we focused on our working capital improvements and essentially we have been able to offset that impact of the increased cash for Project K through working capital improvements and specifically the supplier-financing initiative.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Simon Burton for any closing remarks.
Simon D. Burton - Vice President-Investor Relations: Okay, everyone. Thanks very much for joining us. We'll be around for the next few days to answer any questions. And anybody who still wants to register for the Analyst Day in two and a half or so weeks, please get a hold of IR. We'll take care of getting you signed up. Thanks.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-04 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon D. Burton - Vice President-Investor Relations John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Paul Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America
Analysts: Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Vishal B. Patel - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Alexis N. Borden - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC David H. Hayes - Nomura International Plc Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Please note this event is being recorded. Thank you. At this time, I will turn the call over to Simon Burton, Vice President of Investor Relations for Kellogg Company. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference call.
Simon D. Burton - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Gary, and good morning. And thank you, everyone, for joining us for a review of our second quarter 2015 results. I am joined today by John Bryant, Chairman and CEO; Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer; and Paul Norman, President of Kellogg North America. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you're aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second side of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available via phone through Tuesday, August 11. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And now I'll now turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Results for earnings were in line with our expectations for the second quarter. Comparable sales were approximately flat to last year and comparable earnings were $0.92 per share. The better performance we saw in the U.S. Cereal business in the first quarter continued in the second quarter, and we again saw good performance across the international regions as well. The benefits we have seen from our initial investment Project K have continued. And we expect it to continue to build momentum in the second half of the year. We're on track to meet our guidance for the full year. Specifically, we expect: approximately flat currency-neutral comparable sales; a decline in currency-neutral comparable operating profit of between 2% and 4%, including a negative impact of three to four points from rebasing of incentive compensation; and currency-neutral comparable earnings per share to be between flat and down 2%, also impacted by compensation. Our performance in 2015 represents a significant improvement from 2014. And we believe that we are building a foundation for better results in the future. As a result, our improving momentum and increasing visibility into productivity programs are driving our confidence that we will achieve our long-term targets for sales and operating profit growth in 2016. So with that in mind, I'd now like to talk about some of the things that give us that confidence. First, let's turn to Slide 4 and a discussion about momentum. Paul and the team have done a great job of improving the performance of our U.S. Cereal business this year. And while we definitely have more to do to improve category performance, we're confident that we're focusing our investment on the right drivers of sales growth to continue recent trends. We're improving our food. We've invested in our sales force. And we're improving the effectiveness of our brand building. In addition, as you've seen in recent quarters, our international businesses have been performing well. Europe has seen some better results in a difficult environment, and growth has been good in Latin America and in Asia. Secondly, our investment in Project K has helped to drive the improved momentum. It has provided us with the funds to invest in the Kashi organization and a significant number of new sales reps in both our warehouse and DSD sales forces in the U.S. and in our coverage of high-frequency stores, largely in emerging markets. These investments have already had an impact and will help to drive even better results next year. Finally, we've made some significant structural changes to our business. Paul will bring his experience and knowledge to running the North American business. Also, we have recently hired Craig Bahner to run our Morning Foods business. And we've also hired Deanie Elsner, who was most recently CMO at Kraft Foods, to run our U.S. Snacks business. I believe that our management team is now the best we've had in years and represents the right mix of experienced industry professionals from outside the organization and talented long-term Kellogg employees. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Ron.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, John, and good morning. Slide five shows the financial results for the second quarter. As you've likely seen, our reported results include a remeasurement of our Venezuelan business to the SIMADI rate of VEB 198 to the US$1. Venezuela is a volatile market and our circumstances changed in the second quarter. We experienced disruption in our business operations driven by reduced access to U.S. dollars for inputs to support production. As a result, we remeasured our business accordingly. The financial impact of this remeasurement is disclosed in detail in the appendices to our presentation materials. Reported net sales declined by 5.1% due to the devaluation of international currencies. Currency-neutral comparable net sales were essentially flat, in line with our guidance for the full year. We saw strong broad-based growth in Latin America and Asia-Pacific. And in addition, our U.S. Frozen Foods business grew, as did our Canadian business. Reported quarterly operating profit was $412 million and included Project K execution costs and the impact of the remeasurement of the Venezuelan business. Quarterly currency-neutral comparable operating profit decreased by 6.8%, in line with our expectations. The decline was due to timing of manufacturing costs and higher distribution costs as well as the impact of resetting incentive compensation. Comparable earnings per share, which exclude integration costs, mark-to-market adjustments, Project K costs, $0.37 per share from the remeasurement of the Venezuelan business and other items that affect comparability, were $0.92 per share in the first quarter. These results include $0.05 of currency headwind as a result. Currency-neutral comparable earnings were $0.97 per share. Slide six shows details regarding the second quarter sales growth. Comparable revenues for the quarter increased 0.1%, a slight improvement from the first quarter, and included a 0.5% increase in price/mix, driven by our Latin America business. We saw good volume growth in Asia-Pacific and Latin America, driven by growth in Cereal. And several of our North American businesses grew volume as well. The slight decline of 0.4% is primarily due to Cereal in developed markets, but as Paul will discuss later, we are seeing improving trends in U.S. Cereal. Currencies lowered reported net sales by 5.5%, driven mostly by the euro, the peso, the Canadian dollar and the pound. Slide seven shows our year-to-date currency-neutral comparable gross profit and gross margin. Year-to-date gross margin was broadly in line with last year and with our guidance for the full year. While we have recognized lower material costs and we continue to generate strong productivity improvements across our supply chain, we are seeing higher inflation and distribution costs and, as I mentioned earlier, some timing on our manufacturing costs versus prior year. In addition, we are investing in our food across the globe. Recall that we mentioned that some of the Project K-related savings would be invested in our food. This includes the renovation of Kashi and Special K as well as the launch of granolas and mueslis in a number of countries. Slide eight shows the quarterly currency-neutral comparable operating profit performance for each of the regions. North America's operating profit decreased by 13%. This was the result of sales declines, increased distribution costs, timing of costs in our factories and the resetting of incentive compensation levels. We do expect results to improve as we progress through the balance of the year. Europe's operating profit increased by 6% in the quarter, driven by broad-based improvement in cost of goods sold, including Project K savings, and the timing of brand-building investments, which are weighted more to the second half of the year. Quarterly operating profit increased by 9% in Latin America as a result of strong sales growth. This quarter's growth included a significant increase in investment in brand building. Operating profit increased by 76% in the Asia-Pacific region. This is the result of double-digit sales growth in Asia and South Africa, lower cost of goods sold and comparisons to last year. In addition, the region saw some benefit due to the timing of brand building between the second quarter and the third quarter. The growth in operating profit also included continued investment in capabilities in the region. Slide nine shows our year-to-date cash flow. Year-to-date operating cash flow, after capital expenditure, was $323 million. Cash flow in the second quarter was $311 million, which represented an improvement of more than $50 million from the second quarter of last year. We saw good performance in our core working capital, as I'll discuss in a minute. We continue to expect full-year cash flow of approximately $1 billion. Our cash requirements for Project K are the highest in 2015 and this is impacting our year-to-date position, but we remain on track to meet our outlook for the year. And, of course, returning cash to shareowners remains a priority for us. In total, we've returned more than $2 billion to shareowners over the last two years through dividends and share repurchases. Slide 10 shows our core working capital as a percentage of net sales. As you can see, our performance had flattened out over the past several years, but we've made a lot of progress improving our position recently and have best-in-class levels of working capital. We said that we would improve performance further to unlock cash flow after the acquisition of Pringles and to help us fund cash requirements for Project K. And our supplier-financing initiative has contributed significantly to this improvement. Slide 11 details our currency-neutral comparable guidance for 2015, which has not changed. We continue to expect that net sales will be approximately flat for the year. We now expect a relatively neutral balance between inflation and the combination of productivity improvements and Project K savings. We've seen slightly more cost come through our materials and distribution, but we have been able to manage the impact in our outlook. Our materials are more than 90% covered. As a result, we expect gross margin for the year to be flat to up slightly. We expect that operating profit will decline by between 2% and 4%. We also still expect that currency-neutral comparable earnings will be between $3.74 and $3.82 per share, or in a range between flat and down 2%. Guidance for both operating profit and earnings per share include the impact of resetting incentive compensation. The expectations for sales, operating profit, and earnings per share exclude the impact of last year's 53rd week, the impact of the remeasurement of the Venezuelan business, and the impact of currency translation. Our expectation for the impact of foreign currency translation is now approximately $0.29 a share, up from the $0.24 per share we expected last quarter. This includes our estimate that the currency headwind from translating future 2015 earnings for our Venezuela business at the SIMADI rate will be approximately $0.10 per share. This will offset some improvement we've seen in other currencies. Our tax rate is still expected to be between 27% and 28%, and interest expense is expected to be between $215 million and $225 million. We continue to anticipate that cash flow after capital spending will be approximately $1 billion, as I mentioned. And this includes total incremental cash costs of $350 million for Project K, partially offset by benefits from our supplier-financing initiative and other cash flow initiatives. Total capital spending should be in a range between 4% and 5% of sales, including approximately one point of sales for incremental capital associated with Project K. And our current plan is that we will repurchase between $700 million and $750 million of shares in 2015. Slide 12 shows our full year earnings per share walk. Costs for the integration of Pringles and Bisco Misr in Egypt are still expected to be between $0.04 and $0.06 per share. Project K's pre-tax P&L costs are anticipated to be between $400 million and $450 million, or approximately $0.80 to $0.90 per share for the year, 75% of which will be in cost of goods sold. And the impact of the remeasurement of Venezuela, in addition to the translation impact of $0.10 per share, is expected to be approximately $0.43 per share in total. A small amount of the remeasurement will impact our second half of the year. Incremental savings from Project K are still expected to be between $90 million to $100 million for the full year, and approximately two-thirds of this will come from cost of goods sold. For the remainder of the year, we expect comparable earnings per share delivery, including the impact of foreign exchange, to be approximately evenly split across the next two quarters. Our foreign currency headwind is much greater in the third quarter, as currencies had already begun to devalue in the fourth quarter of last year. And with that, I'll turn it over to Paul for a discussion of our North America business.
Paul Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America: Thanks, Ron. Good morning, everyone. Let's first turn to the performance of the businesses within the North America segment. Let's start with the Morning Foods business. As you may have seen in public consumption data, the performance of the cereal category has improved this year. Total consumption across all channels was approximately flat in the second quarter, and, importantly, Kellogg branded sales were essentially flat, too, with our sixth largest cereal brands collectively growing sales and share in the quarter. This performance was driven, in part, by the good performance of the Special K brand, one of our main areas of focus over the last year. I'll talk more about this and Morning Foods in a minute. Moving onto U.S. Snacks, we saw mixed results in the second quarter, with sales down 1.8%. Pringles grew nicely. Consumption trends in crackers and cookies improved, but we experienced continued weakness in wholesome snacks. In Crackers, our Cheez-It brand grew sales on a full point of share in the quarter. In fact, excluding Special K Cracker Chips, our total Cracker business grew sales and share. On Special K Cracker Chips, velocities are improving; however, prior losses of distribution continue to weigh heavily on our year-over-year performance. In Cookies, consumption and share trends also improved in the quarter, with our Fudge Shoppe, Sandies and Simply Made brands all showing consumption growth. In both Crackers and Cookies, our innovation is weighted to the back half, with new items such as Cheez-It Extra Toasty, Town House Focaccia, Chips Deluxe Peanut Butter with M&Ms, and Simply Made Sandwich Cremes amongst the numerous launches coming to market now. Whilst Pringles, crackers and cookies all showed positive signs in Q2, wholesome snacks continued to underperform. Rice Krispies Treats and our base Nutri-Grain foods performed quite well; however, distribution losses on prior innovation have impacted our businesses this year. We are committed to improving the performance of U.S. Snacks, and this will be an area of focus for me in coming months. Moving on to the Specialty Channels business, sales declined by approximately 1% in the second quarter, although our business improved as the quarter progressed. In the Convenience channel, we saw share growth in five of the seven categories in which we compete, although we did see some weakness in foodservice, partially due to the exit from some unprofitable business. We are confident that our Specialty Channels business will grow in the second half. The final business is the North America Other segment. This is the combination of Frozen Foods, the Canadian, and the Kashi businesses. Frozen Foods posted currency-neutral comparable net sales growth, driven by strong results from the Eggo brand. Eggo Waffles saw momentum in consumption, increased share, increased base sales, and gains in penetration and buy rate. In addition, Eggo handheld Breakfast Sandwiches continue to do really well in their first year. And we also saw good sales growth in the Canadian business, as Cereal, Frozen Food, and Snacks all posted growth, with sales of Pringles up at a high teen rate. As expected, sales of the Kashi business declined in the second quarter, which led to a decline in total North America Other segment sales of about 1.3%. While sales were down, the trend improved as the team began to launch new products and reestablish distribution. I'll come back to Kashi in a minute. And now over the next few slides, I'd like to focus on the U.S. Cereal business and some of the progress we've made. Let's start with Slide 15. Over the past nine months, we have made good progress on the agenda we set out and have seen a stabilization of our Kellogg's branded business. This is illustrated by our improving top-line performance and Kellogg's branded share being up year-to-date. Back at CAGNY, we spoke about four critical elements to returning Cereal to growth, as illustrated on this slide. These were: focusing on wellness; investing in our foods; engaging with consumers in new ways; and dialing up the fun and executing with impact. Slide 16 focuses on the first of these, wellness in today's world. One of our biggest challenges has been to return the Special K brand to growth. We have moved the focus of the brand away from diet towards wellness. In the past few months, we have launched a new protein offering and introduced a gluten-free Special K. We've also launched taste to innovation by adding more berries to our largest variant, Special K Red Berries and we have improved our Special K Vanilla Almond food, too. We've introduced new packaging and new communication to support all of this. I'm pleased to say we have seen steady improvement in performance over the past few months, as you can see on this slide. In fact, consumption increased by 2.4% in the latest public data. We also have more news to come in August with the launch of new Special K Apple Cinnamon Harvest. Now let's turn to Slide 17. Our other challenge has been Kashi. Whilst we have yet to see the kind of turnaround we've seen on Special K, we are seeing distribution losses subside and velocities begin to stabilize. The team is making good progress on renovation and innovation plans, and we expect to see the fruits of these efforts begin to come through in improving trends over the coming months and as we enter 2016. You can see on the slide some of the Kashi innovation we have launched recently or have coming soon, including overnight mueslis, granolas, gluten-free waffles, organic chewy granola seed bars, and Sprouted Grain and Sweet Potato Sunshine Organic Promise cereals. As you know, we've made a significant investment in the Kashi team and organization. And we believe we have the right structure in place. The team is focused on delivering on-trend food to holistics and we'll leverage the Kellogg Company's infrastructure to the degree that it helps them achieve that objective. Earlier in the year, I also mentioned the launch of Kellogg's Origins, which you can see pictured on Slide 18. This is a range of cereals, granolas, and mueslis made with simple ingredients and designed to meet evolving consumer needs. The brand is now launched, and early acceptance has been good. The second critical element to returning Cereal to growth is investing more in our food. Our work on Kashi, Special K, and Origins all demonstrate actions to invest more in our foods. You can see on Slide 19 that this year, we have also launched new and improved Froot Loops and Apple Jacks with lower sugar. And as we look forward, we will continue to renovate our core offerings to give consumers more of what they want in the way of nutritional benefits, such as protein, gluten-free choices and simpler ingredient lists. We know consumers are looking for foods with simpler ingredients and work is well underway to answer that call. Already in North America, 75% of our cereals are made without artificial colors, and more than half are made without artificial flavors. Further, we have been working to remove artificial colors and flavors across Kellogg's branded cereals and a variety of Kellogg's branded snack bars as well as Eggo frozen foods. Our goal is to complete this transition by the end of 2018. The cereal category is and always has been a repertoire category, offering health, taste and, importantly, fun, too. We believe getting this blend right is as important today as it has ever been. You can see on Slide 20 that keeping our category vibrant and on-trend also means bringing fun to life on pack and in-store in impactful ways. We have seen good results behind our Disney Frozen cereal this year and also strong in-market performance behind our in-pack Avengers promotion and event in April. Looking forward, we believe initiatives like these are just as important as what we do on the health and nutrition front to drive category engagement. The final area I wanted to mention is in-store execution on Slide 21. With our dedicated sales force, including field sales reps, back in place, we are seeing tangible improvements come through in the area of assortment gains, in-stock performance and merchandising behind the initiatives I outlined earlier. So in summary, on Slide 22, whilst we still have plenty to do, we are pleased with the progress we're making on our Cereal business behind better core brand performance, relevant innovation and renovation and better execution through the path to purchase. In fact, sales are on-trend to be flat to up in 2016, a great improvement. Finally, I would like to thank the entire Morning Foods team, who have done an incredible job over the past year improving all parts of our plan. With that, I'll turn you back to John.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Paul. Now let's turn to Slide 23 and detail regarding our European business. The Pringles business in Europe had another great quarter and delivered mid-single digit currency-neutral comparable sales growth on a difficult double-digit comparison last year. The business in the UK posted double-digit growth and share gains, partially as a result of increased distribution. In addition, the launch of Pringles Tortillas made an important contribution to sales, although only launched recently. We have a significant Pringles business in Germany as well and we saw high single-digit sales growth there as a result of distribution gains and increased commercial activity. Consumption trends improved in our Wholesome Snacks business in the second quarter. We have restaged Special K Bars in the region, which is helping the brand's performance. This and the renovation of some of our foods, will continue to contribute and we expect the Wholesome Snack business to return to growth by the end of the year. Total comparable net sales in the region decreased by 2.5% in the quarter, as the Cereal category continued to be a challenge. We restaged our Special K Cereals in July and had other activity launching at the same time. In addition, we're introducing new Special K Cereals on the Continent in the second half. We've introduced mueslis in Germany and are expanding the interaction to other parts of the region. Slide 24 shows some detail regarding our Latin American business. Total currency-neutral comparable net sales in the region increased by 14.5% in the second quarter driven by growth in both Cereal and Snacks. Sales in the Cereal business were ahead of our expectations and included both volume growth and improvement in price/mix. In addition, we gained category share across our key businesses and we increased investment in brand building at a double-digit rate in the quarter. Specifically, we saw good growth in our portfolio of kids' cereals and a benefit from the parent brand products we've launched this year. Sales in the Snack business increased at a high-single digit rate, largely driven by new products and go-to-market programs. In addition, underlying consumption growth in Pringles was good, all of which led to increased year-to-date share gains in the Mexican, Brazilian and Colombian businesses. As we discussed on last quarter's conference call, we executed the Copa América soccer-related initiative in the second quarter and it was a huge success. They had the highest customer engagement ever from a program in Latin America and has helped to drive the sales growth we saw in both Pringles and Cereal. Also as we discussed last quarter, we have started investing in high-frequency stores in the region. This initiative is relatively new, but is already driving distribution gains and sales growth and we see significant opportunity for further gains as we expand our efforts. The team in Latin America has done a great job with new products, investing in growth and executing the plans. The results this quarter reflect all this effort. Let's turn to Slide 25 and our Asia-Pacific business. Currency-neutral comparable net sales in Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa increased at a double-digit rate in the quarter due to broad-based growth. The Indian business also grew at a double-digit rate of growth across brands, with some of our new packaging initiatives driving results. The business in Japan also grew at a double-digit rate due to the continued popularity of granolas and strong growth from All-Bran. New advertising and innovation helped drive sales of the Special K brand up significantly in South Korea. We also saw good growth in Southeast Asia. The Pringles business also posted strong net sales growth in the quarter and consumption increased at a double-digit rate due to geographic expansion and the success of a music campaign similar to the one we run in Europe. Sales declined in the Australian business, with a total quarterly sales growth for the region of 6.8%. While we expect the environment in Australia to remain challenging, we have plans for improvement, which include new product introductions, support which stresses the nutritional benefits of our food and a focus on increasing distribution. The first half of the year has been strong for the Asia-Pacific segment and we expect that the team will continue to execute well over the remainder of the year. Let's turn to the summary on page 26. We are on track to meet our expectations for 2015. And importantly, this performance represents progress over 2014. As I mentioned earlier, we're building momentum. We're seeing improvement in our U.S. Cereal business, improvement in our European business and good growth in both the Latin American and Asian businesses, and we're confident that this improvement will continue into 2016. We've invested savings from Project K and have seen the benefits. This investment will continue to increase next year. We have a talented management team that will drive the results of the individual segments. We have a well-defined strategy that we are continuing to execute. And we're starting an aggressive zero-based budgeting program, which we expect will generate significant savings in addition to the savings flowing from Project K. These two programs will allow us to invest in the business while also driving improvement in operating margin. All of this gives us confidence that we will achieve our long-term targets for comparable sales and operating profit growth in 2016. We're planning an investment day in November. And we'll give you more detail then regarding our plans for next year. And with that, I'd like end by thanking our employees around the world for all their hard work. Now I will open up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everybody.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Can I ask, just in terms of the improvement in profitability in the second half, just to help me understand that a little better. It was obviously down quite a bit this quarter, I think 6.8%. Does that include roughly a 6% headwind from incentive comp that basically goes away from here on out because you started taking guidance down in the second half of last year? If we could just run through that, and then I have a follow-up.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Alexia. A couple of things on that, first of all, we do have an expectation that sales will improve over the second half of the year. We have seen improvement from the first quarter to the second quarter, and we expect that to improve as we go into the second half. We did have some incentive compensation headwind in the second quarter. It's a couple of points impact to operating profit. We do have some of that impact going into the third and fourth quarter as well, though, so that isn't the primary driver. Really it's the sales performance. And then from a productivity standpoint within cost of goods sold, we are seeing our savings ramp up a little bit as we go through the balance of the year. That will help both gross margin as well as operating profit performance.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you for that. And then the North American operating profit trends, you're expecting to get back onto your long-term earnings growth algorithm in 2016. Does that mean that operating profit growth in North America should pull around very quickly here, certainly within the next two or three quarters?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yes. As I mentioned, we do expect improving trends in operating profit in the back half for North America. And as we move into 2016, as you'd expect, we do anticipate growth in North American operating profit.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. That's very early in the year. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, everybody.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just following on that, this is, I guess, as early in the year that I can remember in quite some time where Kellogg kind of discussed at least preliminarily their view for the out year, in this case, 2016. So again, I'm just trying to get a sense of maybe what drives the timing of that, to be this early in the year to talk about next year. And I think, as you discussed earlier, it does require Morning Foods to certainly be more stable and really into sort of modest growth mode. So is this just really a thought around your confidence level of that happening kind of sooner than later? And really, what's driving that?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good question, Andrew. I think it's, as you say, very early in 2015 to give guidance for 2016. What we're essentially doing is letting investors know that we expect to be on our long-term top-line and operating profit growth goals for 2016. And the reason we're doing that, as you look at the performance in 2015, we believe that we're building momentum. It's a significant improvement from where we were in 2014. We expect that momentum to build into 2016. What's driving that momentum is the returns on our Project K investments. So whether that be: the globe category teams and rapidly transferring ideas around the world; the Kashi team and the stronger innovation pipeline we see coming from that business; investing back in in-store execution; feet on the street in our U.S. Cereal business; and the investments in our emerging market capabilities, such as high-frequency stores. Also, we have excellent productivity programs into 2016. We have additional savings from Project K. We have our underlying continues improvement programs. And on top of that, we have the zero-based budgeting initiative. So while it's too early to give specific guidance for 2016, we wanted to give investors a sense as we go into 2016 we do expect to be back on our long-term goals. We could obviously halt for the third quarter call or the fourth quarter call to do that, but we've given a commitment to investors to get back on those goals as quickly as possible, and we wanted to get that out there that we see that happening in 2016.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning and thanks for the deep dive on North America. I just wanted ask, Paul, if we were to use the Special K extensions in snacks as a case study as to what you're trying to do with Special K, you've made some progress with Special K in cereal. It seems to be a little bit more slow to recover in the snack side. And you're talking about feet on the street investments there. Could you perhaps talk about what the issues are between execution, reformulation, or other with that side? Thanks.
Paul Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America: Hi, David. I'd say we've been a little ahead on some of the work we've been doing on cereal, and we have touched all parts of the brand. If you take Special K, where it plays in snacks on crackers, on the Special K Cracker Chips, we are seeing some improving velocity through the renovated foods we've put back in market. However, we're lapping some pretty significant distribution losses. So the biggest issue there is recapturing lost distribution to be able to get that part of the business back on trend. As you go towards wholesome, we did do some renovation on our core bars earlier in the year. They're holding steady. We're just launching, as we speak, Special K Chewy Nut Bars, which is a step-change in food. And that's just entering the market, as we speak, mid-year. So we'll be watching that closely as we look forward on Special K. So the work is coming. The innovation is there. The renovation is there. It's a little behind in Wholesome relative to where it was in the Cereal business.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: If I could just follow-up on that, just the reinvestments that were made in DSD, the feet on the street, I think that began last year. How is that reinvestment there or investment there progressed over the last couple of years, and if there's any sort of detail you can give us about how that's going? Thanks.
Paul Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America: We did add some additional reps to the DSD system back, I think it was early last year. And we've had some impact from that. I think what we're seeing on the Morning Foods side of the business is even more impactful, where we've put the feet on the street back on the warehouse side. And as a proportion of the change, the impact to warehouse was much bigger than the impact we did to the DSD system.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Paul Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, a question about the zero-based budgeting, if I recall correctly, where we left off last was that you were kind of watching and what was happening at perhaps at Kraft or some other companies, and we're going to kind of look at it closely. So I guess if you could talk about maybe what's changed in the last three months that, you know, caused you to think about, or caused you to go further down that path on zero-based budgeting. And then connected to that, will you consider any change in the way that you change incentive compensation related to it, just simply because it's, you know, it's such an investment for the employee base and it's a little bit long-term in terms of driving value? So those two things, what's changed in terms of adopting it and will it come with a change in the way you calculate or look at incentive comp?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Bryan. This is Ron. Hey, first, in terms of our zero-based budgeting initiative that John mentioned. Timing is absolutely right for us at this point in time. Remember a couple of years ago, we undertook Project K, big initiative for us, touching all parts of the globe. That project is progressing very well. It's on track at this point in time, both from an operational execution standpoint as well as the financial elements of the program. Fact is we already ran some pilots on zero-based budgeting back in 2014, so we've learned from those pilots. We have determined now the application is right. We're going to begin in North America. And actually that gives us some support for confidence in growing profit in North America next year. So we'll roll it into North America end of 2015 and into 2016 and then cascade it across the globe after that. A little bit early for us to talk about savings estimates at this point in time, but it does give us more confidence, as I said, in our 2016 outlook.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And on the incentive compensation, I wouldn't see us changing our macro plan design, but I could see us working to ensure we incentivize the savings for the people who are driving that program.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thanks for the question.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Jason.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I guess I was a little surprised in terms your gross margin outlook where you talked about inflation and productivity are now sort of neutral for the year. It sounds like there's some incremental cost rolling through the P&L. Can you give us a breakdown of what that is? And also, any incremental color you can add in terms of the magnitude of investment that you're absorbing in gross margin regards to the product quality and rejuvenation efforts there?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Jason. In terms of our outlook on our inputs, our productivity, and then input costs. There has been a little bit of a change. Remember when we started the year, we said that all up with the productivity savings, the input inflation and then Project K savings, we may be net a little bit deflationary. Well, as we've come through the front part of this year, we've encountered avian influenza. That is having an impact on our egg costs and that's relatively significant for us. So it's having an impact, particularly on our back half cost structure. So we're expecting it to be relatively neutral now. We do believe our gross margin will be flat, though, to up slightly.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: While it's difficult for us to tease out the additional costs of renovating our foods, certainly there are additional costs in this year from doing that, and there will be meaningful costs over the next couple of years from continually evolving and improving our foods. And we will fund those through a variety of productivity programs within the company to absorb those costs.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. That's helpful. And one more, if I may. A question for you, Paul, in terms of North America cereal. Can give us a sense of how much capacity you've taken out of the cereal market in the U.S. and how much, from where you sit, you think has come out of the industry? And as we look at some of the scanner data, it is encouraging to see that the amount of volume that's being sold on promotion has been steadily eroding. Do you think that we're seeing more rational behavior in terms of discipline on promotion and price investment? And do you think there's any relation to the capacity reductions that have happened?
Paul Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America: Obviously, we did close a facility last year in Canada, so that came out of the Kellogg business. I can't talk to all the stuff that's going on with our competitors, but I know they're making moves as well. I think the marketplace is pretty rational at the moment. We're seeing a little bit of price realization. We're putting our money, as I said, back into our food. We're investing back into our core brands. We're renovating, innovating and trying to drive those sales fundamentals right through to the store. I think that's where we'll get the benefit. I don't think there's going to be a lot more heavy promotion, per se. I think the category dynamics are pretty good at the moment.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks a lot, guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Vishal B. Patel - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. This is Vishal Patel in for Ken. I just had a question on the recent agreement with the union that you announced over the weekend. You're not reducing workforce as a result. Is that a fair statement?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Vishal, I think if you look at our cereal network, as Paul mentioned, we closed a fairly meaningful facility last year in London, Canada that reduced the size of our footprint in North America. The contract that was signed with the union I think is a very good contract. It enables us to be more cost competitive. It gives us operational flexibility going forward. So it has us holding the number of cereal plants we have today open, but we have flexibility within that to change the scheduling and the production of cereal based upon what we need to produce for the category.
Vishal B. Patel - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, great. Thank you.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
Alexis N. Borden - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. This is Alexis Borden in for David this morning.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Paul Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America: Hello.
Alexis N. Borden - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Question, so comparing Special K with Kashi, so basically you've been seeing Special K trends improve and the retail scanner data shows this, but when you look at Kashi, it's still struggling with double-digit sales declines. Can you maybe tell us what's going right in Special K and why it's being harder to turn around Kashi, how do you see that progressing?
Paul Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America: Okay. As I spoke through in the prepared notes, I think we were a little ahead on Special K again versus where we were on Kashi. We've innovated with on-trend food. We've reinvested in some of our core SKUs. We have migrated the positioning of the brand more to wellness from diet and we've invested and activated heavily. Kashi, we have a bit of a lag because we've had to do quite a lot of renovation to our foods, including GOLEAN, for example, which I'm pleased to say in Q3 2015 will now be Non-GMO Project certified. The rest of the portfolio will go that way in Q1 2016. So we've more or less got through the renovation phase of our work on Kashi. We also moved to put a team back in place in Kashi back in California. That team now is fully functional and in place and we're beginning to see the benefits of the renovation and innovation work they've been doing coming through. So I think you'll see Kashi trends improving in the back half of this year into the beginning of next year. We are seeing distribution losses, which were a big driver of those declines, subside and velocity stabilizing. So I think the recipe or the ingredients are coming together for Kashi to start to get back into growth as we finish this year and move into next year. So I think you'll see sequential improvement from now on with Kashi.
Alexis N. Borden - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Just a follow up on the zero-based budgeting question that Bryan asked. My understanding is that Kellogg had done this benchmarking work in the past and found that like in North America ex the DSD costs, that SG&A and admin expenses were pretty much in line with its peers. Am I mistaken in that assumption? And so what did you find in that pilot last year? Did you find opportunities? And, if so, in what areas?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Rob, so when we look at benchmarking our SG&A costs, and let's set aside the advertising costs and other brand-building costs and just get to pure overhead, we do find that we tend the benchmark pretty well. But peers are moving on us as well. We believe there's opportunity by executing a zero-based budgeting initiative starting, as I said, in North America and then cascading it across the globe. So we see it as an opportunity for us to be more competitive and perhaps unlock some funds for reinvestment into the business or to drop to the bottom line.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. So it's just a function of everyone else is cutting so you think the bar keeps getting higher, so to speak.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, again, we've run a couple of trials, some projects internally and we've found some savings. Some of that savings have been in areas that we would not have anticipated, such as non people-related overhead costs. And we're also going to apply the ZBB tools into the brand-building element as well, which we are finding significant efficiencies even this year, whether it be in agency fees, media buying, point-of-sale materials, all those sorts of elements as well.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks, John.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. This is Mario Contreras on for Eric.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. I had a couple of questions on I guess a couple of the adjustments you had this quarter. First, on the VIE deconsolidation. Can you talk a little bit about what that business was and what led to that decision? And then second, on the Venezuela currency adjustments. Obviously, that's been a pretty volatile economy for a good amount of time now. So can you just talk about what got worse this quarter that led you guys to make the decision to change that accounting?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Sure. So first on this variable interest entity, we recognized a gain due to deconsolidating this third-party business. This is a co-manufacturer that was making food for our U.S. Snacks business. It was consolidated into our results over the past several years based on the accounting rules. In this quarter, the business sold itself to a third-party, and that triggered a change in our accounting. If you look at our 10-Q, it's been disclosed in the past and you'll see it disclosed again, obviously, and the impact. It's a one-time non-cash item that we've excluded from our comparable results. Now if we move on to Venezuela, our situation did change in the second quarter in Venezuela. As I've mentioned in the past, we buy a small amount of inputs from outside of Venezuela to manufacture product in the country. And we typically get access to U.S. dollars to be able to do that. In the first quarter, we got access to those U.S. dollars. In the second quarter, we had no access to U.S. dollars. And, in fact, the government has indicated that it is going to slow payments going forward. This created disruption to our business in the second quarter, so we reevaluated the matter. And we determined that the best rate for us to measure the business at was a SIMADI rate of 198 bolivars to the U.S. dollar, but we still remain a priority industry within Venezuela. We do expect to continue to manufacture and to serve our consumers. We have a good business there and we have a great team that's managing in a very difficult environment.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks for the time.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. On cereal, one of your top customers has spoken about, in general, you know, not promoting as often across food, maybe going back a little bit toward EDLP. And I guess that would lead to display space for promos in general reverting to a more normal level. And bear with me here, but I'm just wondering if this has benefited cereal in any way, because I think of cereal as a product that maybe relies on successful promotions to succeed. And if there is less competition for display space, right, if consumers are no longer seeing displays all over the board, but they're seeing sort of the legacy ones like cereal, has that helped the category at all or is it not really taking place in your mind?
Paul Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America: Thanks for the question, Ken. Obviously, I cannot talk about specific customers. If I focus on our Cereal business, I think what we're seeing is the good return on our focus on driving our core brands better, with better innovation promotions, renovation ideas, and really focusing through the path to purchase with impact for sales execution and that's driving display. If you look at the data from Nielsen, I don't think you're seeing a lot more display necessarily. We are getting more impact and quality merchandising because we're leveraging the scale of these events and bringing fun and news to the point of purchase. So I don't see any relation to the theory you put forward. I think we focus on delivering our business and executing and exciting consumers in every retail environment.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: If I could add to that too, Ken, I think if you look beyond the U.S., we've seen the Canadian cereal category get a lot better as well. And we're also seeing improving category trends, although they're not quite where we'd like them to be in the UK and Australia as well. So I think you're seeing cereal get on a stronger footing in some these large cereal markets. And even on a global basis, we actually grew our cereal sales globally in the first quarter and in the second quarter.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, John. That's helpful.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Hayes with Nomura. Please go ahead.
David H. Hayes - Nomura International Plc: Hi, gentlemen. Thank you. I think this is for Paul, this question. Just in terms of this encouraging momentum on U.S. Cereal and obviously this impressive array of innovation, I guess if I was being concerned or nervous about the ongoing trend, the question would be can you give us some kind of indication of your confidence that there isn't any channel pipe fill from these innovations in these numbers? And I guess, more importantly, in some ways the consumer pull-through or the consumer repeat purchasing, you've got $0.10 of people trying it because it's new and then you don't get it pulled through. If you can give us some kind of indication, ideally quantitatively, in terms of focus group feedback and repeat purchase information, just to sort of give us that feel that this is actually ongoing business rather than people trying and then we've got to wait to see what happens in the next six to 12 months in terms of pull-through. Thanks.
Paul Norman - Senior Vice President & President, Kellogg North America: Hi, David. Two points to probably go towards, one is the data I was quoting is consumption data, so it's actually purchased data, total category's flat. Our biggest six brands are growing consumption dollars and share, so this is being pulled through. This isn't us pushing into the market. We have no inventory issues within the U.S. Special K is interesting because the brand was up. Base sales as the quarter progressed went into progression as well. So when you've got base movement off the shelf, this isn't purely incrementally driven through display and price promotion, it's actually good fundamentals coming through in terms of base consumption. So we know that consumers want nothing more than more goodies in their food when it comes to red berries, and giving them more of what they want, we're seeing them buy more from the shelf importantly. So I think the underlying trends are positive. That's why I feel positive about the future. This isn't share rental or overly pushing the business. This is good consumer demand coming through.
David H. Hayes - Nomura International Plc: Okay. Thanks, Paul. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the question.
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Matt.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Morning.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: John, just coming back around to the 2016 outlook, you gave us a number of factors that give you confidence in the achievability of those targets, and the willingness talk about them today. Just curious here what you see as the biggest challenges or areas of uncertainty or areas where you're pushing the employee base to work harder to make sure you actually do deliver on those targets. And, Ron, I know this essentially is sort of asking for guidance, but is there any incremental color you can give us on the phasing of Project K savings you're looking for next year, not necessarily an absolute, but maybe relative to what we're seeing this year?
John A. Bryant - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: If I answer your question first on 2016, I think the important thing to remember is we are building momentum. In 2014, a tough year for us, we're building momentum in 2015 and we see that continuing into 2016. You're seeing it with continued strong Pringles growth around the world. You're seeing it with the larger cereal businesses starting to perform better, particularly in the U.S. and Canada so far. You're seeing also very strong emerging market growth. We grew cereal double digits across Latin America and Asia. And so that's helping our results as well. And we're seeing these overall trends put us in a better position as we go into 2016. So I think what really helps give visibility to 2016 is the excellent cost and productivity outlook that we have for 2016. Obviously, we'll have Project K savings come through. We'll have continuous improvement programs. And we'll have zero-based budgeting also start to help 2016. So clearly, I'd like to get the top-line growth in place, but even if the top-line growth is lower than we would like, we still have good productivity visibility for next year.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: And, Matt, in terms of Project K savings, recall our guidance for 2015 is that we expect savings in the range of $90 million to $100 million. And we're tracking in line with that. Remember we always said that are savings would ramp up as we went through the years. As we look at 2016, at this point in time, and it's early to provide guidance on Project K savings, but we expect savings to be north of $100 million.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Simon Burton for any closing remarks.
Simon D. Burton - Vice President-Investor Relations: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We'll be around for the next day or two for follow-up questions. Look forward to talking to you then. Thanks.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-05 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon D. Burton - Vice President-Investor Relations John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer María Fernanda Mejía - President - Kellogg Latin America, Kellogg Co.
Analysts: Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David H. Hayes - Nomura International Plc Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Kurt A. Feuerman - AllianceBernstein LP
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Please limit yourself to one question during the Q&A session. Please note this event is being recorded. Thank you. At this time, I will turn the call over to Simon Burton, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference.
Simon D. Burton - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Gary, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our first quarter 2015 results. I'm joined here today by John Bryant, Chairman and CEO; Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer; and Maria Fernanda Mejía, President of Kellogg Latin America. The press release and slides to support our remarks this morning are posted on our webpage at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Tuesday, May 12. The call will also be made available via webcast which will be archived for at least 90 days. And now I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Simon, and thank you everyone for joining us. We're pleased to have announced today results for currency-neutral comparable net sales, operating profit, and earnings per share that were ahead of our expectations. We saw good net sales growth in international business and improving trends in several of our developed market businesses in North America. As you know, we've invested in various revenue driving initiatives around the world and we've seen improving sales trends. Specifically, we posted strong double-digit net sales growth in Latin America in the quarter. We posted low-single-digit net sales growth in Europe. And Asia-Pacific region posted mid-single-digit net sales growth due to double-digit growth in the Asian business. And we saw improving trends in our developed Cereal business in the U.S., category trends improved and our Kellogg brands gained share. As we mentioned at the CAGNY conference, we'll be doing a lot of work over the last year on Project K, our efficiency and effectiveness initiative. We're on track to generate savings and to invest in the business to drive profitable net sales growth. Specifically, we're focused on three main areas of opportunity. We're investing where the shoppers shop. We're investing in our food. And we're increasing our investment in the high-growth emerging markets. Let's start with a discussion of in-store execution. The first area of investment we're focused on is the warehouse sales force in the U.S. We've made a significant investment in this area in 2014 and we're investing more in 2015. Their focus is on selling promotions, gaining share of the shelf, maximizing distribution, and increasing the speed to shelf for new products. The second area of investment is the DSD sales team. The benefits we get from this investment build over time and we've always seen improved in-store display activity in the channels serviced by DSD. The third area of investment is in emerging markets where we've invested in our coverage of high-frequency stores in both Asia and Latin America. We are pleased with the progress we've made so far. We have more to do, although we've already seen improved results. Let's turn to slide five and the second area of focus, increased investment in our food. First of all, we have started some broad initiatives in the U.S. Cereal business this year, including the Origins program, which is similar to one that was successful in Europe. This program includes new food and support which stresses the simplicity and goodness of the new products. We've also got some great new snacks coming. In the U.S., we have renovated our Special K bars to include more visible ingredients, and we are launching Special K Chewy Nut bars, which include simple ingredients preferred by consumers. We've launched a variety of new mueslis in a number of countries which are off to a good start, and we have plans to launch granolas and mueslis in other parts of the world. And very importantly, we've also done a lot of work with our Kashi business in North America. We have great brands in both Kashi and Bare Naked. We have a dedicated team in California, and they're making progress across three priorities. First, they're designing and launching a portfolio of innovative plant-based foods that deliver powerful uplifting health. Second, they are engaging with customers and partnering to develop new and exciting programs targeted at food-forward consumers. And finally, they are developing stronger marketing plans using more of a storytelling model rather than a traditional advertising model. Finally, for Project K, let's turn to slide six and the investment we are making in the emerging markets. We have a strong team across the international businesses. Within these regions, we have targeted various initiatives. In Asia and Latin America, we are focused on increasing our penetration of high-frequency stores. We've driven strong sales growth in the Pringles business in emerging markets over the last three years, and we've recently opened a new plant in Malaysia. In addition, we recently invested in a large biscuit manufacturer in Egypt, and our joint venture in China continues to perform well. These are all initiatives designed to increase our rates of profitable sales growth and return us to our long-term model. It's early in the process, but we're seeing good sales growth in our international regions and we're confident that we'll achieve additional growth as we execute these programs. Now I'll turn it over to Ron.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Slide seven shows the financial results for the first quarter. Reported net sales declined by 5% primarily due to international currency devaluations. Currency-neutral comparable net sales decreased slightly. We had good growth in all of our international regions and results improved in several developed businesses in North America. This quarter's improving trends were the result of new product introductions and brand building initiatives in each of the regions and investments we've made with savings from Project K. Reported quarterly operating profit was $384 million and included a charge for the capitalized portion of our pension mark-to-market at year-end 2014 as well as Project K costs in the first quarter. Currency-neutral comparable operating profit decreased by 1.9% in the quarter, better than our expectations. Comparable earnings per share which exclude integration costs, mark-to-market adjustments, Project K costs and other items that affect comparability were $0.98 per share in the first quarter, again ahead of our expectations. These results include $0.06 of currency headwind in the quarter, so currency-neutral comparable earnings increased by 3% to $1.04 per share including a lower-than-planned tax rate resulting from some discrete items. So our results in the first quarter were ahead of our expectations and were in line with our guidance for the full-year. Slide eight shows the composition of the first quarter sales growth. Currency-neutral comparable revenues for the first quarter declined by 0.3% reflecting an overall improvement in trends. Comparable volume decreased by 0.7% in the quarter. We saw volume growth across our international regions driven by both Cereal and Snacks offset by results in our North America business. Price and mix increased by 0.4% and the impact of currency translation decreased sales growth by 4.7% in the quarter as many currencies depreciated against the U.S. dollar. Slide nine shows our currency-neutral comparable gross profit and gross margin for the first quarter. Quarterly gross margin remained unchanged at 37.9%, which was broadly in line with our expectations. Productivity improvements and savings from Project K supply chain initiatives offset inflation and factory distribution costs and investments in our food. As expected, commodity and packaging costs were net deflationary and we are currently approximately 85% covered. Let's turn to slide 10 which shows the currency-neutral comparable operating profit performance for each of the regions in the first quarter. North America's operating profit decreased by 8%; this was primarily driven by lower sales and investment in our U.S. sales force as well as re-establishing our Kashi business in California. Europe's operating profit increased by 13% in the first quarter driven by the region's sales growth and net deflation in cost of goods sold including savings from Project K. Operating profit increased by 5% in Latin America in the quarter. Strong sales growth included increases in volume and price actions to offset inflation. In addition, we invested in brand-building activities to support new product launches and drive market penetration. Operating profit decreased by 3% in the Asia-Pacific region. While we had solid sales growth in the quarter, we are investing in capabilities and brand building for growth in our emerging and developing markets within the region. Slide 11 shows our year-to-date cash flow. Our results for cash flow were in line with our plan and we continue to expect approximately $1 billion of cash flow for the full-year, although currency has become more of a headwind to our outlook for both earnings and cash flow. Operating cash flow after capital expenditure was $12 million, which was driven primarily by the timing of an interest payment and an increase in cash costs in the first quarter associated with Project K. In fact, those two items and the impact from foreign currency translation accounted for much of the decline. Capital spending for the quarter was $83 million and we are on track with investments for the year. Share repurchases in the first quarter were $285 million, and we reduced our average share count by 1.4%. And dividends paid in the quarter were $174 million. So total cash returned to shareowners was more than $450 million. Now if you'll turn to slide 12 you'll see that our guidance for 2015 has not changed. As always, sales, operating profit, and earnings per share guidance is currency-neutral comparable, excludes the items that affect comparability as detailed in our notes. As we told you last quarter, this guidance includes realistic assumptions regarding the competitive environment and the growth of our businesses in developed markets in 2015. We continue to expect that net sales will be approximately flat for the year. We also continue to expect some net deflation in cost of goods sold and slight improvement in gross margin. We are approximately 85% covered for the year on commodity and packaging costs, and productivity savings should be between 3% and 4% of cost of goods sold, in line with our long-term goals. And in addition to this, we expect to see incremental savings from Project K. We expect that operating profit will be down between 2% and 4%. Remember, this includes a negative three point to four point impact from the annual rebasing of incentive compensation costs. And we continue to expect that brand building will increase the rate faster than sales. We're also maintaining our guidance for currency neutral comparable earnings per share of $3.74 to $3.82, or a range between flat and down 2%. The expectations for sales, operating profit, and earnings per share exclude the impact of last year's 53rd week and the impact of foreign currency translation. Our original expectations for the impact of currency translation was $0.15 per share, but we now estimate the impact could be as much as $0.24 per share. We still expect the tax rate to be between 27% and 28%. And interest expense is expected to be between $215 million and $225 million. Cash flow after capital spending should be approximately $1 billion, which includes total incremental cash costs of $350 million for Project K. This also includes the incremental capital expenditure required by the project. So cash flow for the full year excluding Project K should be between $1.3 billion and $1.4 billion. We continue to expect that total capital spending will be in the range between 4% and 5% of sales, including approximately one point of sales for incremental capital related to Project K. And we still expect that we will repurchase between $700 million and $750 million of shares during the year. Slide 13 shows our full year EPS walk. Remember that this outlook could be affected by any significant currency devaluations that occurred during the year, such as in Venezuela. Costs associated with the integration of Pringles and the recent acquisition in Egypt are expected to be between $0.04 and $0.06 per share, and we expect that incremental savings from Project K will be between $90 million to $100 million for the full year, approximately two-thirds of which will come from cost of goods sold. As we mentioned last quarter, pre-tax P&L costs related to the project are estimated to be between $400 million and $450 million or approximately $0.80 to $0.90 per share for the year, approximately 75% of which will be in cost of goods sold. And our current outlook for second quarter earnings per share is that they will account for approximately one-quarter of our estimate for the full year. Currency impact we expect in the second quarter is also approximately one-quarter of our estimate for the full year. And with that, I'll turn it back over to John.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ron. And now let's turn to slide 14 and the U.S. Morning Foods business. First of all, I'd like to welcome Craig Bahner to the role of President of Morning Foods. Craig joins us most recently from Wendy's. Before that, he worked for a number of years at P&G, and we look forward to having him as an important part of the team. I'd also like to congratulate Paul Norman on being named President of Kellogg North America. I'm sure you'll all agree that there is no one better than Paul for this role. Now onto the Morning Foods business where comparable net sales declined by 2.9% in the quarter. This represents an improvement from the performance we saw last year. Category trends improved, and Kellogg brands gained 30 basis points cereal category share in the quarter. We saw a mid-single-digit increase in in-store displays, and we activated strong commercial plans. In addition, our innovation launches performed well in the quarter. Raisin Bran Cranberry, Special K Protein and the Disney Frozen themed Cereal are all doing well. And we had approximately 44% share of innovation in the quarter. In addition, we have the Avengers themed cereal and support coming in the second quarter. So overall, we were pleased with the results in the Morning Foods business in the first quarter. The team has done a great job, trends generally improved, and we started to see the benefit where we have invested. As we discussed with you at the CAGNY conference, improvement will be a process, but we're encouraged by the results so far this year and expect gradual progress as we move through 2015 and into 2016. Let's turn to slide 15 and our U.S. Snacks business. Comparable net sales declined by 1.1% in the first quarter. The decline in sales in the cracker category was led by the Special K Cracker Chip business. We have redesigned the food and the packaging, and the consumer communication begins in earnest in the second quarter. Velocity has improved, but we continue to be affected by prior distribution losses. Sales in the cookie business declined in the quarter due in part to the performance in our Right Bites 100-Calorie Packs. This was a result of trends in weight management foods and a majority of our 2015 cookie innovation launches at mid-year. Sales in the wholesome snack business also declined in the quarter; however, we saw good performance from Rice Krispies Treats. Consumption of Special K bars declined due to distribution losses, but velocity improved. And the new bars that we introduced in December of last year got off to a good start. And we have more new products coming in the category. The Pringles brand posted flat net sales in Q1 against high-single-digit comparisons last year due to the launch of Pringles Tortillas. So we continue to face some challenges in our U.S. Snacks business, but we're seeing some success and we've already made changes, and we have some more to come. As I said before, improvement will take some time and will be progressive. However, we're focusing our investment to drive improvement in 2015 and into 2016. Let's turn to slide 16 and the U.S. Specialty segment. Net sales in the Specialty Channels business declined by 2.5% in the quarter. The primary cause of the decline was a distributor in the convenience channel who decreased levels of inventory significantly during the period; however, we do see strong underlying consumption. In the convenience channel, we increased share in the cracker, wholesome snack, cookie, and salty snack categories in the quarter. Consumption of Pringles grew at a strong double-digit rate. The team expects full year net sales and operating profit growth in 2015 with the performance in the first quarter due primarily to the timing of sales. Slide 17 shows the performance of the North America Other segment which now includes the U.S. Frozen Foods, Kashi, and Canadian businesses. Net sales declined by 6.1% in the first quarter. We saw good consumption in the Frozen Foods business in the quarter, although net sales declined due in part to supply disruptions from last year's limited recall of our MorningStar Farms product. This was related to an industry-wide issue with a supplier of cumin. It is worth noting that we are back in supply now specifically the Eggo franchise posted consumption growth, higher rates of penetration and share gains in the quarter. Now turning to the Kashi business. Net sales declined as velocities stabilized, but were impacted by last year's distribution losses. We plan to rebuild distribution over time with new innovation. And finally, net sales for the Canadian business also declined in the first quarter, this was largely due to the timing and phasing of activity. Now let's turn to slide 18 and our European business. Comparable net sales in the region increased by 1% in the quarter due to double-digit growth in the Pringles business and good growth in Northern Europe and Russia. Sales in the Cereal business declined in the quarter due to the timing of promotions and weakness in the Special K brand, although results were in line with our expectations. As is the case in many parts of the world, we have a lot planned for the Special K brand in the region in the next few months. We have newly-renovated food going into the market in April and new packaging and support schedule for the summer. We recently launched muesli in Germany. We brought (22:08) distribution in the first quarter and early results have been good and the Coco Pops products that we launched recently in the U.K. is also off to a good start. As I mentioned, we saw double-digit net sales growth in Pringles in the quarter, which was driven by good promotions and new flavors, and we're launching Tortillas Pringles in the second quarter. So the European business had a good quarter exceeding our expectations. We have a range of activity planned for both Cereal and Snack businesses over the remainder the year and we expect continued good results from the region as a result. Now I'll turn it over to María Fernanda for a discussion of our Latin American business.
María Fernanda Mejía - President - Kellogg Latin America, Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I'm excited to be here today to talk about the great business we have in Latin America and to give you some insights as to why we're so optimistic regarding our potential. I'll begin with an overview of the region then I'll share our operating model and strategy and I'll close with highlights of how we're bringing all the elements of the strategy together. So let's start with slide 21 and some background about our region and the opportunities we have. As you can see, there's a large consumer base, 40% of whom are under the age of 20 and the population is urbanizing with a rising middle-class. However, despite this dynamic environment, consumers in the region retain their tradition, their sense of community and family, and their optimism. As you might imagine, this changing environment presents some challenges but also some great opportunities. Slide 22 shows the composition of Kellogg business in Latin America. Our business is largely in Cereal, although we have a good core wholesome snack business, and the acquisition of the Pringles brand gave us a meaningfully-sized salty business as well. We have a significant core business in Mexico, which along with rest of Latin America performed well in the first quarter and we also have growing businesses in attractive areas of the region and in growing categories and segments in those areas. Now let's turn to slide 23 and one of our competitive advantages our brands. Around the region, we have a stable of well-known global brands that consumers love. The consumer base in our region appreciates quality products and Kellogg is one of the most trusted brands in Latin America. Consumer awareness of our brands is high and our products have some of the highest category and segment shares in the region and the brands are expandable as we've seen with our success in the wholesome snack category. We've also targeted geographic expansion with Pringles and the recent introduction of our Kellogg parent brand. Now let's turn to slide 24. As you can see, we have more than 55% cereal category share across the region. Our wholesome snack business holds approximately 24% share and is made up of snacks sold largely under our cereal brand name such as Special K, Zucaritas, All-Bran and now Kellogg. And finally, you can see that our salty snack business holds only a 1.3% share across the region, although net sales have grown significantly since the acquisition of Pringles. As a result, we see great potential across all of our categories. However, despite the great positioning, three years ago we identified some opportunities to expand the business even further. These opportunities were unleashing the potential of the region, growing in all segments of the Cereal business and in high-growth areas of the region expanding into high-frequency stores and better leveraging our supply chain. So now let's look at slide 25 and the discussion regarding how we've addressed these opportunities. We implemented a new regional, multi-functional category organization and we reorganized our businesses into regional hubs which provided increased scale and improved speed to market. We began developing our plan not only focused on our consumer but also on our shopper, who can oftentimes be different than the consumer and the regional environment in which these shoppers were shopping. And we elevated our engagement with our customers. We have focused on increasing the efficiency and effectiveness of our organization. For example, we are delivering pan-regional innovation and commercial program. We're better leveraging total commercial investments to win with shoppers where they shop and we've moved from a manufacturing organization to a supply chain organization focused on optimizing asset utilization and improving gross margin. As a result, we're executing Project K. We're reducing our cost structure and we're eliminating complexity in the portfolio and fueling our growth. And we will continue to drive underlying productivity and improved profitability. Also, we've made great progress in building a strong organization. These are all major undertakings and the entire team in Latin America has done an amazing job implementing these changes to our structure while remaining focused on generating profitable sales growth. So how has all this played out in recent years? If you'll turn to slide 26, you'll see some of the recent successes we've had as a result of the changes we've made to our operating model and strategy. The rate of net sales growth improved as we progress through 2014 and year-on-year net sales grew at a double-digit rate in the first quarter of 2015. And importantly, volume increased by more than 4% as a result of good innovation and strong in-market activity and we're confident we'll see good rates of net sales growth across the remainder of the year. We've also seen the benefit of the work we've done in gross margin expansion in recent years, we focused on our large businesses and have achieved margin expansion in both the Mexican and the pan-regional Cereal business. Now let's turn to Slide 27 and more detail regarding our strategy in the region. There are five interrelated parts. First, as I mentioned, we have a large and growing Cereal business in the region and continuing to drive category growth is one of our main priorities. We're also focused on the snack categories and on driving increased consumption across the portfolio. Next, while our program of innovation and renovation has been successful, we can always improve. Speed to market is critical and we've made good progress streamlining the process. We're also committed to winning where people shop and we're increasingly focused on high-frequency stores. This is a channel where between 50% and 70% of retail sales in the traditional food basket are made where the majority of our shoppers shop and where affordable products are a requirement. We're executing Project K in the region, this means optimizing our supply chain network, developing a footprint that will serve our future growth and generating the flexibility to increase investment in the business. And finally, we're constantly striving to develop our people, improve their performance and provide them with exciting opportunities. We've taken big strides in this area and have what I believe is a world-class team dedicated to constant improvement. Now let me give you more detail on our investment in pan-regional innovation. How we're excelling at in-store execution and our work in high-frequency stores. Let's start with innovation on slide 28. We significantly increased the number of pan-regional introductions which has increased the efficiency of our investments. We re-launched Choco Krispis in 2014 which drove an increase in volume and share in the Andean and Central American regions. We restaged Special K as well and gained share in core countries of the region. And we also launched a full line of muesli granola cereals and bars branded with the Kellogg's brand. We've had some real successes with pan-regional innovation so far and we're really looking forward to continued progress. Now let's turn to slide 29 and detail regarding the Pringles business in our region. We've increased net sales in U.S. dollars by more than 10% since the acquisition in 2012. Growth in local currencies was significantly greater. At the time we acquired Pringles, we saw Latin America as one of the areas with the most opportunity for expansion. As you can imagine, we're attacking this growth potential as quickly as possible by increasing distribution and driving significant innovation. Latin America has certainly been a success story for Pringles over the last few years and we expect continued strong growth in 2015 and beyond. Now turning to slide 30. Our efforts on high-frequency stores have been focused in three areas; optimizing our route to market to enhance our reach principally in mom-and-pop stores, developing the right portfolio for this channel and getting the right visibility in these stores. As you can see on the slide, we've developed a range of inexpensive, smaller-serve products which are available to our shoppers in high-frequency stores. There are two million high-frequency stores in the region and we have a goal of increasing our coverage of these by approximately 50% this year. Having said that, we do have continued opportunities to increase the coverage even further in future years. Slide 31 details the program design to improve the visibility of Kellogg product in high-frequency stores, ensuring all our products are displayed, visible, and accessible to our shoppers. The program includes an ideal store initiative which leverages stores' real estate to promote the Kellogg brand and build engagement with shoppers and store owners. This program is a pan-regional initiative and sales at these stores have increased at a double-digit rate and they've gained share. And our goal for 2015 is to have many more of these stores in place by the end of the year. And on slide 32 you can see that we have more to come. We have more innovation, as I've mentioned, including Kellogg parent brand launches in various parts of the region. We're continuing to invest further in the expansion of high-frequency stores. And finally, we have significant commercial activations planned. You can see on the slide that we're proud sponsors of the Copa América soccer tournament going on this summer in Chile. We have full home-to-store support plan and expecting great results. So let's turn to slide 33. I'm sure you'll agree we have an exciting opportunity for the years ahead. We've never been better positioned to grow given the dynamic categories where we participate with our leading brands. A renewed strategy and focused initiatives all with the objective of driving long-term profitable growth and we focused on the organization. And I'd like to end by thanking the Latin America team for their leadership and commitment to our collective success. And now I'll turn it over back to John.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, María Fernanda. Now let's turn to slide 34 and our Asia-Pacific business. The Asia-Pacific segment posted an increase in comparable net sales of 4% in the first quarter. We posted double-digit growth in Asia as a result of double-digit growth in India, Japan, and South Korea. In India, we saw growth in our core brands and in new smaller-sized packs designed to make our products more affordable. We have completed construction at our new plant in India and the facility has started production to service the increasing demand in the country. Sales declined in the Australian business due to weakness in the Cereal and Snack businesses. However, we are launching a range of innovation including granola, muesli, gluten-free, and on-the-go offerings. The Pringles business posted good sales growth with results exceeding our expectations. We ran a muesli promotion in Australia, Southeast Asia and Taiwan, which drove sales at a double-digit rate during the activation period. So we had another good quarter in this region driven by strong growth in our Asian business. As you might imagine, we continue to expect growth from the region for 2015. Please turn to the summary on page 35. Our results for sales, operating profit, and earnings per share were all ahead of our expectations in the first quarter. We saw sales growth in Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific. And we saw improving sales trends in our U.S. Cereal business, and our Kellogg brands gained share. The Project K initiative continues to go well. We are investing the savings in areas designed to drive profitable sales growth and we're starting to see the results. Obviously, our investment program is a process and the benefits will build over time. Improvement in our results will also build, and we know that there's no quick fix. However, we are very encouraged by some of the early signs of success we've already seen and by the plans we're making now for future periods. Now I'd like to end, as always, by thanking our employees around the world. It's all their hard work that is allowing us to build a foundation for growth in 2015 and beyond. And with that, I'll open it up to questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. The first question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Happy Cinco de Mayo. I guess my question has to do with kind of the Project K savings versus the advertising and promotional spending. I don't remember you quantifying either, so I'm kind of wondering if you can do that. And it looked like in one of the slides, I think, it was slide 10, that the spending behind the brands was mostly in Latin America and Asia. Is that right? And should that kind of broaden out as the year progresses?
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer: Eric, it's Ron. So in terms of the Project K savings, recall, for the year, I said that the savings were in the range of $90 million to $100 million. And that's relatively pro rata across the course of the year, a little bit lighter in the first quarter. In terms of our investment in brand building, you know we have good investment levels behind our business across the globe. We didn't invest – or we did invest a little bit heavier in our international regions. Our sales, or brand building as a percent to sales, were comparable to last year. So good pressure in the business. As we move through the second and third quarter as well, we have innovation coming out, and our brand building levels will be up year-over-year to support the commercial programs and the innovation.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, Eric, if I could just add on to that as well. As we think about reinvesting the Project K savings, we are reinvesting the savings in a number of areas in our business. Some of the money is going into getting food that's even more on trend with changing consumer needs. Some is going into our sales capabilities, both in the U.S. as you've seen with the warehouse and DSD system, but also with the sales force that supports high-frequency stores in a number of the emerging markets. Quite frankly, as we look at brand building, we have a high level of brand building as a company. We spend about twice the amount of advertising as the average food company. So we feel like we have fuel in the engine there. We believe we're going to get the best return by investing more to enable us to get growth through additional capabilities such as sales and by making sure we have food that's absolutely on trend with changing consumers' needs.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for that. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, everybody.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Your main competitor in U.S. cookies and crackers, they talked recently about large customer reverting to more of an EDLP strategy, which is leading to fewer, I guess, display opportunities for the category. Is that something that you guys have experienced as well? I mean, I'm looking at your U.S. Snacks numbers. They seem okay, but I'm just curious for what your thoughts are there?
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We do see customers from time to time changing their merchandising plans. I think we had a large customer that probably did somewhat adversely impact us in that area as well. And obviously we worked with that customer to ensure that jointly we're building our categories over time. And so I think we'll have better programs as we go forward. And the thing about our U.S. Snacks business, we're essentially on plan coming through the first quarter. The first quarter is our toughest comp for our U.S. Snacks business. A lot of innovation in Snacks this year was actually in the middle of the year so we do expect our sales trend to improve as we go through the year.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. And then if I can ask another quick one. John, you asked about, or you talked rather about the inventory issue with the c-store customer. We've been seeing some signs of convenience stores maybe clearing out a little bit of shelf space for more, I guess, health and wellness oriented products or perceived to be health and wellness. Is this what you think partially drove the de-load, because that will reduce your shelf space or was it more just a normal course of business type of reduction that happens from time to time?
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, Ken, I don't think it's adversely impacted our shelf space. It was more a case of retail holding more inventory than they thought appropriate and it came out significantly here in the first quarter.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much, John.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, everybody.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: John, you talked about the cereal category improving. I'm trying to get a sense of what you see driving that in your expectations for the category overall for this year. And then in Cereal, your share of innovation you marked at 44% and your displays were up mid-single-digits. I'm trying to get a sense of how those metrics compare to maybe what they might have been, let's say, over the course of 2014?
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thanks, Andrew. On the category, we are seeing the trends improved. We're down around 2% to 3% in the first quarter, which is better than last year so it's very dangerous to predict what a category is going to do, but I'd say it's going to be down in that low-single-digit sort of range for the year. What we're seeing in our business is stronger performance. Seven of our 10 largest brands under the Kellogg brand gained share in the quarter and the Kellogg brand itself gained about 30 basis points of share. If you look at why some of our business is doing better, Froot Loops grew about 6% and that's being driven by some great advertising programs behind evening consumption, et cetera. The Raisin Bran business is up about 7%. Rice Krispies is up 4%. In case of Raisin Bran, we have some innovation but also some very on-trend advertising as well. We are seeing improved distribution and merchandising from reinvesting back into our U.S. sales force. Displays are up in Q1 last year. Quite frankly, we were down in Q1 last year, so part of it is the comp as well that's helping us there, and 44% share of innovation is a sort of share of innovation that we'd like to see in our U.S. Cereal business, but not what we had necessarily last year, so I think we are seeing some good performance within the Cereal business, particularly across the legacy Kellogg brands.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much for that.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Chris.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. I had two questions, if I could. I wanted to ask first from a bigger picture standpoint, John, in relation to improving sales trends and a stronger first quarter performance, especially on the profit side, what does that mean for Kellogg for the year? Is it that you can reinvest more heavily now? Are there areas that this gives you more flexibility to invest in? I'm just curious how to look at the year if the sales trends keep improving the way they are?
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we've had a good start to the year. And as we said in the press release, we beat our internal expectations in Q1. It is one quarter in the year though, so I think it's appropriate for us to say that we're still on track from a full-year perspective and so it would be too early for us to start thinking about reinvest or other alternatives. So I think it's a good start for the whole year. We have expectations of sales being relatively flat; we achieved that in the first quarter, which is actually our toughest comp so we're feeling good about where we are.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just a question relation to Europe; a pretty strong profit performance, certainly, and Pringles obviously did well, it sounds like. I'm curious how the base Cereal business performed, especially in the developed markets and then the emerging market piece of Europe, how that performed as well?
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So if you look within Europe, we did have good growth in Pringles, as you said. Cereal sales were down in the quarter, though that's actually is an improving trend in line with our expectations, so we're seeing some good progress there. And if you look within Europe, we actually saw some growth on a consolidated basis in Northern Europe, France, and Benelux, U.K., Ireland, and Southern Europe down very slightly, low-signal-digits in the quarter. We had some good growth in the emerging markets, particularly in Russia, even though it's a tough environment we actually saw some good growth in Russia in the quarter as well.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for the time.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Hayes with Nomura. Please go ahead.
David H. Hayes - Nomura International Plc: Good morning, all. If I can just touch base on international. There's two things actually, just following up on that Pringles comment in Europe. I'm just wondering whether you can talk about the capacity that came on stream or that did come on stream for Pringles in the first quarter and, therefore, whether some of that improved performance, that double-digit performance is due to that capacity now being there and, therefore, effectively do you expect that to continue as a trend through the year? And then secondly, if I can, sorry, just as María is there, I just wonder if we can catch up on where we are with regulation in Mexico. Clearly, this time last year, there was some negative impact with the effect of the shipping (45:42) tax. I just wonder whether there is any more news flow or noises around whether that could be repeated again or elsewhere in the region if there's any risk of that happening. Thanks very much.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. So I'll start with the Pringles question and then hand over to María Fernanda to talk about the regulatory environment in Latin America. On Pringles, we do have the benefit of our plant in Poland coming up last year. So it's helping us supply the market this year. And we're still essentially in a situation where we're selling every can we can make as a company. We have a new plant in Malaysia coming up this year. That will be a bit of a slower start for us because it's a totally new facility in Malaysia. But we are looking to get some capacity out of it, it might help drive our Asia-Pacific business. On a global basis, we grew Pringles around 7%, 8% in Q1 which is similar to what we're seeing growth over the last couple of years. So I think we're seeing very good ongoing trends and really we are just constrained by how quickly we can bring capacity on. And María Fernanda, do you want to talk about Mexico?
María Fernanda Mejía - President - Kellogg Latin America, Kellogg Co.: Sure. Thanks for the question, David. Regarding the Mexico tax first, last year we believe the team did a really great job in predicting the impact of the Mexico tax through the good use of insights and analytics. We did see an impact in volumes particularly in the first half of 2014, but through the implementation of very strong consumption building and category program, we saw the elasticity improve through the back half of 2014 and certainly through the first quarter of 2015 where in Mexico we saw great volume recovery. As far as what we're seeing in the region from a regulatory standpoint, obviously we meet all government and regulatory requirements, and we're constantly tracking and evolving – the requirements and the evolving consumer preferences. In the region, cereal, a bowl of cereal with milk fruit still provides a very nutritious breakfast offering when we compare it to other local offerings in the marketplace. So I think we should congratulate the Mexico team for a job well done in managing a challenging situation for us through the first half of 2014.
David H. Hayes - Nomura International Plc: Okay. Thanks, guys. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Bryan.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Brian.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: John, we've talked in the past about the snack bars, Kashi, and Special K businesses really being the principal drags on performance over the last I guess year or two. And I guess listening to their prepared remarks this morning it didn't sound like you've yet got much benefit from those three areas really improving. So I guess, A, is that correct? And B, I know you've got a lot of prescriptive actions in place to try to turn those. Should we expect may be to see some movement on that as we move through the balance of this year?
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Bryan. Great question. So let me just clarify one thing, on Kashi, the Kashi wholesome snack bars actually grew in the first quarter, which is a sign of the strength of the brand, particularly when you have great food going up against it. On the Special K business, if you look at some of the softness in consumption we've had in our U.S. Snacks business, it does largely come down to Special K. But there's some good news in there. So if we look within wholesome snacks, Special K bars is a primary source of weakness within that category for us. We've come out with new Special K bars here at the beginning of the year. We've lost some distribution and some retailers but we've maintained the distribution, the velocity is up strong, which would suggest that we've got good food that's delivering upon the promise of Special K. And we have more innovation coming in behind Special K in the middle of the year. If you come to crackers, similar story. We've renovated the Special K Cracker Chip offering. We've lost some distribution on those products, but where we've maintained the distribution, the velocity is up strongly again, which also suggests we have some great food out there. So I think what we're seeing is a transition, the good news is where the food's in play we're seeing good velocities. Now our job is to rebuild the distributions based on having great food in the marketplace.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, John. And just fair to say that the upside in the quarter wasn't really a function of a contribution from those actions yet, that's still something you're expecting further out in the future?
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think that's fair. We're essentially on plan in our U.S. Snacks business in the first quarter. I think the upside had more to do with some great performances in the international businesses and seeing better trends come out of our U.S. Cereal business.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you, and good morning.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Just wanted to follow up on your U.S. Snack comments, John. I think you said to another question that you expected this to sequentially improve. However, when we look at the U.S. Nielsen data, what we're seeing, though, would be the opposite. We're seeing snack information from Nielsen kind of weakening materially. Cookies look double-digit negatives on both volumes and sales and certainly issues on the snack bars. So is second quarter actually a – you really expect a sequential improvement in U.S. Snacks?
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: David, there's a couple of factors driving that. If you look at the consumption data versus the shipment data, there's two reasons for differences there in the first quarter. One has to do with strong growth in the non-measured channel right. I realize that Nielsen covers most of the business but there are some large customers and meaningful channels that are not inside that data as we're seeing some very good growth in those businesses. Secondly, a lot of what's happening is driven by the phasing of innovation year on year. So last year innovation went out in the first quarter, this year innovation for Snacks is much more mid-year. And what's happening there is we'll see that innovation go in Q2, that will give us more of a consumption drive and a little bit more of a shipment drive too as we fill the pipelines for that innovation. Last year innovation went in, in the first quarter which means that supplies usually ships in Q4 and so we actually burn through inventory in Q1. We get good consumption coming from behind that innovation in Q1 last year. So a little bit of a timing issue within the year that's driving what you're seeing there. We do expect better results, I would caution on some of the April data because the shift of Easter can distort one week versus another but we do expect to see improving consumption trends in our Snacks business over time
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks for clearing that up. Just one other thing for me, Project K, the savings plan there versus kind of what we're seeing at ZBB savings from the Heinz and Kraft. John, how do you and your team benchmark Kellogg? And have you gone far enough to reduce costs with the Project K plan?
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So historically when we've benchmarked the company to our peers, we've actually come with a little bit leaner, quite frankly, than a lot of our peer group. Clearly, as we have a new model with the 3G model and Kraft and Heinz, we're going to watch that closely and learn and reapply what works. But we're not going to blindly follow those actions. As you think about our business, we're doing Project K, reinvesting for growth. As we talked about at CAGNY, we only need low-single-digit growth to drive mid-single digit operating profit and we believe that's the right way to sustainably grow and drive these businesses over time. So to answer your question, we continue to look, to learn but we're going to drive Project K for now and then see if more ideas come to us based upon what we see in the marketplace.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you, John. I'll pass it along.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. María, just wanted to come back to the growth opportunity in Latin America given that, I guess, the sales growth we've seen has been largely price-based. I think the last year where Kellogg really had steady volume growth maybe five or six years ago. So what's been holding back consumption there? And is there a target that you're maybe looking at in terms of what normalized volume growth could be as Pringles ramps up? And then with the timing, when you think that can be achieved? Thank you.
María Fernanda Mejía - President - Kellogg Latin America, Kellogg Co.: Thanks, John. It's a great question. As we shared with you earlier in the presentation, we've made some pretty important structural changes to better address the growth opportunities in Latin America and they're quite simple. First is high-frequently stores. Traditionally, we've had pantry size boxes of cereal going through most of our direct accounts. 50% to 70% of all food sales go through HFS, as I mentioned earlier, only 20% of cereal sales and for us, less than 20% of our snacks. So that is the biggest opportunity. To be able to drive volume growth, John, in HFS, we need to have the right size, the right pack, at the right affordable price and that's what we've now put in through the core of our cereal brands to address high-frequency stores. And as we ramp-up Pringles, having Pringles also in affordable sizes for high-frequency stores, is going to be absolutely critical.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So your view is more of a price-point issue as opposed to just changing consumer consumption trends over the years?
María Fernanda Mejía - President - Kellogg Latin America, Kellogg Co.: I think so. I think it's making sure that our products are affordable and accessible where consumers and shoppers shop every day in our region.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, María.
Operator: The next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys. First to follow up on gross margins. Using that guidance on a year-over-year basis currency-neutral, it looks like you'd be expecting gross margins to be flat to up for the remainder of the year. If that is about right, and I think you said the Project K savings timings would only be a little bit more favorable in the last three quarters, is the rest of that input cost easing? Any color on that would be helpful.
Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, so you're right. Our gross margins were flat in the first quarter, and we have said guidance for the full year is that our gross margin will be up slightly. Project K was a little bit lower in the first quarter versus how it will play out over the next three quarters. And our rate of productivity savings in the balance of the business, so excluding Project K, also gets a little bit better as we go through the balance of the year, David. So that contributes to slight gross margin improvement as well.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And then just to follow up on Kashi, where are you on the product renovation side with Kashi going to GMO-free and perhaps the broadening of the organic line? Thanks.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We're making good progress on Kashi. As you mentioned, we are renovating some of our core foods today. The good news is that we have a strong team in place in California, and we are making progress both on the renovation front, which we expect to have for Kashi largely this year, but also on the innovation front, bringing new foods to market. If you look at what's happened to Kashi, we have seen a significant loss of distribution over the last year, but our velocities are stabilizing. And as we bring in new innovation mid-year, we expect to start to improve our distribution as we go forward. So mechanically, we're going to see a decline in Kashi this year. That's really a loss of past distribution as opposed to a weakness in the underlying brand or foods. And as we start to rebuild through innovation, I think we'll start seeing the business return to growth. That's probably more a 2016 discussion than a 2015 discussion. The good news as we go talk to retailers about the innovation of what we're doing on the brands, there's real excitement about what we're doing, and we're seeing improving support from retailers as well as we go forward.
David S. Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Kurt Feuerman with Alliance. Please go ahead.
Kurt A. Feuerman - AllianceBernstein LP: Good morning. I have a quick comment and then a question. As a portfolio manager who speaks to many managements in many sectors, I'm struck by how positive you are on this call and how informative the call is for, I think, everyone else whose asked the question so far as a sell-side analyst. Yet the company is struggling so seriously. And only 14% of these sell-siders recommend the stock. That's one of the lowest ratios of any company that's listed. Here's my question. It's probably a better question for the board of directors than for senior management, but here it is. How does management justify its lack of urgency and direction in light of continued lackluster results since the current CEO came in? This is, to me, especially relevant in light of the Heinz, Kraft transaction, and the fact that 3G – one of the reasons 3G chose Kraft was specifically management's willingness to merge. So the question is, is the company hiding behind its poison pill which is the foundation stake?
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Kurt, thanks for the question. We are executing the largest restructuring program in the company's history, taking out a very large amount of cost and reinvesting that back in the business to drive long-term growth. You're seeing that through our investments back in sales capability, investments in our food, and you're seeing our top line trend starting to improve with growth across our international businesses and better trends in some of our U.S. businesses. So we're on track with our plan to return to sustainable growth over time, and we believe that's the best way to create value for shareholders.
Kurt A. Feuerman - AllianceBernstein LP: Right. But let me just follow up. We know that you're doing that, but it's not providing results that are as good as some of your competitors. And it's certainly not enhancing shareholder value. So if you look at just yourself versus General Mills, since you became CEO, I believe your earnings are up 8% if you earn 355 (60:24) this year, which is the midpoint of your guidance. Whereas, General Mills earnings would be up – earnings per share would be up 30%. And just on shareholder value, would you consider merging with another company if that was in the best interest of shareholders?
John A. Bryant - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Kurt, we always will do what we think is the best way to create shareholder value and we are – and our belief is (60:49), driving exactly like programs to achieve that outcome and that's what we're absolutely focused on as a company. I think you're seeing improving trends in this quarter and that's our goal as we go forward. So I appreciate the question.
Simon D. Burton - Vice President-Investor Relations: Gary, I think we better wrap it up, please, if we can.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Simon D. Burton - Vice President-Investor Relations: That's it. Thank you. We'll be around to answer questions over the next day or two if anybody has follow ups. Thanks.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-12 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon Burton - Executive Officer of Snacks business unit John A. Bryant - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Alex Sloane - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2014 earnings call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. Thank you. At this time, I will turn the call over to Simon Burton, Vice President of Investor Relations for Kellogg Company. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference call.
Simon Burton: Thanks, Gary, and good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today for a review of our full year and fourth quarter 2014 results. I'm joined here by John Bryant, Chairman and CEO; and Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. And as you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, February 16. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon. And thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today, we announced results for the fourth quarter and full year. Comparable full year sales were at the lower end of our guidance range. Our results for full year comparable operating profit was slightly lower than we had anticipated, primarily due to the decline in sales. And our results for full year comparable earnings per share were in line with our expectations, but were also at the low end of the range. Project K is on track and we've delivered savings in line with our guidance for 2014. The global business services initiative is going well and we've begun to reduce capacity in some regions and add capacity in others. Results from our labor strategy intend to drive a more competitive, sustainable cost structure have been mixed. We've seen good results in Europe and Australia, although we still have work to do in the U.S. As you know, Project K will provide us with a considerable amount of financial flexibility and we are continuing our investment in 2015. We're at an important point as we enter 2015. After a disappointing 2014, we are building a platform for growth over the coming year. We will continue to execute Project K. We are investing in our business and we expect to stabilize our top line in 2015. In providing guidance for 2015, we recognize the critical task of returning the company to sustainable top line growth. We expect full year comparable net sales to be approximately flat, a significant improvement from the trends we saw in 2014. We were pleased with our performance in much of the international business in 2014. And our expectations are that the positive sales trends will continue in 2015. However, we do have more work to do in the U.S., particularly in the cereal and snack businesses. Ron will provide more detail regarding our guidance for 2015 in a few minutes. As we look to the long-term health of the business, it is critically important that we set realistic financial goals. Please turn to Slide 4 and a discussion of our long-term targets. We are changing our target for long-term comparable revenue growth to a low single-digit rate. Our target for comparable operating profit growth remains at a mid-single-digit rate and our target for currency-neutral comparable EPS growth remains at a high single-digit rate. One of the key drivers of success is targeting realistic goals, which can be achieved over the long-term. The businesses in the developed categories in which we compete are expected to grow at a low single-digit rate over the long-term. And while our cereal and snack businesses in developing and emerging regions will grow faster, we think that low single-digit top line growth for the total business is a realistic and achievable goal. And 2015 will be a step in the right direction. Results will improve from those we saw in previous periods and we will build a platform from which we can grow in the years to come. Now let's turn to Slide 5 and a discussion regarding the areas of investment. As we've discussed with you over the last couple of quarters, our current investment as part of Project K will be centered on the 3 main areas over the past purchase: Desire, Decide, and Delight. First of all, we support our brands with great brand building ideas that generate the Desire for our products. The way in which we engage with consumers has continued to evolve and our investment takes various forms, including digital media, consumer promotions such as inserts and traditional advertising. As you know, we currently spend a high percentage of sales on brand building. And while we're increasing our investment in brand building, we are as focused on optimizing the impact of this investment as we are on increasing the amount of the investment. Next is the Decide phase, where we bring it all to life in store. We're investing in sales capabilities. We have invested in both the cereal and snack sales forces in the U.S. and have always started [ph] to see better execution and results in store and have also started to invest in the 3 international regions, including investment in regional sales Centers of Excellence, designed to share best practices. And finally is the Delight phase. We Delight consumers with great food. Consumer trends in health and wellness and in weight management are evolving. And we must appeal to those trends with foods that address the needs of consumers and that also taste great. We've been doing a lot of work on our foods around the world, including the recent launch of Mueslis and granolas and the reformulation of many of our existing foods. Specifically, we've launched new Special K bars with improved food and packaging. We have new Kashi cereals and we're converting the GOLEAN brand to be GMO-free the heart-to-heart brand to organic. And we're also promoting the versatility of our foods. So to sum up. Much of this activity is intended to address the challenges that we faced in developed businesses around the world in the last year or so. I mean, some of these activity has started and it's early in the year, but we're starting to see a response and we're optimistic that it will provide a base for future sales growth. And now I'll turn it over to Ron for a discussion of the financial results for the quarter and full year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Slide 6 shows the financial results for the fourth quarter and full year. Comparable net sales for the full year decreased by 2%. We had better performance in some of our international businesses, particularly in the second half of the year. But we experienced declines in our developed cereal businesses and the U.S. Snacks business. We are executing initiatives in these businesses, including the introduction of new foods and investment in marketing, as John mentioned, to improve performance. The recorded quarterly operating loss was $422 million, which included a significant non-cash mark-to-market adjustment of $822 million. This was primarily driven by the impact the changes in interest rates had on pension plan liabilities. Comparable operating profit decreased by 0.1% in the fourth quarter. Operating profit declined by 3.9% for the full year, more than we expected as a result of lower production volume and higher distribution costs. Cost management actions and lower incentive compensation and overhead contributed positively to fourth quarter and full year performance. As John mentioned, investment in brand building is significant and overall brand building for the year remained unchanged as a percentage of sales in 2014. Comparable earnings per share, which exclude integration costs, mark-to-market adjustments to 53rd week, Project K cost and other items that affect comparability, were $0.84 per share on the fourth quarter and $3.81 per share for the full year, in line with our expectations. These results include $0.02 of currency headwind in the fourth quarter and $0.01 for the full year. The 53rd week added $0.07 to earnings per share in the quarter. Slide 7 shows the composition of the fourth quarter and full year sales growth. For the full year, reported sales decreased by 1.4% and comparable sales decreased by 2%, with a similar decline in comparable net sales in the fourth quarter. Comparable volume decreased by 2.6% for the full year and price mix increased by 0.6%. Comparable volume stabilized in Europe and in Latin America in the fourth quarter. The decline in volume was primarily the result of the developed cereal and snack businesses in the U.S. The impact of currency translation reduced sales growth by 0.8 points for the full year and nearly 3% in the fourth quarter as many currencies weakened against the U.S. dollar. The 53rd week also contributed growth in the quarter and for the full year. Slide 8 shows our comparable gross profit and gross margin for the quarter and the year. Comparable gross margin decreased by 40 basis points for the full year and by 70 basis points in the fourth quarter. And this decline was consistent with our latest guidance. Lower production volume driven by our sales performance and higher distribution costs impacted margin. Our savings from productivity were in line with expectations and savings from Project K also met expectations. Slide 9 shows the comparable operating profit performance for each of the regions in the fourth quarter. North America's comparable operating profit decreased by 7%, largely as a result of lower sales posted in the quarter. We continue to face challenges in our U.S. cereal and snacks businesses. And this was the primary driver of the decline in operating profit in the quarter. In addition, we also saw lower production volume and greater-than-anticipated distribution cost continue through the fourth quarter. Investment in brand building as a percentage of sales was unchanged for the full year. Comparable operating profit in Europe increased by 24% in the fourth quarter as a result of net deflation in cost of goods sold, including strong productivity savings, the timing of investment in brand building and cost discipline and overhead. Comparable operating profit declined by 4% in Latin America in the fourth quarter. Benefit from top line growth of more than 7% was more than offset by the timing of costs, including a double-digit increase in investment in brand building to support second half product launches across the region. Fourth quarter comparable operating profit increased by 50% in the Asia-Pacific region. This was driven by solid productivity improvements and Project K savings in cost of goods sold as well as lower brand building, primarily in Australia. Slide 10 shows full year cash flow for 2014. Cash flow was $1.2 billion, which exceeded our expectations for the year. This was driven by a benefit from year end U.S. tax legislation and broad-based working capital improvements, including our supplier financing initiative. This initiative added more than $200 million to annual cash flow in 2014 and nearly offset approximately $250 million of incremental cash impact from Project K. We expect additional benefit from this program in 2015 as we cascade it across the globe. Capital spending for the year was $582 million, at the low end of our range. This includes the impact of some timing between 2014 and 2015 as well as lower costs for certain projects. Share repurchases for the year were $690 million and we reduced our average share count by 1.4% as planned. Dividends paid in 2014 were $680 million so total cash return to share owners was almost $1.4 billion. Now let's turn to Slide 11 and our guidance for 2015. As always this guidance excludes items that affect comparability, so please see our notes for details. We expected challenging macroeconomic environment in 2015. And the devaluation of foreign currencies also presents both translational and transactional foreign currency headwinds. So the guidance we're providing today is realistic and reflects the investment necessary to stabilize our business and return it to sustainable growth. We expect that comparable net sales will be approximately flat for the year, an improvement when compared to the performance we saw in 2014. We expect net deflation in cost of goods sold. Overall, commodity and packaging costs are relatively neutral and we are approximately 70% covered for the year. However, we do anticipate inflation in wages, benefits and logistics costs. We expect the benefit from productivity to be 3% to 4% cost of goods, in line with our long-term goals, and we'll see incremental savings from Project K in 2015. So if you add all of these factors together, we expect to see net deflation for the year and slight gross margin expansion. Comparable operating profit is estimated to be down between 2% and 4%. This includes the impact of rebasing incentive compensation costs, just between a 3- and 4-point headwind to operating profit growth, slightly higher than the 2 to 3 points we communicated in our third quarter 10-Q. Excluding this headwind, comparable operating profit growth would be approximately flat to up slightly. We expect brand building will increase at a rate faster than sales growth. And we expect the currency-neutral comparable earnings will be in a range of flat to down 2% or $3.74 to $3.82 per share. Of course, the incentive compensation headwind also impacts our earnings per share in 2015 by between 3 and 4 points. These earnings expectations exclude the impact of 2014's 53rd week and the impact of foreign currency translation, which currently looks like it could be as much as $0.15 per share. The tax rate is expected to be between 27% and 28% and interest expense is anticipated to be between $215 million and $225 million. We expect that cash flow after capital spending will be approximately $1 billion. This includes total incremental cash costs of $350 million from Project K. So underlying cash flow is between $1.3 billion and $1.4 billion. We anticipate the total capital spending will be in the range of 4% to 5% of sales. This includes approximately 1 point of sales for incremental capital for Project K. It also includes investment to increase the capacity in our Pringles business and the completion of a new cereal plant in India. As I said, the total incremental after-tax cash cost for Project K will be approximately $350 million in 2015, including the additional point of sales for capital spending. This makes 2015 the year with the most cash outflows over the life of Project K. We expect to repurchase between 700 million and 750 million of shares in 2015. Our current outlook for the first quarter earnings per share is that it will account for approximately one quarter of our total estimate for the full year on a comparable basis, including the impact of currency. Currently, our expectations are that the impact of currency will be spread relatively evenly across the year. Slide 12 shows our annual EPS log, based on comparable earnings in 2014 of $3.81 per share. As I mentioned, currency translation could have an impact of as much as $0.15 per share, although this does not include the impact of any significant currency devaluations we might see during the year, such as in Venezuela. Obviously, this estimate will change and we plan to update you on the impact on future quarterly calls. We expect a small amount of costs related to the integration of distributors and other items for Pringles in 2015. And we estimate this cost of between $0.03 and $0.05 per share and expect that this will be the last year of these integration costs. While it's early in the integration process at this time, we expect that the impact on the investment in BiscoMisr in Egypt will not be material in 2015. And finally, we expect that incremental savings from Project K will be between $90 million to $100 million for the full year, approximately 2/3 of which will come in cost of goods sold. Pretax P&L cost related to the project are estimated to be between $400 million and $450 million, or approximately $0.80 to $0.90 per share in 2015, 75% of which will be in cost of goods sold. Obviously, the timing and cost of the projects may change over time. So we'll provide an update regarding Project K on the quarterly conference calls and at the upcoming CAGNY conference. And now I'll turn it back over to John, for more detail on the operating segments.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Let's turn to next slide in detail regarding the Morning Foods business. Comparable net sales declined by 7.7% in the fourth quarter and by 5.7% for the full year. 2014 was clearly a disappointing year for us in Morning Foods. But we're taking the right actions to improve the performance of the business over time. As I mentioned, we have already started to invest the savings from Project K in our food and brand building and in in-store execution. And we have stronger plans for 2015. We expect that sales in the U.S. cereal business will be down in 2015, but that trends will show a real improvement over those we saw in 2014. The performance in the fourth quarter of 2014 was again primarily driven by the Kashi and Special K brands as it has been in recent quarters. In addition, we continue to face and pry innovation out of the market and this also had an impact in the quarter. However, partially offsetting these effects was better display and good performance from the Froot Loops brand, which gained share as a result of strong end market support. And we're also seeing good initial results from our Disney Frozen themed cereal, which is exceeding our expectations. We previously highlighted some of the programs and changes we're making to the Special K and Kashi brands. And Paul Norman will discuss them in more detail in next week's CAGNY conference. Let me just highlight a few things on Slide 15. We have launched the See You at Breakfast campaign and the Open for Breakfast Digital program designed to help us connect directly with consumers. We are investing in in-store capabilities in our U.S. Morning Foods sales force. We are investing in our food. We are launching new Special K products, such as gluten-free and protein. We are continuing to evolve the Kashi GOLEAN brand certified GMO-free. And we're making the Kashi heart-to-heart brand USDA organic. We expect that these actions will have a positive impact on the performance of the Special K and Kashi brands and on the cereal business as a whole. However, our plan for investment is a long-term one and the levels, content and effectiveness of the support will evolve and increase over time. Consumption in our Pop-Tarts business declined in the quarter, again due to comparisons to good performance last year. However, we gained share in the quarter and the full year and launched a new variety of peanut butter and jelly flavored Pop-Tarts during the quarter and we expect this to improve results in 2015. As you can tell, we've been focusing on improving the cereal business and we have a lot of activity planned for 2015, some of which is beginning now. We've launched new products and redesigned food and packaging to better appeal to consumer trends. We have continued our brand support, while increasing our efforts to drive category relevance. And we're driving more effectiveness from our investment, not just the incremental work, but the core investment as well. Improvement will come over time and we're confident that we have the ideas and the brands necessary to stabilize the business and return it to growth. Now let's turn to our U.S. Snacks business on Slide 16. Comparable net sales declined by 3.1% in the fourth quarter and by 2.4% for the full year. As we saw last quarter, and in other categories around the world, the decline in sales was largely due to consumer trends away from weight management brands. Sales in the cracker business was low in the quarter, although sales and share were approximately unchanged for the full year. We continue to see share gains in the 3 largest brands: Cheez-It, Club and Town House in Q4. However, this good performance was offset by continued declines in the Special K Cracker Chip business due to the trends I referenced earlier. As a result, we are addressing this by relaunching Special K Cracker Chips with better taste profiles and improved packaging and with new positioning. They started to arrive in stores late in December. We saw a decline in share of the cookie category in the quarter, largely as a result of continued declines in the Right Bites' 100-calorie pack business. This was also the result of the trends in weight management and accounted for half of that total decline in share. However, we are migrating consumers to an expanded line of single-serve products, which should help to reduce the impact of the decline in Right Bites in 2015. The business was also impacted by lower distribution as Keebler special edition items exited the market. Also in the cookie segment, we saw continued growth from Chips Deluxe as a result of the new products co-branded with M&M's. These products were linked to basic growth and consumption and share for the brand in the quarter and for the full year. Our consumption in the wholesome snack category declined in the quarter and we lost share. However, the trends in consumption improved. Both Nutri-Grain and Rice Krispies Treats saw increased consumption and share in the fourth quarter and for the full year as a result of core growth and innovation. Consumption of Rice Krispies Treats increased at a double-digit rate in the quarter. And Kashi bars posted better performance later in the year due to the launch of new products. The declines in the business continue to be driven by Special K bars and FiberPlus bars, again, as a result of the weight management issues I've mentioned. In response, we are launching new great-tasting Special K snack bars with new packaging and new food. This activity ties into the initiatives we are launching in other categories and regions around the world and the new products also began to arrive in stores late in December. The U.S. Pringles business posted mid-single digit comparable net sales growth for the full year. We posted flat comparable net sales in the fourth quarter due to the timing of promotions and brand building activities and the impact of the launch of Pringles Tortilla in the fourth quarter of 2013, which led to a high single-digit comparison. We expect to see growth from this business in 2015, partially as a result of brand building support by core brand, although we have difficult comparisons against the launch of Tortilla in the first half of the year. Pringles, as a global brand, posted full year growth in all regions in 2014 and we're selling every can we can make around the world. So as we expected, our U.S. Snacks business continued to face challenges in the fourth quarter. As with the cereal business, we anticipate that improvement will take time. However, we've identified the issues, which was centered on our weight management brands and we're beginning the investment necessary to stabilize this business and return it to growth. We're taking the actions now that will start to drive improvement in the future. Let's turn to Slide 17 in the U.S. Specialty segment. Our Specialty Channels business posted a decline in comparable net sales of 1% in the fourth quarter. Comparable net sales for the full year declined by 1.4%. In the fourth quarter, Kellogg gained share in the convenience channel, in the wholesome snack, cracker and salty snack categories. Total net sales in the convenience business increased at a high single-digit rate in the quarter, partially as a result of introduction of new products. [indiscernible] in 2014 built on high single-digit growth in the fourth quarter of 2013. Note that we reduced sales in low-margin custom products in Q4 and the full year in this segment. We have great plans for U.S. Specialty in 2015 and expect full year sales growth as a result. Slide 18 shows the performance of the North America Other segment, which saw an increase in comparable sales of 1.3% in the fourth quarter. This segment includes the U.S. Frozen Foods and Canadian businesses. Comparable net sales in the Frozen Foods business declined slightly in the quarter. Consumption of Eggo waffles is improving, as we relaunched the Leggo My Eggo brand building program and launched Eggo gluten-free in a new variety of Thick & Fluffy waffles. We are also in the middle of launching Eggo handheld sandwiches. These are an all family breakfast sandwich. And although it's early in the process, the initial results have been encouraging. As a result of this launch and good performance from our Special K handheld sandwiches, sales of our total sandwich business increased at a double-digit rate in the fourth quarter and we gained share. Finally, for the Frozen Foods business, we have new Special K products scheduled to launch in April and we've also seen good results in our Morningstar Farms, Roasted Garlic and Quinoa burger, which is non-GMO and made with organic ingredients. So we've got a lot of activity planned for this year and we expect this business to return to growth in 2015. Beef [ph] sales increased at a mid-single-digit rate in the Canadian business in the fourth quarter. Consumption growth in the Canadian soup [ph] category has improved significantly and our sales were approximately flat for the quarter. Now let's turn to Slide 19 in our European business. Comparable net sales in the region declined by 0.7% in the full year and by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. We saw good growth in the snack and emerging market businesses and some continued challenges in the developed cereal markets. We saw a double-digit net sales growth in emerging markets in the fourth quarter. Specifically, both the Med Middle Eastern business and the Russian business posted good results in the quarter and for the full year. And you may have seen that we recently announced an investment in BiscoMisr, the largest biscuit manufacturer in Egypt. The biscuit category has been performing well in Egypt. And this is a great investment that will add additional growth to our current Middle Eastern business and we're also excited about the potential for geographic expansion. Chris Hood, the president of our business in Kellogg in Europe, will give you more detail regarding this next week at CAGNY. As I mentioned in the fourth quarter, the developed cereal business in Europe continued to face challenges similar to the ones we've seen in the U.S. We ran brand building activities in the second half of 2014 and we've got more new products and brand building launching in the first quarter of 2015. Mueslis, like the one you can see pictured on the slide, are just one example of the new foods we have going into market in various regions. This is great tasting cereal in a resealable pouch and is an example of the kind of work we've been doing to improve our foods. We're also running a popular promotion across the European region that allows consumers to receive a personalized spoon and we're launching new porridge in the U.K. and Ireland. New Special K advertising has recently gone on air in the U.K, which addresses some of the recent health and wellness trends we've seen and we're launching a new variety of Krave Tresor across the region. The Pringles business posted growth of 6.5% in the fourth quarter. And as a result, we posted the highest sales of any quarter in the history of the business. We've also got new products launching, including the Tortilla Pringles, which have been very successful in U.S. and we have more capacity coming online at mid-year. So we achieved some success in the region in 2014 and we are optimistic that we can build on this as we enter 2015. Slide 20 shows the performance of our Latin American business for the quarter and the year. Comparable net sales growth was 7.2% in the fourth quarter and 3.9% for the full year. This group performance was primarily the result of growth in Venezuela, Mexico, Mercosur and the broader Pringles business. The cereal business in Latin America saw good growth in the fourth quarter, although the competitive activity we mentioned last quarter continued in Mexico. Children's cereal contributed to the growth of the business in the region as a result of good brand building programs and product introductions, including new Zucaritas and Choco Krispies. We are also addressing challenges in the adult segment with new commercial plans and the renovation of Special K and All-Bran, 2 of our largest brands in the region. In addition, we have executed parent brand programs, including the Breakfast for Better Days program, which has been well received. We're also launching other great products in the region in 2015 and are working to expand the overall distribution of our cereals. The Pringles business continued to do well in Q4, posting mid-single-digit comparable sales growth. We've seen a good initial reaction to new Tortilla Pringles and the execution of the launch has gone well. And we've also recently launched Kellogg branded granola bars in the region. So we ended the year well as a result of good activity and we have more planned for the coming months. We expect to increase investment in brand building in 2015 and expect good growth in both comparable sales and comparable operating profit. Now let's turn to Slide 21 in our Asia-Pacific business. The Asia-Pacific segment posted a decline in comparable net sales of 1.2% in the fourth quarter and growth of 0.7% for the full year. Strong results in Asia were offset by issues in the developed cereals business in Australia. The Asian business posted double-digit net sales growth in the quarter with the Indian, Japanese and Southeast Asian businesses all achieving double-digit sales growth. The Southeast Asian business benefited from strong parent brand activation and the Japanese business saw continued good growth in the granola segment. The Australian cereal business continue to face pressures similar to those seen in other developed businesses and results were also impacted by the year-over-year timing of promotional activity in the fourth quarter. The Pringles business posted good sales growth due to good results in Australia and strong growth in much of Asia. Finally, the joint venture we have in China posted significant double-digit net sales growth as both cereal and Pringles businesses continued to contribute. So we had a good fourth quarter and full year in Asia. We have some challenges in the Australian cereal business. We've already begun initiatives and have launched new products that will help address the situation. We expect stronger growth across Asia Pacific in 2015. Now let's look at Slide 22 and the summary. Project K remains on track in 2014 and is beginning to provide significant flexibility to reinvest in the business. In 2015, we will continue to invest across the path to purchase: Desire, Decide, Delight. We will continue to invest in brand building and we have more programs launching now and across the balance of the year that will support our new foods and our existing products. We are bringing it all to life in store with increased sales capabilities and are starting to see better execution and improvement in the results. And we've made significant improvements to our food in order to meet the rapidly changing views of consumers regarding health and wellness. This includes new foods and new packaging and the reformulation of many of our existing foods. So 2015 is a rebuilding year for us. It's an opportunity to invest in great food and ideas and to build a solid platform for long-term growth. As I'm sure you can see, our Kellogg employees are dedicated to returning the company to growth. They are executing Project K, they are delivering the savings, they are developing the growth plans and they are implementing the plans. It's thanks to them that in 2015, we can build a platform for future growth. And with that, I will open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: John, I just want to ask you about the reduction in long-term sales guidance. You've spoken pretty recently that you believe you can achieve that mid-single digit operating profit growth even in an environment where you're only generating 1% to 2% internal sales. So that's consistent. But does that guidance only hold true during this period of accelerated savings in Project K? And is it feasible to sustain that, I guess, 50 basis points of annual margin expansion beyond the conclusion of Project K, when you'll be more reliant just on ongoing productivity? And secondly, is there any implied change in your cereal category expectations that are baked into that 1% to 3%?
John A. Bryant: So Matthew, as you think about how economics work, we're not relying upon Project K to drive bottom line results. We've said before we're reinvesting Project K back into the business and that's our primary objective, as we drive the business back to sustainable long-term growth. So we've got to get this business back into growth. If we can achieve 1%, 2% growth, 3% on the top line, and we can offset inflation with underlying productivity programs, that gives us gross margin expansion because of the leverage we get through our manufacturing facilities. We can have modest investment back into our organization and into our brand building programs and still deliver mid single-digit operating profit growth. So the way our economics work is we are quite a leveraged P&L. Small amounts of top line growth can lead to mid-single digit operating profit growth, irrespective of Project K. In terms of our views long-term on the business and the category growths, we continue to believe that Europe and North America can grow low single digits and Asia-Pacific and Latin America can grow mid-single digit and even mid to high single digit in the case of Latin America. And we'll talk more about this at CAGNY next week. As I think about our developed cereal businesses, we believe we can return our developed cereal business back to growth. However, we think being pragmatic, that growth is pretty much at the low end of the low single-digit kind of range, where those categories have historically outperformed over the last 5, 10 years. Again, we'll show you some of that information at CAGNY next week. So the key reason for us changing our guidance was to really remind investors that even though our average growth over last 10 years has been about 3.5% on the top line, we really only need low single-digit growth to make the mid-single-digit operating profit algorithm work, and then we generated a lot of extra cash that enables us to buy back shares and get to the high-single-digit EPS and pay a good dividend, which can even get us to double-digit tiers, all else being equal. So that low single digit is obviously is our goal internally. It's important to have those realistic goals. We will aspire to do better, but we believe we can absolutely achieve the low single-digit growth over time.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And I know one question but just to quickly follow-up on the reinvestment sort of initiative within Project K. Clearly, you're rebuilding this year. But if the top line recovery doesn't materialize the way you expect, would you be willing to change the way you think about that balance between reinvestment and bottom line going forward?
John A. Bryant: Matthew, again, we don't need to get a lot of top line growth, but we do need to get top line growth to make the economics of the business work. It's very hard to save your way to prosperity. I think ultimately, we have to grow our way there. We don't need a lot of growth, but just even low single-digit growth makes a lot of difference to how our economics work. And that's why we're absolutely focused on investing the money back into the business to ensure we get sustainable, long-term, low single-digit top line growth.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research LLC: John, I just wanted to ask a kind of big picture question. I wonder if, if anything that -- how close is Project K getting to either the innovation process or the service and delivery process where maybe it affects the mindset of Kellogg in such a way that there's a, maybe, a trade-off on growth? I mean, maybe it focuses certain segments of the organization on saving versus growth? I know for a long time Kellogg has great history of reinvesting cost savings and that people understand that savings leads to more investment. Where, now it seems like you're more dependent on that or that savings has become a bigger feature of the earnings growth. Let's look at it that way and of the amount of investable dollars generated, does this emphasis in cost savings, is that part of the reason we're seeing your deceleration and such tough growth across the businesses?
John A. Bryant: Jon, I think Project K is instrumental in helping us return to growth. There are parts in an organization that have to be absolutely focused on productivity and efficiency. So we have our supply chain, we have our global business services organization, they are designed to ensure that we are being as efficient and effective as possible. We have other parts of our organization, sales and marketing, where we still want them to be efficient obviously, but it's much more about driving the top line. And in fact, if you look at what we've done with the Project K savings in 2015, we've invested it back into the capabilities that, over time, will enable us to grow our top line. So we've invested back into our global category teams. We've invested back into rebuilding the Kashi team. We've invested back into our sales force in snacks and the Morning Foods in the U.S. Those investments do not provide an immediate return. Those investments provide returns over time because you have to invest in the people, then they start to generate the ideas. They start to bring these ideas to market. So these are not short-term payback reinvestments. But I can assure you that we have the conversation internally. We have our organization focused on returning to long-term growth. We have some parts of our organization absolutely focused on being more effective and efficient. It's about doing both well.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John, I think if I heard you right, you mentioned the cost structure performance. I think you termed it as mixed. I think with good work in Europe, Australia, but I guess more work needs to be done in the U.S. I think just given that's such a strong piece of what's driving obviously the reinvestment this year, I guess what -- if you could just get a little bit more detail on what were the issues in the U.S. and I guess where maybe some of those future opportunities lie?
John A. Bryant: So Andrew, we are committed to -- I'm sure we have a very cost competitive manufacturing network around the world. We've made some strong progress in markets like Australia and the U.K. where we worked with our unions to ensure we have a more competitive labor situation and we've closed in excess capacity. In the U.S., we've closed in excess capacity. We're still working with our unions to ensure that we have a cost competitive position as well.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. So it's more timing in the process, more than...
John A. Bryant: It's more where we are in the process. I mean, we are absolutely committed in the U.S. to having a competitive cost structure. We're not quite there yet. There's a couple of different parts we can go down to get there. But we're committed to working with our employees to try to get there.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Sloane with Societe Generale.
Alex Sloane - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Just a question. Obviously, you've talked a lot through the presentation about 2015 being a year that you're building a platform for growth in the years to come. Are you still confident that you can do that with your current category mix or given the continued weakness in 2014, might you consider using your balance sheet in cash flow to perhaps build positions in adjacent categories, where growth prospects might be better and you might be able to leverage the Kellogg's master brand?
John A. Bryant: We are focused on returning our business to growth over time. Our soup business has been weak largely in 4 developed markets. One of those markets, Canada, is always [ph] seeing significantly better trends and the category has been more flat here recently. The U.S. is starting early days here in 2015, but seeing some better trends in the early part of '15. And I think we still have some challenges in markets like the U.K. and Australia. So we are seeing improvement from where we were. And we have confidence that we can get these businesses back to growth, not high growth, but back to modest -- at the low end of a low single-digit range type growth. In terms of acquisitions, you've seen us do the acquisition in Egypt of BiscoMisr to relatively modest sized business, less than $100 million of sales. But it's the leading biscuit business in Egypt and is a great example of the intersection of emerging markets and snacks in an area where we're very interested in continuing to build that business over time. But I wouldn't say we're looking at transformational type acquisitions in terms of really major, major category evolution type acquisitions that fundamentally changes the shape of the company. However, we continue to be very focused in growing our breakfast business and growing our snacks business around the world.
Operator: The next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: John, you talked about the consumer move away from weight management. Is this being replaced in your view by a search for simple high-quality ingredients and perhaps satiety? And building on that is, is the key to the future of the domestic business in particular, and in particular, your premium cereal brands like Special K and Kashi? Then renovation side, you mentioned that you're doing renovations. Are they, perhaps, working in ways that we can't see yet? And what gives you confidence that it will work?
John A. Bryant: Thank you. I think that Special K, there's 2 issues there. One is how we've been talking about the brand and the second is the delivery of some of the foods. So in terms of how we've been talking about the brand, we got ourselves into a 2-week challenge, starting to get close to dieting the -- basically asking people to deprive themselves where they have less calories. And really, people want to have weight wellness. They want to be eating great food because it's good for them. And we actually have foods that deliver upon that promise. And those foods will continue to be in the market and unchanged. And we have other foods that we've renovated to be more in line with what consumers are looking for. So for example, we have renovated the Special K bar line here in early 2015 and we're seeing some initial good results. So what gives me some confidence that we can move the food to be more on trend? One would be our experience in Australia, where we launched the Special K Nourish cereal in 2014, that actually now has the Special K business back to growth in Australia, although Special K is a smaller brand for us in that market than it is in many other markets. So we've demonstrated that changing the foods -- so to your point, it's simpler food, it's clearly less refined, if you like. And that's what I think consumers are looking for as well as satiating, so it can be a bit more of a complicated eat and maybe some protein in there as well. And we have an opportunity to both change the communication in Special K. So it's more about weight wellness as well as changing the foods that's more aligned with consumer trends. Early days in the U.S., but even here at the very beginning of 2015 we're seeing meaningfully better results from the Special K wholesome snacks bars and Special K Cracker Chips and even from some of our cereal programs.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is kind of a follow-up to David's question. But -- you talked about repositioning Special K. It's a really important brand for you globally. And I think consumers still think of it as a diet, kind of a weight management brand. And I look at the packaging that's still on the shelves and I see the big K. And all I can think about is can't pinch an inch and the 2-week challenges. It just -- it doesn't seem on shelf to be very different from how it's been in the past. And I guess secondly, what kind of feedback do you have from consumers that they can look at the brand differently? To me, Special K means weight management.
John A. Bryant: Well, and Robert, I don't think we're trying to move Special K away from helping people look great and feel good about themselves and have a wonderful start to the day. That's very much where we are. I think we just -- in the spectrum of weight management moving from more dieting to weight wellness to -- rather than holding back on calories to having great food that really makes you feel good about yourself and it gets you off to a great start to the day. So I would say it's more of a sort of repositioning is the right word, relaunch of the brand perhaps with new food, new packaging and new communication. And I'm not sure what stores you've been in or when you're in the stores looking at the packaging, but we have changed a lot of the packaging, particularly on the snacks side here in early 2015. But this is not a radical shift of the brand. This is just improving the positioning of the brand so it's more on trend with what consumers are currently looking for.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I know you say it's early days, but do you have any feedback yet from consumers as to whether in the U.S. they are looking at it differently?
John A. Bryant: I hesitate because the programs have only been in there for the beginning of '15. We were down significantly in Special K last year, and Special K sales are flat here in the first 4-week period, but it's only a 4-week period. So I don't want to draw too much from that.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So I'll turn over to the U.K. market. It seems as though the issues over there are quite different from what we're seeing in the U.S. with the hard discounts [indiscernible] are really shaking things up with the regular grocery stores. Can you talk a little bit about how that's shaping up and whether it's reasonable to expect improvement in sales, particularly in cereals, but also in snacks over in the U.K. at present?
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Alexia. Hard discounts are certainly putting the U.K. retail trade environment under significant pressure. We've seen some of those U.K. retailers react to hard discounts with significant price rollbacks. And we'll see how that plays out. I think it's too early to conclude how that's going to impact the market. We are struggling a little bit in that environment and we have pragmatic expectations for the U.K. business, given the environment the U.K. is going through. Having said that, we continue to see good growth from Pringles in the U.K. business. And we have an opportunity, I think, to do better in our cereal and our cereal snacks business. So we are looking to see improvements in the trends in the U.K. But I think it remains a difficult market for us, given, as you say, that unusual retailer backdrop.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Simon, a couple of questions. So with the change in the long-term target on the top line, John, which I think is reasonable, could you also kind of frame that like cereal versus snacks globally? Because you've underperformed in snacks and that's kind of been maybe more of the unexpected drag as opposed to cereal, which is kind of more of a, call it a developing market category issue?
John A. Bryant: So I think, Eric, in general, we would expect, in developed markets, for our snacks business to grow faster than our cereal business. I think in developing and emerging markets, they can both grow at very similar sorts of rates. I would also agree with you that very disappointing result in 2014 was in our U.S. Snacks business. I think if you get beyond U.S. Snacks and you look at snacks also around the world, we've actually seen very strong growth in our international snacks business. So I think our weakness in snacks is more focused in the U.S. and quite frankly, in the U.S., where that weakness occurs more around the Special K brand, in Special K Cracker Chips and in Special K bars and wholesome snacks.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then kind of somewhat related, but I'll admit that Canada haven't been tracking as much. It sounded like that actually ended the year pretty solidly for you. Did -- was that -- was that in any case, in any way, like an R&D on Special K and recovery in cereal? Like, is there something that you've learned about the positioning of the product there that's kind of helping that business? And how long did it take to kind of -- if that's true, how long did it take to recover there?
John A. Bryant: Eric, we have a very strong team, very strong business up in Canada. When we did the parent brand activity earlier in 2014, the cereal and milk program, we got tremendous response from Canadian retailers and from Canadian milk providers. And that program really made a meaningful difference in Canada, whereas it did not have the impact we were hoping it to have in markets like the U.S. Since then the Canadian business has been performing better, sort of more low single digits in the first part of the year, it's been more flat in the back part of the year from a cereal category perspective and our share has been relatively stable within that category. The Kashi brand is growing in Canada. So there's one difference between the 2 markets right there. But I think the experience in Canada does give us reinforced belief that we can return these businesses back to growth. Of course, Canada remains a very difficult market. It's got a difficult retail environment. So we're very pragmatic on expectations in that market, but it's good to see the consumer respond to the programs.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then Ron, I can't let you get off the hook without asking a little bit about currency in Venezuela. So I guess you're still getting like cash from the government and you're still at the 6 rate?
Ronald L. Dissinger: We are in this outlook, Eric. Remember, the valuation and translation of our sales and profits are based on facts and circumstances. We know and I'm sure you saw the government of Venezuela came out with a communication around exchange rates. The official rate remains, our business remains a priority business or priority industry. Remember, we produce locally and most of the inputs that go into our food is brought in locally as well. For those inputs to come from outside of the country, we are getting access to dollars at the official rate as well. We will obviously provide disclosures within our 10-K and have in our past 10-Qs in terms of the impact. If we were to move from the official rate to a SICAD 1, which, remember, is about VEF 12 to the U.S. dollar, our latest outlook is that, that could be approximately $0.18 of earnings per share impact. That includes both the onetime write-down of the net assets as well as a translational impact if, for example, that change were to occur here in the first quarter. I believe the SICAD 2 rate goes away, based on what the government recently communicated. I'm not sure where the secondary rate will go that they have communicated. It looks like it could be around VEF 120 to the U.S. dollar. If that were the case and if we were to value to that level, it would be about twice the impact of moving to SICAD 1.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This feels like it's a bit of a cathartic rebase for next year, but then we just get off the last question, where you're saying, "Well, we may have sort of $0.18, $0.30 incremental downside of Venezuela deval." Why wait? Why not, proactively, like so many other companies, just move your accounting there so we have this clean base and not a continued overhang?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Look, we're valuing the business according to the right accounting, based on our facts and circumstances, Jason. I can't comment on other companies' facts and circumstances and why they may have moved off of the official rate. But for us, as I said, we're still a priority industry, and we're getting access to dollars at that official rate. So we're valuing appropriately.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then to understand a bit more on the spend. I suppose we'll get more detail. I hope we get more detail on where you're putting all this money at CAGNY. But one thing you cited is incentive compensation. And it kind of surprises me, given that you've taken so many efforts to shrink your employee population over the last year. And obviously results are pretty disappointing. So can you understand -- can you help me understand what's changing to drive so much higher incentive compensation on a go forward?
John A. Bryant: Well, I think Jason, as you know, we have a pay-for-performance orientation. And unfortunately, our performance in 2014 was not what we had hoped it to be. And so we've paid out below the target rates in 2014. In 2015, those incentive compensations just go back to the target. This is an incentive compensation program for the entire company. We have literally thousands of people within this incentive compensation program. So it is just a reflection of really underperformance in 2014 and going back to target in '15.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two questions for me. First, on your sales growth guidance. What is the foreign exchange impact to the top line?
Ronald L. Dissinger: The foreign exchange impact is around 3 to 4 points, David, at the top line. And frankly, as you cascade down the profit and loss statement, it's very comparable at operating profit earnings per share as well.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then, kind of a bigger picture question here, guys. Project K, I think you said $90 million to $100 million of savings generated into 2015. This is the first kind of really big year of savings from Project K. Your productivity programs, again, I think you said in line with historics, kind of 3% to 4%. And against cost of goods sold, that's something like $300 million or more. So in total, you guys would be producing savings of north of $400 million, which is like $0.80 a share. I think the management comp number, 3% to 4%, that's like $0.15. I guess I want to understand that when I put these numbers together, it just feels like you should be in a much better environment from the internally generated savings than what your bottom line earnings are showing. So where's all the money going if the $0.80 saving is right, if management comps only $0.15, if sales are comparable year-on-year, how much is brand building, building up? And how much is SG&A in total going up, such that we're going to see a $0.20 decline in earnings year-on-year?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Well, David, maybe I'll walk you through the guidance, just to give you an understanding. So our guidance is realistic and it does reflect improving trends, including investments that are going back into our business around innovation, investments into our food as well and investments into our commercial programs, for example, into brand building. Of our sales, it is estimated to be approximately flat. I said we expected also slight net deflation in cost of goods sold, which should give us a slight improvement in gross margin. Keep in mind, we are seeing inflation within cost of goods sold. Our commodities, as I commented, are relatively neutral to down slightly. We are seeing increases in our factory costs and wages and in benefits and in higher logistics cost as well. Not so much around fuel. We can see that fuel is declining. This is more around carrier rates and the supply and demand impact on carriers. We also have a little bit of transactional FX exposure that sits in cost of goods sold as well. And then as I said, our operating profit is down 2% to 4%, but that includes a 3- to 4-point headwind associated with the incentive compensation. We are investing in brand building. We are also investing, as we've discussed before, in sales capability and other overhead to drive the growth of our business impact to sustainable growth.
Simon Burton: Okay, everybody, I think that's about all we have time for. We'll be around if you have follow-up questions during the rest of the day. And thanks for joining us.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon Burton - Executive Officer of Snacks business unit John A. Bryant - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer Alistair D. Hirst - Senior Vice President of Global Supply Chain
Analysts: David Hayes - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg's Company Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will turn the call over to Simon Burton, Vice President of Investor Relations for Kellogg Company. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference call.
Simon Burton: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for a review of our third quarter 2014 results. I'm joined by John Bryant, Chairman and CEO; Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer; and Alistair Hirst, Senior VP of Supply Chain. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront cost, investments and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of the presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, November 3. And the call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And now I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon. And thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today we announced third quarter earnings per share that were ahead of our expectations. In addition, our results for operating profit were greater than we had anticipated and sales was slightly below. As we mentioned at the back-to-school conference last month, we continue to face headwinds in developed markets and categories, although we saw a good sales growth in Latin America and Asia-Pacific in the quarter. Also, as we highlighted at the conference, we have some exciting ideas for innovation and brand building in 2015. As a result of our third quarter performance being mostly as we had expected, we are maintaining our guidance for the full year. Ron will provide more color regarding this later, but we continue to expect that for the full year, internal net sales will be down between 1% and 2%; underlying internal operating profit will be down between 1% and 3%; and currency-neutral comparable earnings per share will be between up 1% and down 1%. Also, as you can see highlighted on the slide, we continue to make progress on Project K, our 4-year efficiency and effectiveness program. In the third quarter, we opened our North American service center, as part of the global business services initiative. We also announced the closure of our snack plant in Columbus, Georgia and the reduction of production at our Manchester, U.K. plant. We are very pleased with the progress we have made so far, and Alistair will give more detail regarding the supply chain organization and Project K in a few minutes. Now let's turn to Slide 4 in a brief discussion to some of the things we're working on for 2015. We've spoken to you over the last year about some of the challenges that we faced in developed categories and regions, particularly with our weight management brands. We've also told you how we've begun to tailor our R&D efforts and support to better address consumer trends. Specifically, we've been working hard on Special K globally and on Kashi in the U.S. In the U.S., this includes innovation like Kashi GOLEAN Crunch!, which is non-GMO verified, Bear Naked Granola, Kashi Organic Promise sprouted grains and Raisin Chia Granola. And it also includes Special K gluten-free and Special K protein. In fact, in the U.S., we are completely redesigning Special K and are relaunching it is a healthy lifestyle brand across our categories. We're also relaunching the brand in other regions around the world. I'll talk more about this later. And we've got a lot more planned too, just some of which you can see on the slide. You'll also see some of the broader brand-building initiatives that we have planned for early in 2015 detailed on the chart. In the U.S. these plans include the Give A Child A Breakfast Program and the Kellogg's Open For Breakfast Program. Slide 5 shows specific detail regarding our Breakfast for Better Days program. We believe that eating breakfast leads to better days and better lives. As a result, we have focused our global philanthropic efforts on providing breakfast to those who need it most. As part of the program, we will donate 1 billion servings of cereal and snacks by the end of 2016 to children and families in need worldwide. To increase the impact of this program, we also engage in campaigns that provide support for breakfast programs when consumers purchase Kellogg's cereal. In 2015, we will run this program in 15 countries. Our company is built on a history of caring about these issues. And we know that consumers, particularly millennials, share these values. And now I'll turn it over to Ron, for a discussion of our financial performance.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning. Slide 6 shows the financial results for the third quarter. Internal sales declined by 1.7%, approximately equal to last quarter's performance and slightly below our expectations. As John mentioned, we saw good growth in both Latin America and Asia-Pacific, as sales in our U.S. Morning Foods and U.S. Snacks businesses were below expectations. Underlying internal operating profit decreased by 1.8%. This was better than our expectations. We managed our overhead investment lower and reduced incentive compensation to align the performance. While we increased brand building in our developed cereal businesses, overall brand building was slightly lower year-over-year but comparable as a percent to sales. Comparable earnings per share, which exclude integration costs, mark-to-market adjustments and Project K costs, were $0.94 per share in the quarter. This result included a negative $0.01 per share impact from a higher tax rate. Currency translation had no impact on earnings year-over-year.  Reported earnings per share for the quarter were $0.62, including $0.02 of Pringles integration costs, $0.19 of upfront cost related to Project K and an $0.11 impact from mark-to-market adjustments. Slide 7 shows the composition of the third quarter sales growth. Total internal sales declined by 1.7% and total price and mix improved by 0.2%. Both Latin America and Asia-Pacific posted gains. Volume decreased by 1.9% in the quarter. This decline was the result of the performance of our developed cereal businesses around the world and the performance of the U.S. Snacks business. We do continue to see good volume growth in our international snack businesses and in our cereal business in Asia. Finally, currency translation impacted reported sales growth by a negative 0.4% in the quarter, primarily as a result of the euro and the Canadian dollar. Slide 8 shows our underlying recorded gross profit and gross margin for the quarter. Our underlying gross margin decreased by 20 basis points in the quarter and was impacted by a fixed cost absorption due to the lower volume in our network. We also saw a bit more inflation in cost of goods sold related to distribution costs. Our savings from productivity were in line with expectations. We're essentially covered on commodities and packaging for the remainder of the year and we have taken some coverage on commodities and packaging for next year. We'll give you guidance for 2015 on the fourth quarter conference call, but material related inflation for next year currently looks to be relatively benign. Slide 9 shows the quarterly internal operating profit performance for each of the regions. North America's internal operating profit decreased by 9%. This is driven by our lower sales performance particularly in the cereals and snacks businesses. In addition capacity issues as a co-factor had an impact on the sales and profitability of our specialty business. Investment in brand building as a percent of sales was unchanged in North America in the third quarter, although we did increase our investment in cereal at a high single-digit basis. We expect improvements in operating profit performance in the fourth quarter in North America, although we continue to expect that operating profit will be down for the year. Internal operating profit in Europe increased by 4% in the quarter. This growth was primarily driven by lower input inflation as well as productivity savings and cost of goods sold. Internal operating profit grew by 20% in Latin America. Top line growth of more than 7% drove the result. In addition, the growth in operating profit included a double-digit increase in brand building in the period. And we saw an increase in internal operating cost of 5% in the Asia-Pacific region in the quarter. This is driven by solid top line growth and strong productivity in cost of goods sold. And the results also included an increase in investment and brand building. Slide 10 shows year-to-date cash flow through the third quarter. Cash flow from operations was $1.18 billion on track with our expectations for the year, and we still expect cash flow from operations, after capital spending, to be at the low end of our range between $1 billion and $1.1 billion. Cash flow through the third quarter was below last year's level, primarily due to the cash required for Project K. We continue to make good progress on our accounts payable initiative and expect it to improve annual cash flow by around $200 million this year. Capital spending was $355 million so far this year. And our expectation is that capital spending for the full year will be between 4% and 5% of sales, including investment for Pringles, Project K and a new plant in India. And finally, share repurchases through the third quarter were $690 million. And it's worth noting that we have returned approximately $1 billion to shareowners so far this year. We continue to expect that we'll reduce our average share count by approximately 1.5% over the full year. Now let's turn to Slide 11 in our guidance for 2014. As always, this guidance excludes items that affect comparability and please see our notes for details. It's important to know that our currency-neutral guidance remains consistent with our prior outlook. Currency was previously expected to provide a $0.03 benefit to earnings per share, and we now expect it to be neutral for the year. As John mentioned, we continue to expect that internal net sales will be down between 1% and 2% for the full year. Total cost of goods inflation is expected to be near the high end of our 3% to 4% range, but we still expect that productivity and savings from Project K will more than offset the inflation. This should lead to moderate net deflation for the year. And we now expect that underlying reported gross margins will be flat to down slightly for the full year, including higher distribution costs and lower volume through our manufacturing plants. We continue to expect that underlying internal operating profit will be in a range between down 1% and down 3%. And we continue to expect that currency-neutral comparable earnings will be in a range between down 1% and up 1% or $3.81 to $3.89 per share. We still expect that the 53rd week will add approximately $0.07 per share. And as I mentioned earlier, currency will now have no year-over-year impact. This should result in an earnings per share, including the 53rd week, of $3.88 to $3.96. The tax rate is expected to be approximately 29% and interest expense is now anticipated to be approximately $210 million. And as I mentioned earlier, we continue to anticipate that cash flow will be at the low end of the range between $1 billion and $1.1 billion. And we still expect capital spending to be between 4% and 5% of sales. The only change to the earnings per share walk on Slide 12 is the outlook for the impact of currencies. Note that this outlook still excludes any potential impact from the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar. Our estimates for integration cost have not changed and are still between $0.07 and $0.09 per share. Project K costs are expected to be in the range of $0.60 to $0.65 per share. And now, I'll turn it over to Alistair for some comments on supply chain and Project K, before John discusses the operating segments.
Alistair D. Hirst: Thank you, Ron, and good morning, everyone. Slide 14 details the vision we have for the supply chain organization and it's one that I showed you last year. We have a great supply chain team here at Kellogg and we are committed to delivering high-quality food while developing a supply-chain that creates the best value for the lowest cost. And we've made some significant changes to the organization over the last 3 years. I'll talk more about that in a minute, but some of the improvements we've made and the processes we've implemented, combined with the Project K initiative, have allowed us to continue to reach our goals and provide flexibility to the broader organization. In fact, we continuously strive to be a strong stable foundation from which the company can grow. Now let's turn to Slide 15 and a few details regarding the initiatives underway in the organization. First, we are aligning the network to better reflect the current state of the business and to anticipate future demands. A lot of work has been done. A lot of work is underway to build the supply chain of the future. We have also done a lot of work to better organize the structure of the supply chain. This has involved changes designed to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of both our processes and production. And finally, we have made a significant amount of progress implementing our global business services initiative. So let's take look at each in a little more detail. First, let's look at Slide 16 and some more detail regarding the alignment of the supply chain network. We are a year into Project K and we have announced a number of changes to the network. And we are on plan in all 4 regions. We are targeting having the right number of plants and the right amount of capacity within those plants in each of the businesses. As I said, we must create the supply chain of the future, one that anticipates the needs of the business in the years to come. In North America, we've announced consolidation in both our cereal and snack networks and we are executing the real occasional[ph] production according to plan. In Europe, we've announced the reduction of capacity at cereal plants in the U.K. and we've also successfully begun producing Pringles in Poland at our new snack facility in Kutno. We are particularly proud of our teams in Europe and Kutno for bringing this plant online in the vertical startup between the production of the first chip on June 13 and the completion of the first shippable case on June 28. And this plant has already produced well over 15 million cans of Pringles and is at 80% utilization. In Latin America, we've successfully completed a restructuring of the supply chain and have successfully executed a decoupling strategy between the Mexican and Guatemalan businesses. This means that we now ship both product to Guatemala, where it's packed to demand. In Asia-Pacific we've announced the construction of a Pringles plant in Malaysia and increasing capacity at a snacks plant in Thailand and construction of a cereal plant in India, each of which will supply product to the Asia-Pacific region. And again, all of this has been done to plan and on budget. As you can tell, with a lot of work underway, we're continuing to review the network for a few good opportunities. Slide 17 shows a few specifics regarding changes to the structure of the supply chain organization. We have standardized processes and streamlined the organization. First, we have invested a significant amount of resource in the development of both people and processes in what we call design to value. This is just what you'd imagine. It's coordination across insights, marketing, research and development and supply chain to take an idea and get the design of the food and packaging right and to give the consumer what they're willing to pay for. And as importantly, it's also about getting the economics of the design right at the same time. The second part of the process is what we call produce to design. Producing exactly what was envisioned in the development process is very important for the success of the food and also for the economics of the introduction. And it has a meaningful impact on the quality of the food we produce. So we've also invested a significant amount of time on improving this process. And we've done this while also reducing corporate supply chain overhead. Now let's turn to Slide 18 and the final piece of Project K and some of the additional changes we've made to the supply chain. We have made great progress in the implementation of the global business services initiative or GBS. This initiative will focus on 4 functions, with the first being the finance function. We have announced 2 regional hubs, 1 is in Michigan for North America and the other is in Bucharest for Europe. Our GBS is a three-tiered model, a smaller amount of the company's functional work will continue to be done in the business units and the remainder will be done at the global service center. The North America Center opened in the third quarter of this year and the European center will open next year. In addition, other parts of GBS are having a positive impact, too, although it's early in the process. In source-to-pay, we are focused on global analysis in the procurement function, which has made the process more efficient and effective. We've also been driving the efficiency of our demand planning activities, which is simply a means of improving our forecast accuracy, which will lead to lower inventory, less waste, lower logistics cost, better fill rate and increased efficiency. And it will also support our plans to drive sustainability, as I'll discuss in a minute. As our transportation group is working on increasing the efficiency of our network and we're seeing meaningful savings, which are helping us to mitigate the cost inflation that Ron just previously mentioned. And now as you'll to turn to Slide 19, you'll see the time line detailing areas of focus for the organization. In 2012, we focused on the fundamentals and saw a lot of success. In 2014, we are continuing to focus on the right to win. This includes the implementation of Kellogg Work Systems or KWS. KWS is a proven model that promotes employee engagement and drives increased efficiency, including lower rates of waste. And KWS, along with other initiatives, has helped us build a stable manufacturing network. This in turn has provided a base for increased productivity in the supply chain organization and in other areas of the business. I'll talk about some of the successes we've had in a minute. And finally, is the right to lead. Some of the activities that I have already mentioned will contribute to the creation of truly end-to-end supply chain solutions over the next couple of years. This important next step will be our focus in both 2015 and 2016. As I told you last year, we want to be dependable but agile, and we must drive profitable sales growth. And most importantly, we must do all of this while maintaining the safety of our food and our people. As I mentioned earlier, Slide 20 shows detail regarding some of the successes we've had as we've executed the right to win initiatives. We've seen good performance on safety rates over recent years, as the total recordable incident rate has remained low. Our history of driving cost savings through productivity has been very good with us meeting or exceeding our target of 3% to 4% annual savings in recent years. And on food safety, we've seen a measurable improvement. Obviously, each of these areas remains very important to us. They represent a continuous process. And we believe that the great work we've done over the past few years can continue and that our performance can actually improve even more. And finally, before we reach the summary, let's turn to Slide 21 on our commitments to sustainability. As you know, we view improvement in this area as a continuous journey and it is one to which we are strongly committed. We understand that our consumers are concerned about the environment, where their food comes from and how it is grown, as are we. Sustainability of being part of the company for more than 100 years, and we recently announced commitments for global sustainability that we plan to achieve by 2020. We are focusing our support in the livelihoods of the farmers, growers and suppliers that rely on us and on whom we depend. And in addition, we are building up on the environmental commitments we announced in 2008, as we work to further conserve natural resources, where we source and produce our foods. Of course, these are the right things to do for our suppliers, our employees, our customers and our consumers, but they're also the right thing to do for the health of the business and that help cost savings and increased productivity. So let's turn now to Slide 22 and my summary. The supply chain organization has come a long way in recent years. We have increased our performance when measured by a number of metrics. And most importantly, we've built a solid and dependable base, which can enable future growth and profitability. We have started to realign the network to provide a footprint that will serve the future Kellogg. We've invested in improving the whole supply chain from design to production. We've seen significant improvement already and expect more as we develop these initiatives over the next couple of years. And we're driving increased effectiveness and efficiency through the implementation of GBS. Project K, the evolution of the supply chain, the savings we get and the reinvestment are all a process. We're on a 4-year journey. It is going well so far. And we are optimistic regarding our ability to drive it further in the years to come. And we remain confident in our flexibility where developing will drive future profitable growth. And now I'd like to end by thanking all of the employees of the supply chain organization globally for all their hard work. The process isn't an easy one, but they are executing with excellence. And now I'll turn it back over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Alistair. Now let's turn to Slide 23 and some specifics regarding the Morning Foods business. As you can see, internal net sales declined by 4.7% in the quarter. We started our category building programs in the second quarter in the U.S. and the third quarter in the U.K. and Australia. In the U.S., it's fair to say that while we saw some improvement in our consumption trends in general, and in Q2 in particular, we saw less improvement than we have hoped. We are continuing our media investment in the fourth quarter. And as I mentioned earlier, we have more initiatives planned for early 2015 and more to come later in the year. Remember that this is an ongoing initiative. we've got some exciting ideas planned. We remain confident that the category will return to growth over time. Specifically in the third quarter, Special K and Kashi accounted for all of our declining category share. So on Special K, we are changing the positioning of the brand by focus on dieting to weight loss. This focus will stress the role that Special K can play in the healthy lifestyle. We are reinventing all aspects of the Special K brand in 2015. This will include innovation, packaging, advertising and consumer promotion. And each of these changes will highlight Special K's position as part of our weight loss program. We have new packaging and advertising that highlight the simplicity and goodness of the food. We have consumer promotions that will help people meet their goals, and we have innovation, including Special K protein and Special K food and treats that will directly appeal to consumer trends. And we'll also extend innovations beyond the traditional cereal category, with more hot cereals planned. Also, we launched the Special K goes beyond cereal and captures all the elements of the brand in the U.S., including Special K cracker chips and Special K bars. We also have plans for Kashi. This is a great brand in a category that's on trend and we need to lead more with both the Kashi and the Bear Naked brands. We are completing the renovation of the GOLEAN brand, to make it certified GMO free. We're converting the heart-to-heart brand to USDA organic, and we're targeting more progressive nutrition with innovation, such as sprouted grains, chia granola and others. On Bear Naked, we're experimenting with new blends of granola and we've also got some new Bear Naked bars. As you know, David Denholm and his team are just getting started on the transition of Kashi and Bare Naked and we know that making structural improvements is not a quick fix. However, we are making the right decisions and we think that these great brands will return to growth over time. And finally for Morning Foods. Consumption in our Pop-Tarts business declined in the quarter due to difficult comparisons, resulting from the introduction of Peanut Butter Pop-Tarts last year and the timing of introductions this year. We've got a new PB&J variety of planned introduction in November and believe that this business will return to growth. So we're making progress with our plans for the cereal business, and to driving category growth over the longer term. We're addressing the issues we face and the team is doing a lot of work on both innovation and brand building. As I mentioned earlier, we realized that there is no quick fix in this business, but we're confident that we'll start to see improvement, as we progress through next year. Now let's turn to Slide 24, and take a closer look at our cereal plans for 2015. The slide is similar to one that Paul Norman shared with you at the back-to-school conference, and highlights the actions we will take to drive improvement in the cereal category in developed markets. First of all, consumer trends are continually evolving and we have to better appeal to changing views on helpful moments. This means meeting the changing needs of consumers and more quickly addressing the trends that we saw. For example, you can see on the chart Kashi Organic sprouted grains and Kashi Raisin and chia granola. These new products, along with high-protein Special K and gluten-free Special K are our first step in the right direction. Next, we must continue to offer better convenience through the use of new packaging ideas, the development of new foods and entry into adjacencies like breakfast drinks. Next, as I mentioned earlier, we must engage on the consumers on the issues that they care most about as we're doing with our Breakfast for Better Days programs and our Open for Breakfast platform. And finally, we have to drive better impact through the path to purchase. This means having excellent sales fundamentals and great in-store execution. It also means adding fun back into the bars and driving bigger events and more in-store bid-up. These are our 4 main areas of focus as we head into next year. Let's turn to Slide 25 and our U.S. Snacks business. Internal net sales declined by 4.2% in the third quarter. It's important to note that this performance was driven by weakness in weight management products, as it was in the cereal business. In fact, Special K bars, Special K cracker chips and Right Bites' 100-calorie cookie packs accounted for essentially all of the quarterly sales decline posted in this segment. Again, 0.3 of a point of share in the cracker category in the quarter. The Cheez-It brand posted consumption growth of 2.9%, Town House posted growth of 4.9% and account posted growth of 6.5%, all significantly better than the category's performance. Cheez-It groups has gained more than a point of share since it was launched earlier this year and the original versions of both Town House and Club brands continue to post good results due to brand building support and good sales execution. We lost share in the cookie category in the quarter. Of those I mentioned, Chip Deluxe and Fudge Shoppe posted good growth in consumption headed by Chips Delights products co-branded with M&Ms and by Fudge Shoppe pantry packs. Our cookie business was, again, most affected by the consumption of Right Buys' 100-calorie packs, consumption declined at an accelerated rate and accounted for more than half of Kellogg's share loss in the quarter. We again saw the effect of reductions in the number of SKUs in the tail that we told you about last quarter, and we expect this impact will continue for the balance of this year and into early next year. Consumption in the wholesome snack category declined by almost 2% in the period and Kellogg lost share. Within that though, Nutri-Grain posted a slight gain in category share and Rice Krispies Treats posted a double-digit increase in consumption and gained 0.8 of a point of share. The strong performance of our Rice Krispies was aided by good cohort and of the launch of new Rice Krispies treat blast. Kellogg's overall share loss was driven by declines in the consumption of both Special K bars and FiberPlus bars. The issues with these brands are similar to ones we've seen in the cereal category. To address these issues, we have new products and activities planned for introduction in the fourth quarter and in 2015. For example, we are launching differentiated Special K bars and new Special K Cracker Chips and are completely relaunching the brand in early 2015. The Pringles business posted net sales growth of approximately 7% in the quarter with good results in non-measured channels. Growth was driven by the Pringles core care, grab and go and the new Tortilla Pringles. The productivity planned for both the fourth quarter and the first quarter of next year and optimistically going to future growth for this great brand in the U.S. and around the world. Obviously, we aren't unhappy with the performance of our snack business. Pringles, the cracker business and the core cookie business are performing well, although we've continued to see underperformance in some areas, and in the wholesome snack business, specifically. We are increasing investment in our snack business and are developing plans to drive improvement, as we get into 2015. Now let's turn to Slide 26 in the U.S. Specialty segment. Internal net sales decreased by 4.1% in the quarter. This was driven by capacity issues and then copackers, and then inventory dealer is a customer shifted from warehouse to direct delivery. It is important to note that these issues are now behind us, although they had a significant impact on results for the quarter. Excluding them, we saw net sales growth driven in part by good results in innovation. Elsewhere in the business, we saw a strong response to innovation in the K-12 school business in Foodservice as we've introduced wholegrain Rice Crispy Treats, new toaster pastries, new Cheez-It crackers and Eggo Pop Chips for the back-to-school period. We've done well in cereal and snacks and have gained share in the waffle, pancake and toasted pastry segment. In the convenience business, we achieved share growth in hot cereal, salty snack and cracker segments. Kellogg posted double-digit consumption growth in the salty snack category, as a rate more than twice that at the category[indiscernible]. And we again saw a decline in sales in custard segment as we exited some less profitable businesses. Overall results in the Specialty Channels business was disappointing in the third quarter, and with the result of the issues I mentioned. Our expectations our better results in the fourth quarter. Slide 27 shows the performance of the North America Other segment, which include the U.S. Frozen Foods and Canadian businesses. Overall, this segment posted an internal sales decline of 1.1% in the quarter. The Frozen Foods business posted a slight decline in internal net sales in the quarter, although volumes increased in a low single-digit rate. The net sales performance was a result of mix and costs associated with launch of new products. New Eggo Bites continue to do well in the quarter and we just began the launch of new Eggo handheld sandwiches in September. Obviously, it's still very early, but initial indications are that it's being well received. And we're also excited to be relaunching the Leggo My Eggo brand building program in the fourth quarter as well. Net sales also declined slightly in the Canadian business in the quarter, although we saw good results in the frozen food business and the snack business. In addition, the consumption of Pringles increased at double-digit rate in the latest quarterly data as the launch of Tortilla Pringles has also gone very well in Canada. In 2014 in Canada, where we executed our cereal and milk program, well[ph], we saw a good response. And we have a heightened focus on processing with both Special K cereal and handheld sandwiches planned for 2015. In addition, we've got new activity planned for All-Bran, Froot Loops and [indiscernible], and we've got other innovations scheduled for launch between Kashi cereal and snacks. Let's turn to Slide 28 in our European business. Net sales in the region declined by 0.6% in the third quarter. The snacks business performed well, largely due to good results from Pringles, which was offset by declines in the cereal business. The performance posted by individual countries was largely as expected, except for a shortfall in Germany, driven by changes to the commercial schedule. The most significant challenge in the region remains the performance of the Special K brand. As we mentioned earlier, we have initiatives intended to address this performance planned for 2015, including new communication, an upgrade to the food, improvement in packaging and better promotional activities. In the U.K., our cereal programs are showing early signs of success. The parent brand, origins program, and the back-to-school themes program, both achieved good retail support and execution. In addition, we are making progress in the rollout of breakfast stations, which includes cereal cups. Offsetting this growth was the continuing deflationary environment in the U.K. As a result, we are focused on improving both mix and the effectiveness of promotions. And finally, for the European business. The Pringles business posted mid-single digit net sales growth in the third quarter. This continued strong performance was driven by our focus on improving availability, visibility and awareness. Investment and brand building for Pringles increased in a double-digit rate. We saw good results from the summer speaker camp promotion, with outstanding execution of retail. Growth was broad-based across all markets. Slide 29 shows the performance of our Latin American business. We posted 7.3% net sales growth in the quarter. This was a result of growth in Venezuela, Mexico and [indiscernible] business. The cereal business in Latin America posted good results in the third quarter, where we saw some competitive price promotions in Mexico, which was better than chocolate and all family segments later in the period. We saw some share gains in Q2 in the Colombian and Venezuelan business. And in Mexico, we're implementing parent brand programs, supporting the relaunch of Choco Krispies and All-Bran and beginning a nutrition related initiative. The underlying momentum of the Pringles business continues, driven by strong commercial programs, innovation and great execution. And the wholesome snack business is driving share growth, despite the slowdown in category in Mexico and Puerto Rico. We expect to continue good sales growth in Latin America in the fourth quarter and we will again increase investment in brand building in the double-digit range. We have granola and Muesli launching in parts of the region in the fourth quarter. We have parent brand programs continuing as well, and we have a lot more activity scheduled to begin in the first quarter of 2015. Now let's turn to Slide 30 and our Asia-Pacific business. Asia-Pacific posted strong results in the third quarter. Net sales increased by 5%, both the Asian and Pringles businesses posted double-digit net sales growth in the quarter. Net sales in Australia declined in the quarter, although this represented a sequential improvement from the results posted in the first half of the year. Performance in the third quarter benefited from the timing of promotion, innovation and the Breakfast for Better Days current brand activity. Consumption in the cereal category in Australia, however, continued to be under pressure during the period. The sales decline in Australia was more than offset by the double-digit growth in the Asian and Pringles businesses. Net sales in India increased in the double-digit rate and the business appears to have rebounded from a macro economic-driven weakness we saw earlier in the year. In addition, the Japanese business also posted double-digit net sales growth, driven by a continued strong performance of granola. So we had a good quarter in the Asia Pacific region and we're optimistic we're growing the potential for this business, as we enter 2015. So finally, let's turn to Slide 31 and the summary. The third quarter's earnings per share and operating profit were ahead of our expectation and we're maintaining our guidance for the year. And we're also making the right calls in a difficult environment. We are seeing strong growth from our acquisitions of Pringles. We continue to execute Project K well. It will provide us with the tool we need for growth over the next few years. We have invested in the U.S. sales organization in both warehouse and networks. And we continue to invest in creating food that is on trend. And we will continue to invest in our great brands over time. We know that these are the right actions, although we also know that sustainable improvement will take time. These Kellogg employees are making a difference every day. They are driving the efficiencies, generating the ideas and executing the plans necessary for improvement in the years to come. So as always, I'd like to end by thanking them for all their hard work. And with that, I'll open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from David Hayes with Nomura.
David Hayes - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I should just keep to one question, as requested. So just on A&P spend. Obviously, you talked A&P at group level being slightly down year-on-year in the quarter. I was just wondering if you could be a little bit more specific about the extent of what is slightly down. And then, tying that into the Morning Foods category, I wonder if you can be more specific about the A&P profile in the quarter in that category. And I guess the reason I'm driving into that is because with the change of management with Paul coming across and then the Kashi management changes as well. I wonder whether there was a delay to some extent in the brand communication support and that you catch that up in the fourth quarter, which then leads to the question, does the fourth quarter see an uplift year-on-year on the A&P spend.
Ronald L. Dissinger: David, it's Ron. Yes, in terms of our A&P spend year-over-year, our brand building essentially was down in line with the decline in sales. So what I said in the prepared remarks was that as a percent to sales, our brand building was comparable year-over-year. So a little less than 2 points of decline. Now specifically in Morning Foods, we increased our A&P at a high single-digit rate. So we've invested behind the category building programs that we intended to invest behind in the quarter.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Are there any indications from your perspective that the heavy promotional environment we've seen across food is abating at all? I was at a Kroger store tour yesterday. I can't recall ever seeing so many yellow sale signs up at the same time. So I'm guessing not, but I'm just hoping to pick your brain a little bit on whether there's any light at the end of the tunnel here.
John A. Bryant: Ken, as I look at the categories that we operate in, we operate in categories that are always intensely competitive. I don't think we're seeing a big increase in the promotional activity within the categories in which we operate. However, I think there are a number of other categories in the food area that have been seeking more merchandising support. And that is providing more -- a broader competition for the same amount of real estate in store. And so, as a result, I think we are seeing a little less performance than we'd like to see from our merchandising activity in-store.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And as you talk to -- just a follow-up. As you talk to your customers about that -- and again, maybe it's not in your categories so it's harder to see. But is there any indication that it gets better from here or just more of the same as we go, given the struggles across center store?
John A. Bryant: I can't think everyone is growth of the U.S. and expect the pressure to continue to be there on merchandising. Our solution to that is to invest back into our sales organization and take more of our future into our own hands. We're doing that by investing back in our DSP organization this year, adding additional reps. And reintroducing the warehouse reps on the cereal side, which will probably have more impact in the '15 than in '14. But ultimately, we realize that we have the responsibility to create that entertainment in store, as well as working with our retail partners.
Operator: And the next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John, you've used the words this morning, no quick fix on the cereal side several times, and that's certainly consistent with your previous comments as well. And you're certainly not ready to go into detail on 2015 yet. But I guess on the spirit of your comments, it would seem like our expectation ought to be that the ramped up savings that start to come from Project K next year are likely needed for reinvestment rather than, let's say, a whole bunch of it dropping to the bottom line next year. Particularly given all the new items you have coming in '15, would you say that's more directionally a fair comment at this stage?
John A. Bryant: Andrew, just say, I'd rather not give 2015 guidance until we get to the fourth quarter conference call. If I sit back and look at our company, the key thing that we need to do is to return the company to top line growth. Our sales are down 1% to 2% this year on internal basis. Quite frankly, in the current environment, we only need sales growth of plus 1% to 2% to make our economic algorithm work. And so we are focused on doing that and Project K is a big enabler to enable us to invest back in the business, whether it be back into our sales organization in the U.S., back into improving our foods, so it's even more on trend. We're changing consumer views of health and wellness, and investing back in brand building, although recognizing that we have $1.5 billion of brand building already so we have quite a bit of fuel in the engine. So I appreciate the question, but I'll defer until the fourth quarter call to give more specific guidance on 2015.
Operator: And the next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess my major concern about the cereal category and I guess other carb snacks in the portfolio is consistent with what you've said, John, is that consumers attitudes towards carbs and the mix of carbs in their diet is changing against you. And it just seems like every dietitian, nutritionist and athlete is talking about reducing carbs. So I guess, I'm asking, is it unrealistic to assume that the cereal category and you have the resources to change those attitudes or at least educate people on balance between carbs and protein? There's nothing evil about carbs. But with all of these experts saying one thing, what can the cereal category do to kind of -- to change that?
John A. Bryant: Robert, I think if you step back and look at the food industry, there's a lot of fads and trends that go through the food industry at any point in time. Clearly, some of those items out there right now are not helpful to the cereal category, whether it be carbs or gluten-free or some of the other ones that are out there. What we need to do is to continue to provide foods that are more on trend with some of those beliefs, and also to communicate to people some of the great benefits that our foods have. Our foods are very simple, a corn flake is essentially corn being rolled and toasted and Rice Krispies just rice that's been puffed. Talk about the simplicity of the foods, talk about the healthy elements of the food, whether it be fiber or whole grain, et cetera. So I think we have an opportunity to talk about the benefits of the food more. Also the foods that have been more on why would some of those changing trends and continue to work to help consumers understand the benefits of the food. So I don't believe it's beyond our ability to improve on the current environment. I would say that I'd be cautious on the speed of that improvement, as we look out into 2015.
Operator: And the next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I got a question about just gross margins and gross profits. And I guess really 2 parts to it. One is, could you give us some sort of context around how much volume deleveraging right now is weighing down on gross profits and gross margins. Trying to just get a sense of what -- how that's affecting the base and as you improve volume growth, what type of leverage that are maybe on that. And then the second part is just looking out over the next few years as you get through the supply chain improvements that you're making. Is there a sense that gross margins can get back into kind of the low 40s levels, where they had been historically? Or is there something else that might impede that ability to get gross margins back up to closer to historical levels?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Brian, it's Ron. So in terms of our gross margin expectations, we've said when we launched Project K that the initiatives we would undertake in association with Project K could improve our gross margins by about 150 basis points over that 4-year period. And we still believe that obviously, there are a number of other things that could impact us over that 4-year period, including significant commodity deinflation, not suggesting that that's going to occur, but obviously, that's a factor. So we do have a goal, as you look at our sustainable growth model as well as to improve our gross margins over time so that we can invest back in brand building and innovation. In terms of the fixed cost absorption impact from deleveraging a bit on terms of volume, it's not significant in terms of impact to our full year gross margin. We have now said that our gross margin will be flat to down slightly. Previously it was flat to up slightly. Distribution costs are also a factor in there, though, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So just to be clear, there's nothing that's really changed since you announced -- initiated Project K that would sort of change your gross margin sort of goals longer-term?
Ronald L. Dissinger: That's correct.
Operator: And the next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Guys, I think you said that the 2014 inflation would be positive and it's in line with your initial expectations, but that the second half of '14 would be more favorable than the front half. And then, moving into 2015, Ron, I think you said in your script you used the word benign. I kind of take that as 0. Big picture are we finally kind of entering the tipping point, where cost savings are well ahead of the inflation? And how will you spend the net savings?
Ronald L. Dissinger: So David, our cost savings in 2014 are ahead of inflation for the full year. I said for the full year, we do expect slight net deflation. And as I've said all along this year, that net deflation is more pronounced, obviously, in the second half of the year. So we saw a little bit of net deflation in the third quarter, and a little bit of net deflation in the fourth quarter as well, and that's helping us to manage our guidance from an operating profit standpoint.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you make a comment on '15, given you're mentioning that this inflation was benign? So that's more favorable than what's been going on? I mean, it's -- and I mean, I don't want to read too much in this, but is that accurate?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Well, so from a material inflation standpoint, what I said was it's more benign. I think the thing to remember, David, is there are a number of other things that can impact our inflation or cost structure. That includes transportation and logistics cost. It includes factory costs as well. So I prefer to give you more robust guidance when we get down to the fourth quarter call. But for now, what we're seeing is a relatively benign commodity inflation.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: We're watching oil plummet. So I feel like that sounds like it should be a fun call in the fourth quarter. I'll leave it there and pass it on.
Operator: And the next question comes from David Palmer with RBC.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Your European segment margin, it's been pretty steady this year, around the 12% area. That's obviously a nice improvement year-over-year and perhaps fueled in part by still getting synergies out of Pringles. Where do you see that division margin going over time? Can you continue to drive margins meaningfully higher with similar revenue trends?
Ronald L. Dissinger: So we have had good performance in our European margin this year. Input costs are a factor there. We've seen lower input cost versus prior year and in addition, very strong productivity savings. Obviously, we have a goal to grow our Europe operating margins over time. We haven't cited specifically a goal at this point in time, but we do believe there's opportunity for improvement in those margins.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then just separately, one more. On Kashi, are you getting any positive responses on the specific SKUs where you're reformulating the product in -- from the consumer or the trade? Does it feel like there's a turn coming with that brand, either in velocity or shelf space?
John A. Bryant: As with Kashi, we are getting some positive responses from retailers about putting Kashi back in California, putting a dedicated team around it. And retailers are very excited to work with us to get that business back into growth. Having said that, we have seen some disruption losses through the year on Kashi. And unfortunately, that's going to continue to weigh upon that business, even as we go into 2015. I think it's going to take some time as we take that brand more broadly, GMO free, and we have some additional USDA organic SKUs coming in. But I don't think renovating the food alone is going to be enough. I think we're going to bring out some new innovation, bring out some new foods and truly get on the front edge, leading edge of pioneering nutrition. We have a new team that's tremendously excited to do that. A lot of energy around this. But unfortunately, it's going to take some time for us to see improved trends in the Kashi business.
Operator: And the next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sorry, but a couple of questions. I guess, first, Ron, your annual target this year implies an $0.08 range. Can you just talk a little bit about what would put you, for the fourth quarter, either at the high end or the low end of that?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Eric. I mean, obviously, our business is very sensitive to top line performance. So if there's anything that's going to drive towards the high end or the low end of that range, it's going to be top line performance.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then second question, maybe for John. The -- how much -- I think this is -- maybe it's the second quarter or third quarter in a row, where Pop-Tarts have been down materially. It's 80% share, it's got to be one of your most profitable businesses. Like how much of that is playing a role in kind of the morning or even North American profits being under pressure? And kind of what gives you the confidence that, that business, which I think by your -- as you've stated before, has been up for something like 40 years in a row? What should give us the confidence that, that can rebound?
John A. Bryant: Eric, as you say, Pop-Tarts is a great business. It's been a long-term growth. The last 2 quarters, we have been soft in Pop-Tarts, largely because in the prior-year period, we were very strong behind the peanut butter launch, as we got tremendous in-store display and execution. This year, our Pop-Tarts innovation is more later in the year. Sort of a peanut butter and jelly Pop-Tart coming out in the fourth quarter, which we expect to hear some good support behind as well. So it really had to do with comparisons. If you were to go back and compare it to the business 2 years ago, it's still doing reasonably well. So it's really a year-on-year comp issue.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, sorry, the last question. You've been very public through most of this year about the problems with Special K and Kashi. And obviously, you're about to, it sounds like, completely redo the brand. So is this kind of transition period here-- Like, does that explain the fact that, that business sounds like it's just been kind of as it currently stands, falling off a cliff and responsible for so much of the underperformance in the North America operation?
John A. Bryant: I think we're clearly struggling with Special K in the U.S. this year. But quite frankly, Special K in all of the large markets has been -- developed markets, has been struggling. What's happening there is, we have communicated Special K around dieting, lose weight over a 2-week period and we really need to move that to a weight wellness discussion, really away from reduced calories to the food itself has tremendous nutrient benefits. That requires us to change their communications, to focus on that, but also to make some food improvements, which is what we're doing in cereal, in Special K bars, in cracker chips. And until we get some of that new food out there, while the communication shift will help us, really the competition shift in combination with the food in combination with new consumer promotions and packaging, that whole relaunch element was required to get the excitement around the brand, to drive reappraisal, to bring people back into what is a tremendous franchise. I think the softness we're seeing in the third quarter is greater than we've seen year-to-date, But quite frankly, we've seen the softness through the first half of the year as well.
Operator: And the next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So John, I appreciate that you're a cereal company at your core, but you've assembled a pretty formidable snack business over the years. Cereal category's clearly soft across a number of your markets? And John you seem to suggest this is driven by a fad or trend that may just need to run its course. Meanwhile, snack's a growth year. So I see your slide on plans for 2015. It looks like around 90% of these initiatives you detail adhere to breakfast. And I hear you talking about curtailing brand building overall, but ramping at high single digits in Morning Foods. So my question is why are these the right investment priorities? I'm not suggesting you put cereal in outright harvest mode? But why isn't every incremental dollar going to your snack portfolio to turn that around and ride the wave that's in front of you now?
John A. Bryant: Jason, a great question. We have 45% cereal, 45% snacks today. And as we look at the 2015 plans, while the slide might suggest more of a focus on cereal, in reality we are investing back in both of our businesses and we have some brands that actually cross both businesses. So the investment in Special K and cereal actually also helps the snacks business as well. So as we look at the cereal business, look at 2015, we're going to continue to invest in the cereal business. But I wouldn't want you to believe that we are going to disproportionately invest back into the cereal business. We'll be investing back behind growth in Pringles. We're investing back behind the growth we're seeing in that cracker portfolio in the U.S. And so we have some great growth opportunity as we go forward here. So I'd say it's a balanced investment in growth across the portfolio.
Operator: And the next question comes from Diane Geissler from CLSA.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I wanted to ask about takeaway versus shipments. I appreciate it's been challenging in the grocery aisles with increased merchandising from categories that traditionally haven't received as much merchandising support from the retailers. So could you just talk about, particularly within North America, and in your key categories, what you're seeing shipments versus consumer take away?
John A. Bryant: Looking in the U.S. DST system is normally-- shipments in consumption tend to marry up pretty closely. So I wouldn't say there's anything to flag there. I think on Frozen Foods maybe a little bit of shipment ahead of consumption as we launch some new products. But we feel good about the programs we have there. And then on cereal, we ended the quarter with a little bit more inventory than last year but we expect to end the year with the same amount of inventory as we had last year.
Operator: And the next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about -- actually following on from Jason's question about where to allocate resources. Is there a broader question about portfolio shift here that is about maybe trying to acquire or increase your exposure to snacks, which is a growth category over time, both in the U.S. and globally? And maybe deemphasizing the cereal category really depends on how structurally challenged you believe the cereal category is? But how do you think about portfolio shift over the longer term?
John A. Bryant: Alexia, I think if you go back over the last decade or so, we've taken the company from being 70% cereal to 45% cereal, 45% snacks. That's been driven by both the Keebler acquisition, as well as the Pringles acquisition. And as you look at the growth strategy for the company going forward, we have 4 growth platforms. One is to continue to grow our breakfast business around cereal. The second is to continue with our snacks business. The third is to grow our Frozen Foods business here in North America. And the fourth one is to continue to expand our emerging market platform. As you think about our growth priorities going forward, clearly snacks is an important growth priority for us, and we'll continue to expand that over time. And that may intersect also that emerging market growth objective as well. So we'd expect us to continue to grow our snacks business. However, I wouldn't see this as an alternative. We have to grow cereal or snacks. I think it's an add strategy, we can do both. Clearly, it's not the right thing to do, to only invest disproportionally in one versus the other. We already spent a lot of money in brand building in cereal. In fact, the reason the company has a high percentage of sales in brand building is because the cereal category is one of the most brand building intensive categories in the food industry. So there's a lot of a brand building investment already behind cereal. And the key there is to sustain that investment that and to continue to improve the quality of ideas and execution, and bring those foods increasingly on trend with what consumers are looking for. On snacks, we have an opportunity to keep growing that business over time. I'm excited by our growth in snacks, particularly since Pringles acquisition, which has truly ignited the international snack growth opportunity that we have as a company.
Operator: And that question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: John, I wanted to touch on North America, and you reported a negative price mix there for the segment in Q3, and I think appreciatively negative. And just on your history that's pretty unusual. So just wondering if maybe you can elaborate on that in terms of, is there anything one-time in there or any sub-segment driving that impact? Or even if it's just -- we should consider that going forward as sustainable?
Ronald L. Dissinger: There's a little bit of business mix in there. So for example, wholesome snacks is down. That has an impact on our mix of performance. John also commented on within the North America Other segment, which includes Canada and Frozen Foods, some cost to launch new product and there was a little bit of channel mix in there as well. And then we also talked about the effectiveness or efficiency of trade investment John talked briefly about merchandising. So those are the items that are impacting us specifically in this quarter, John.
John A. Bryant: I think, over time, we would not like to see negative price mix in the North American segment.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So this is more of a temporary issue then?
John A. Bryant: I think it has more to do with the timing of some innovation launches in some of our products. And also, just as Ron said, some business mix. If you're looking at each individual business, you wouldn't necessarily get the same pattern as if you look at a consolidated segment.
Simon Burton: Okay, everyone, thanks for joining us today. We appreciate it. We'll be around the next couple of days for any follow-ups.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a nice day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon Burton - Executive Officer of Snacks business unit John A. Bryant - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Simon Burton, Vice President of Investor Relations for Kellogg Company. Mr. Burton, you may begin your call.
Simon Burton: Thanks, Laura, and good morning. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today for a review of our second quarter 2014 results. I'm joined here by John Bryant, Chairman and CEO; and Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer. The press release and slides to support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you're aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to our -- to the second slide of our presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, August 4. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today, we announced second quarter earnings per share that were broadly in line with our expectations. We saw growth in Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific and in Specialty Channels in the U.S., and Pringles continue to do well around the world. However, as you've heard from other companies recently, the sales environment continues to be very difficult in major developed markets, and this affected our performance in the second quarter as well. As a result, sales growth and operating profit were lower than we anticipated. However, earnings per share were broadly in line with expectations in a challenging environment. As Ron will discuss in more detail in a few minutes, as a result of the environment we've seen so far this year, we're lowering our guidance for 2014. We now expect that internal net sales will be down between 1% and 2%. Underlying internal operating profit will be down between 1% and 3%, and a currency-neutral comparable earnings per share will be between up 1% and down 1%. We are disappointed by our performance in 2014 and are committed to returning our business to long-term growth. We already invest a significant $1.5 billion a year in brand building, an industry-leading level as a percentage of sales. And as you know, we intend to increase our investment in revenue-driving activities, including brand building and sales execution as part of the Project K initiative. But before we talk about that in more detail, let me turn to Slide 4 and a brief overview of Project K and how we're funding the extra investment. Project K is our 4-year global efficiency and effectiveness program, and it continues to progress well. As you know, Project K is designed to ensure that we have the right capacity in the right locations to enable us to meet customer demand and market trends. As a result, we have made the difficult decision to close our London, Ontario cereal plants and are in consultation to take production out of that plant in Manchester, U.K. Despite these actions, we may still have more capacity than we need in our cereal network. In addition to the items we've discussed with you previously, we recently announced that we have plans to reduce excess capacity in the snacks business in the U.S. Also, as we highlighted last quarter, the move to global business services continues to go well. This is a three-tiered model, which will include local, regional and global services. We remain on track to open the first regional center, which will support North America in the third quarter of this year, and we've announced our intention to open a center in Europe. Let's turn to Slide 5 for a discussion of some of the actions we are taking with the savings generated by this program. We currently invest in advertising at industry-leading levels and have so for some years. Part of that is due to the categories in which we compete, as they are large, profitable and highly branded. So while we intend to continue to increase investment over the long term, at or above the rate of sales growth, we are also taking steps in the near term to increase the effectiveness and impact of the $1.5 billion we currently invest in brand building. First, we have a portfolio of strong brand equities, and we'll continue to nurture and enhance their relevance through the use of strong campaign ideas that differentiate and break through. For example, we're driving the relevance of the Kellogg's parent brand with consumers by communicating about our sustainability initiatives and philanthropic initiatives, such as Breakfast for Better Days. We know that consumers are looking for companies that share their values, and these campaigns demonstrate our commitment to the environment and the community. Second, in a fragmented media landscape, we are focused on following the consumer as their immediate consumption habits evolve. Today, we invest more than 20% of our media in digital properties, and we will continue to shift media to where and when the consumer engages for the greatest impact. Third, as many consumers seek personalized one-to-one communication, we will continue to expand our database of over 20 million consumers in the U.S. and reach out to them with personalized communications and offers on the brands of their choice. Finally, recognizing we are competing in a multicultural landscape, we are actively engaging the Hispanic audience. So we're focusing on new investment and on increasing the effectiveness of what we already spend. We see this as a meaningful opportunity. We will continue to evaluate all of our spending and generate great ideas that will drive profitable revenue growth. And I'll turn it over to Ron for a discussion of our financial results.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning. Slide 6 shows financial results for the second quarter. Internal sales declined by 1.5%, an improvement from the first quarter, but below our expectations. We had anticipated some improvement in developed cereal trends during the quarter, and our U.S. snacks business was softer than planned, but we did post good growth in other regions, including Latin America, Asia and Europe. Underlying internal operating profit decreased by 7.2%, which as John said, was below our expectations. This was due to our sales performance. It's also worth noting that our profit performance included a mid-single-digit increase in investment in brand building, the benefit of a lower overhead in SG&A and slightly higher inflation in cost of goods sold. Comparable earnings per share, which exclude integration cost, mark-to-market adjustments and Project K costs, were $1.02 per share in the quarter, broadly in line with our expectations. We benefited in the quarter from a lower tax rate, lower interest expense and by $0.02 per share from currencies. Reported earnings per share for the quarter were $0.82, including $0.02 of Pringles integration costs, $0.16 of upfront costs related to Project K and $0.02 impact from mark-to-market adjustments. Slide 7 shows the composition of the second quarter sales growth. Total internal sales declined by 1.5%, and total price and mix improved by 1%, with most regions contributing to the performance. Volume decreased by 2.5% in the quarter, mainly due to declines in developed cereal. As was the case last quarter, unit volume performance was better than tonnage. Finally, the impact of currency translation increased reported sales growth by 0.7% in the quarter, primarily as the result of movement in the British pound. Now let's turn to Slide 8, which shows our underlying reported gross profit and gross margin for the quarter. Our underlying gross margin decreased by 60 basis points in the second quarter. Our inflation is more skewed to earlier in the year. In addition, we saw some adverse impact from higher distribution costs and lower production volume due to our sales performance across the quarter. While we generated solid productivity savings in the quarter, we experienced some net inflation. And these factors led to the decline in gross margin that we saw in the quarter. We are currently covered on commodities and packaging at approximately 90%. So we have good visibility into the phasing and levels of cost for the year. Slide 9 shows the quarterly internal operating profit performance for each of the regions. North America's internal operating profit decreased by 9%. This was driven by lower-than-expected sales in cereal, increased transportation costs, and we also increased investment and brand building in the period. We expect improvement in the second half of the year in North America, although we expect operating profit to be down for the year. Internal operating profit in Europe increased by 5%. Sales and strong productivity savings and cost of goods sold and overhead led to net deflation in the quarter, so as partially offset by a mid-single-digit increase in brand building investment, including for our cereal category building messaging. Internal operating profit grew 6% in Latin America. We had good top line growth, which helped to offset inflation in cost of goods sold. Top line growth was driven in part by a lower impact in the food tax increase in Mexico earlier this year. And Asia Pacific posted a decrease in internal operating profit of 65% in the quarter. This was largely due to a double-digit increase in brand building investment across the region and our performance in South Africa. In South Africa, we conducted construction in our plant, and it took longer to bring production back online than we planned. This increased our cost of goods sold and impacted our ability to supply the market. It is important to note, however, that the plant is up and running again. Slide 10 shows year-to-date cash flow for the quarter. Cash flow from operations was $654 million. We continue to make progress on the payables initiative that we've discussed with you previously, and we still expect that this initiative would generate between $200 million and $300 million in cash this year. Also, we are investigating some other options that can improve working capital even further in the years to come. Year-to-date capital spending was $226 million, slightly lower than last year, but our expectations for full year capital spending remain unchanged between 4% and 5% of sales to support Project K's supply network initiatives, capacity expansion for Pringles and our new cereal plant in India. So year-to-date free cash flow after capital spending was $428 million. And finally, share repurchases in the first half of the year were $329 million, significantly more than the $124 million of options proceeds received. We now expect to reduce our average share count by approximately 1.5% over the course of the year towards the lower end of our previous outlook. Now let's turn to slide 11, which shows our revised guidance for 2014. As usual, our guidance excludes items that affect comparability, and please refer to our notes for the details on these items. As a result of a slower improvement in sales trends, we have revised our outlook for the year. We now expect that internal net sales will be lower by between 1% and 2% for the full year. This is primarily due to the softer sales performance we've seen in our developed cereal markets in the first half. We expect moderate material-related inflation for the year, and total cost of goods sold inflation is still expected to be in the 3% to 4% range we provided previously. Productivity and savings from Project K will be a little higher than we guided, leading to moderate net deflation for the year. We do still expect an improvement in underlying reported gross margin, but it may be up only slightly. We anticipate that underlying internal operating profit will be in a range between down 1% and down 3%, and we continue to expect the brand building to be at or above the rate of sales growth. This outlook excludes the impact of the 53rd week, which will add between 1.5 and 2 points to reported operating profit growth. Currency-neutral comparable earnings are expected be in a range between down 1% and up 1% or $3.81 to $3.89 per share. The 53rd week will add approximately $0.07 per share, and currency may add approximately $0.03 per share, resulting in an EPS including the 53rd week in currencies of $3.91 to $3.99. The tax rate is still expected to be between 29% and 30%, and interest expense is now anticipated to be between $210 million and $220 million. The EPS walk on slide 12 shows you the details of our guidance. Our outlook still excludes any potential impact from a devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar. If we were to recognize the devaluation to the SICAD 1 rate now, it could impact earnings by between $0.07 and $0.09 per share for 2014. The annualized impact would be between $0.09 and $0.11 per share due to the translation of profits at a lower rate for an entire year. And finally, on this slide, we continue to estimate that integration costs will be between $0.07 and $0.09 a share, and that Project K costs may be at the high end of the $0.60 to $0.65 per share range. Now let's turn to slide 13. We expect cash flow to be at the low end of the range between $1 billion and $1.1 billion due to our expectations for lower full year underlying internal operating profit. And as I said earlier, we still expect capital spending to be between 4% and 5% of sales. As you would expect, our revised outlook for the year has an impact on our expectations for second half sales and profit. While we anticipate that both internal sales and underlying internal operating profit will be down in the third quarter, and we expect comparable earnings per share to be down at a mid-single-digit rate, including continued investment in brand-building activities. Our sales trends are expected to improve as we progress into the fourth quarter, and we expect growth in underlying internal operating profit, including the benefit from the build of productivity savings, including Project K and the lower inflation I mentioned. And of course, we've also got the 53rd week affecting earnings per share as well. And now I'll turn it back over to John for more detail on the operating segments.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Now if you'll turn to Slide 14, you'll see more detail regarding Morning Foods. Internal net sales declined by 4.9% in the quarter. As you know, we started our category-building programs in the second quarter. This investment will continue across the balance of the year and into the future, with a focus on evening snacking beginning in the fourth quarter. And to be clear, this is not just an idea or 2. Rather, it is an ongoing initiative to deliver our consumer-focused message on both a category and individual brand level. And it won't surprise you to hear that we are putting the final touches on a campaign that we'll launch in early 2015 as well. As we drive this program, it is designed to build and grow the category and for Kellogg to capture that growth. We will do that by using our individual brands within the category-building campaigns. So as you think about the business, we have distinct challenges with some valid innovation, with Special K and with Kashi, and we have plans to each. While Mini-Wheats has posted declines in consumption so far this year, the original bite-size version has performed relatively well. The overall decline has been largely due to innovation that hasn't worked, such as Mini-Wheats Crunch, but we're working through that impact. As you can see on the slide, the broader category-building campaign includes the Mini-Wheats brand. And we've also got new advertising planned for later in the year, which focuses on out-of-breakfast consumption. So we're strengthening our brand-building program on Mini-Wheats, and are confident that this is a brand that will respond, that we return to growth over time. And we've also had an issue with some other failed innovation in Crunchy Nut and FiberPlus. In fact, the impact of these 2 brands accounts the 0.5 point per share decline in the quarter. While the category trends were not positive, we also faced some brand-specific issues. Special K continues to be impacted by the evolving consumer trends affecting weight management brands in general. As a result, we are actively repositioning the brand and emphasizing the presence of positive nutrition like protein, fiber, grains and other relevant nutritional benefits. We also have plans for renovation and innovation, as well as new communication plans to further drive this repositioning of the food. Finally, for Morning Foods, let's turn to Slide 15 in Kashi, which is one of the largest natural food businesses in the U.S. Kashi has not performed as well as we would have liked over the past few years. And while much of the recent decline is due to lower distribution, we need to address the brand's positioning and our ability to execute quickly enough in the evolving world of natural and organic foods. We haven't kept Kashi focused enough on progressive nutrition. And as a result, we have decided to make some dramatic changes. David Denholm, who ran Kashi very successfully in the 2000s, is returning to the company to become CEO of the Kashi Company, which also includes the Bare Naked and Stretch Island Fruit snack businesses. This will be a largely autonomous business within the Kellogg family. Kashi will be based in La Jolla, where it began, and will be focused on returning the brand to the leading edge of the natural and organic food world. This business requires an entrepreneurial approach, shorter developed periods and a more agile decision-making process. And David is the right person to lead this significant change, although we know it will take some time. So as we said before, we realize an improvement of the cereal business will take some time. However, we've just started to invest in all our developed businesses around the world, and we're making plans for additional activities. This is a multiyear program, and we're confident that we have the foods, the brands and the ideas to drive improvement in the future. Now let's look at the U.S. Snacks segment in Slide 16. Internal net sales declined by 2.7% in the quarter. The cracker business and Pringles both did well in the quarter, and we maintained share with the Keebler brand in the cookie category. However, we underperformed the category in wholesome snacks. The cracker business posted a gain in share in Q2 as the big 3 brands, Cheez-It, Club and Town House, all saw gains in consumption and growth in share. In combination, these 3 brands posted consumption growth of 7%, driven by core varieties and new products. Cheez-It Grooves, which we launched in the first quarter, continue to do well. And initial results for Town House Pretzel Thins, which were launched at the end of Q2, have been good. In addition, last year's new products, Cheez-it Zings and Town House Pita, both continue to do well in the second year, and we have more big ideas launching later this year. The Keebler cookie brand maintained share in the quarter. The Chips Deluxe line saw good growth as the new cookies co-branded with M&M's continue to do well. However, we posted lower consumption and shipments in our 100-calorie packs, and we actively reduced SKUs in this segment. We have some new products that recently launched, including Keebler S'mores and a new variety of our successful Simply Made cookies, which will have a positive impact on results. However, the effective reductions in the number of SKUs in the tail will continue for the balance of this year and into early next year. In the wholesome snack business, overall sales declined in the second quarter, although we had some success as a result of innovation in Rice Krispies Treats and Kashi, and these new Special K Protein bars gained incremental distribution. However, we saw weakness in the rest of the Special K brand as it faces headwinds from evolving consumer trends in weight management. We are working on new products and have more activity planned for the second half. However, we expect this segment to remain challenging for the balance of the year. The Pringles business posted both shipment and consumption growth in the quarter, with consumption lapping almost 7% comps in the 13-week period through the end of June. Pringles Tortillas continues to post very strong results, and we have new varieties planned for introduction. And we saw strong support for the brand, including increased display activity in Q2. Pringles is a great brand that has responded well to our initiatives, and we expect continued strong growth in the second half of this year and into the future. Although we gained share in crackers and Pringles, and the Keebler brand held share in cookies in the quarter, we were disappointed with the performance of our snacks business. We are working hard to address the weakness this year, particularly in the Special K brand. And the team is working on plans for longer term, including improved brand building, better innovation and continued good in-store execution. Now let's look at slide 17 in the U.S. Specialty segment. Internal net sales increased by 1.4% in the quarter. The Foodservice, Convenience and Vending businesses all posted growth. The Foodservice business benefited from increased sales in the school channel, as well as new cracker distribution. The Convenience business posted sales growth greater than overall channel growth due to strength in bars, crackers and Pringles. We ran successful Rice Krispies Treats activity and Pringles Tortillas, and on the go, single-serve Cheez-It also contributed. And in the vending channel, good performance by Rice Krispies Treats and sandwich crackers led to mid-single-digit net sales growth. There was also a decline in sales in the custom segment, where we exited some less profitable businesses. And finally, the broader Pringles business did very well across the segment. Slide 18 shows the sales performance of the North America Other segment, which includes the U.S. Frozen Foods and Canadian businesses. The segment posted an internal sales decline of 4.9% in the quarter. The Frozen Foods business posted a decrease in internal net sales in the quarter, primarily due to difficult comparisons. Last year's high single-digit growth was largely a result of introduction in Special K Flatbread sandwiches, which is one of the most successful launches in recent years in the frozen business. We saw growth in the quarter from new products, such as Eggo Bites, although consumption of the total Eggo brand was below expectations. To address this, we are continuing to focus on some great new products in the second half, coupled with strong marketing programs. Net sales also declined in the Canadian business, although we gained share in the cereal, snack bar and frozen breakfast categories. Pringles also gained share in Canada, driven in part by incremental display activity. In the second half, the Canadian business will benefit from significant new product activity, including the launch of Eggo Thick & Fluffy Waffles, Rice Krispies Shapes cereal and Pringles Tortillas. As we told you earlier, the business has been seeing good early engagement and customer execution on the cereal and milk category-building activity. Now let's turn to slide 19 in our European business. Internal net sales in the European business increased by 0.7% in the quarter, driven primarily by strong growth from the snack business. We saw good underlying growth in emerging markets in Europe, and the Pringles business posted increased consumption and share across much of the region. In fact, Pringles posted a double-digit increase in net sales, and Pringles net sales have also increased at a double-digit rate in the year-to-date period. You can see on the slide that we had a summer soccer-themed promotional event tied to Pringles, which was very successful across the region. And we started to see some improvement in the cereal category in parts of Europe. In the second quarter, we selectively introduced Muesli on the continent, which is tied to broader brand-building activity. And we launched Special K Granola across the region, also supported by strong programs. Tying all this together is a brand-building campaign we call origins. This campaign helps consumers make the connection between our food and its origins and highlights the food's natural ingredients and simplicity. This is an exciting program that encompasses TV, digital and social media, in-store activity and public relations. And as you can imagine, we have plans for incremental activity and new product introductions across the region over the balance of the year. So the economic environment in Europe is difficult, and the large developed cereal markets are facing similar issues to those seen in the U.S. However, we are growing in parts of the region, and the snack businesses continue to do well. While we expect sales to be down for the full year in Europe, we will continue to execute our plans and remain confident that we are positioning the business for future growth. Slide 20 shows detail regarding the Latin American business. As you can see, we posted 6.9% net sales growth in the quarter. This was driven by strong price realization, innovation and brand-building activities. Net sales increased in Mexico, Venezuela and Mercosur, with the breakfast category doing well, driven by children's cereals. The strong innovation I referenced came from Zucaritas Power Balls, Special K Multigrain and Nutri-Grain Fruittella, and we had a very strong soccer theme promotion in Latin America as well that exceeded our expectations. We expect to continued good sales growth in Latin America across the remainder of the year and have lots of activity coming in the second half. In the third quarter, we have new Choco Krispies and All-Bran launching in Mexico and Central America, which will be supported with brand building. We have new packaging launching across a number of brands, and we'll be supporting these introductions as well. And we've got more to come in the fourth quarter. And finally, the region has whole-grain and multi-grain messaging and category-building activity planned for the second half. So hopefully, you can see that we've got a full plan of activity scheduled for the balance of the year in Latin America, which should give us good momentum. Now let's turn to slide 21 and the Asia Pacific business. Overall, the business posted internal revenue growth of 0.5%. In Asia, we saw mid-single-digit growth, as sales in Japan increased at a double-digit rate, driven by granola. And sales in both South Korea and India increased at a mid-single-digit rate. This was partially offset by the performance in South Africa, which Ron mentioned. Of note is the growth in India, which continue to improve after weakness earlier in the year, resulting from a broader economic slowdown. Pringles continued to perform very well in the region, with double-digit net sales growth in the quarter. We recently launched the brand in India, and we had successful soccer theme promotions that ran in Q2 as well. While the Australian business continued to see declines in the quarter, results were sequentially better. We launched All-Bran Muesli earlier in the year, with good results year-to-date. In addition, the team has good plans for the second half, including investment behind the core cereal brands, new in-store activity and category-building initiatives. And finally, for the Asia Pacific region, while it's not part of the region's reported results, we saw good sales results from the JV we have in China, continuing the performance we saw in the first quarter. In fact, on a pro forma basis, the JV in China would have added approximately 1 point to the region's net sales growth rate. So overall results in Asia were good and performance in Australia improved, and we have more plans in place for the second half of the year. So finally, let's turn to Slide 22 and the summary. We are pleased that the second quarter's earnings per share were in line with expectations. We continue to see weakness in net sales in developed markets, particularly in cereal, but we saw top line growth in each of the international regions. And Pringles performed very well globally. Project K, our 4-year efficiency and effectiveness program, continues to go well. And we've made great progress so far this year. The GBS initiative is on track, and we have announced further potential rationalization of capacity. And we began to implement incremental programs despite a dry revenue growth around the world. It's very early in what is a 4-year program. And we've got plans with some more exciting new ideas as well, and you'll hear more about these in the months to come. And finally, we are improving the effectiveness of the investment we already make, and this will only increase the opportunities that we believe are available to the company in the years ahead. The transformation that we have begun is a significant one, and it has already involved some difficult decisions. We know it would take time to see improvement, but I'm confident that our Kellogg employees will drive this change. And I'd like to end, as always, by thanking them for all of their hard work. I'd like to turn over now for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: All right. Let me just ask a question, if I could, John, about revenue growth. And obviously, you've taken down your expectations for the year, but I just want to get a better sense of how you see that progressing through the remainder of the year? I guess, what I'm getting to is that you have some investments coming up through the savings generated through Project K. I think you're starting to put some money back behind cereal business and other parts of the business. And I'm just curious, should we just expect sequential progress? And then more importantly, in U.S. cereal, can we see sequential progress in that business as well?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, Chris. This is Ron. In terms of our total company revenue expectation for the balance of the year, as we look at the third quarter, revenue is a little bit better, but pretty comparable to the second quarter. We do see an improving trend as we get into the fourth quarter. But as you know, we're down about 2% on a year-to-date basis in terms of our sales performance on an internal basis and our expectation is to be down 1% to 2% for the full year. So we're not banking on significant changes in our revenue position for the balance of the year, but there is slight improvement.
John A. Bryant: Chris, specifically to cereal, we do expect the category to improve slightly as we go through the back part of the year, and our performance to be more in line with the category. Clearly, we've been a bit off that pace in the front half of the year. A few things that we're doing to drive that, I mean, we do have the feet on the street going back into a U.S. cereals organization. Today, we have about 30% of those positions filled. Next month, we should be at about 50%. By October, we should be fully staffed. I think they will help us improve our performance. And we are really focused on improving and driving our cereal business as we go into 2015.
Operator: And our next question is from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: John, [indiscernible] -- speak maybe to the pipeline right now. It looks like the Q2 numbers were a bit better than Nielsen data would suggest. Are there any areas within cereal or snacks where maybe you can see a trade [indiscernible] to take away trail shipments?
John A. Bryant: As we look at our trade inventories across the business, we think they're in fairly reasonable shape. And remember our cookie, cracker, wholesome snacks business is DSD-delivered. So you don't have a lot of inventory in a DSD system. Our cereal inventories in the U.S. are broadly in line with where they are at this time of year. So we don't see any big inventory overhang at this time
Operator: And the next question is from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I guess, just following up on the cereal question, are there brands where you've decided to maybe channel less resource, manage the cash a bit more and others where you've really thought about channeling incremental investments? And can you give us any examples of that? And then at a broader level, we've seen Campbell Soup making a number of changes to its portfolio over the last few years. You've obviously made the Pringles acquisition, but are you now thinking that more profound changes may be required?
John A. Bryant: Alexia, let me take the cereal question first, and then I'll move to your portfolio question. On cereal, and we've talked about this before, I think there's really 2 issues going on here. One is there's a category relevance issue, and the second is there's some Kellogg-specific issues in some key brands. And if I think about where we are in the category, the category is down about 5%. The good news is the breakfast occasion is growing, but unfortunately, there are more alternative breakfast. And I think we need to change our communication to help people understand how cereal can better meet their needs at breakfast than some of those other alternatives. To do that, we're driving more investment behind things like our cereal and milk program in the U.S. and Canada, the origins program in Europe and a program in Australia we call brains and bones. That is about kid development. So as you look at those programs, we're trying different things around the world. So it's [indiscernible] what resonates best, and we'll quickly share those learnings around the world. So we have focused not just on our brands, but also how we compete more broadly at a macro-category level at the breakfast occasion. As you go within our brands, there are some parts where we are reducing investment, to your question, in particular FiberPlus and Crunchy Nut are brands that, quite frankly, have not worked out for us. And they're about half a share drag on our business in Q2 alone. We are still absolutely committed to investing and improving the performance of other key parts of the business that are not performing the way we'd like, such as Special K and Kashi. On Special K, we think this is a tremendous business with tremendous opportunity, however I think we need to change how we communicate the benefits of Special K as people's expectations of weight management changes around the world. So we're seeing softness, not just in Special K, but diet sodas, reduced calorie, Frozen Foods, et cetera. Weight management programs are also under pressure. So I think consumers are changing their views on weight management from reduced calories to nutritious foods. Now Special K can absolutely meet that criteria, it's a very nutrient-dense food form, but we haven't been communicating it that way. So we are increasing our communication more down that path as opposed to reduce calories. And then, I think, the decision to put Kashi back in La Jolla will enable us to speed up our development process, be much more nimble, agile. And that, I think, will help us drive that business as well. So I think you can see us investing back in key parts of our cereal business. On the portfolio question itself, I think we have made a wonderful acquisition in Pringles, and it has done a couple of things for us. It has more than doubled our international snacks business and tripled the size of the company in certain key emerging markets. And that growth platform, I think, we are only in early days in terms of realizing the potential. And we just have capacity coming on now in Europe and this time next year in Malaysia. So as we think about our business, we have growth strategies in areas of breakfast, which is primarily cereal, snacks, Frozen Foods in emerging markets. And we'll continue to look at M&A opportunities to expand those platforms, particularly, say, international snacks. But I would say that we are very focused on our current portfolio. We think our current portfolio is very strong, and the goal for us is to return the current portfolio to growth as opposed to fundamentally reshape the portfolio.
Operator: And the next question will come from Robert Moskow of Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just had a question about the management changes you've made in U.S. cereal. I understand that Paul Norman is now going to be running it. Was he intimately involved in the strategic decisions you made about how to change the marketing on cereals or is there a risk that you have to start over and rethink some of the decisions now that he's running it? And then secondly, I was looking at our Kantar data. It shows some pretty significant spending declines by Kellogg, Mills and Post. I know Kantar doesn't capture the whole thing, but it just makes it difficult to believe that there really was heavier weight by Kellogg in the cereal media kind of area. And I just wanted to know exactly how much media weight was thrown against cereal on the first half?
John A. Bryant: Let me take the first question on -- so I can't think of a better person than Paul Norman to be running the U.S. cereal business right now. Paul, as you know, stepped into the Chief Growth Officer role for us. Within that, he had the global breakfast team and global snacks team reporting to him, as well as R&D. He's been helping us create the long-term growth strategy for the company. Paul has tremendously deep experience in the cereal business globally and in the U.S. in particular. Paul ran the Morning Foods business for about 5 or so years back in the 2000s, quite frankly, over the period of greater success for the Kellogg Company in the U.S. Paul was running that business. He knows absolutely what is required to get the business back on track, and he's helping us work on an exciting restage of the cereal business in 2015. So as you think about this cereal business, we need to have all guns loaded going to 2015. We need category-building activity, brand-specific activity, large tent-pole events in-store, which enable us to execute in-store with excellence. Innovation or renovation is on trend for where consumers are heading, and put the feet back on the street in terms of improve the merchandising support behind the business. So I'm excited to have Paul have responsibility for that business. I think he will absolutely help us get this business back on track where we need it to be. On the question on Kantar cereal advertising, we have increased our advertising in cereal, particularly here in Q2. What I will highlight is, sometimes, it's hard to track where that advertising is going because of increasing spend in areas like digital and so on. I'm not sure how Kantar would even be able to track some of that spend. So I'm not sure of the methodology that Kantar is using, but I can assure you from a Kellogg perspective, we are absolutely spending more behind advertising in cereal in the U.S.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So Paul's ascension to the role, do you have to -- is he going to rethink any of the decisions that were made already or not?
John A. Bryant: I think Paul is improving the plans as we go through the back half of '14 and into '15.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just hoping to get your thoughts, John, on the promotional environment in food today. Walmart, talking a bit about backing off the sort of all promo, all-the-time philosophy in food, that hasn't really driven tonnage to the extent the company wanted. So I'm hoping eventually, right, vendors to Walmart like you will be able to ease off the deal pedal a bit. Is this a view you share? Or is it, given the environment, just a bit too early to get optimistic about what could be a more rational pricing environment later this year?
John A. Bryant: Okay. I can't talk about what the pricing environment might be later this year, but the way we think about the categories we operate in, they're all intensely-competitive categories. I'd say that they're all relatively rational. We are seeing some reduced promotion effectiveness for a couple of reasons. Some retailers are putting multiple manufacturers on the one display, which reduces the effectiveness of that display, quite frankly, not just for us, but for the retailer as well. We have to look at the quality of quality merchandising in some of our businesses we've seen, less front-of-store displays or back-of-store displays. So as we look at the business, we think we have an opportunity to improve our merchandising performance, and we're doing that by adding Kellogg sales reps back into the cereal business and investing back in our DSD business in snacks. Having said that, the primary way to drive this business is through brand building, innovation, renovation. And that's where we see the long-term growth opportunity, which is why when we talk about investing back in our business, investing back to improve the quality of our current merchandising programs and to improve the quality and amount of our brand-building investment to engage consumers more effectively.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, I'll focus a little bit on your input cost and inflation. I think a lot of people are staring at the grain price charts looking at corn falling below $4, and probably scratching their head as to why you're going to be facing 3%, 3.5%-type inflation. So can you talk a little bit about some of the components of what's driving inflation? And the next question that I'm sure people ask in looking at the chart is whether or not you were just hedged, and therefore, deferring the benefit into next year. Is that indeed the case?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Well, as I mentioned on the call earlier, Jason, we are covered at approximately 90% at this point in time. I think the thing you have to remember also is you're looking at the exchange-traded commodities, which are a small percentage of the total market basket of inputs that we buy, that go into our food by a number of things across commodities, packaging and energy as well. And we've said before, we've seen increases or inflation across packaging. We've seen increases in fruits and nuts, a number of things, energy as well. Now I did say that our inflation was much more front-end weighted. And as a result, we will see improvement in terms of our net inflation position or net deflation position as we move into the back end of the year. Our inflation will come down to much lower levels, and our savings will ramp up as we go through the balance of the year. And that's helping us from a profitability standpoint, particularly as we get into the fourth quarter. So some of what you are seeing within our performance also could be attributable to the positions that we took as we came into the year, and the fact that we are now 90% covered on our commodities.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And turning real quick to the expense side, can you quantify what brand building, just on the consumer side? Considering marketing and advertising was up in the quarter. And your comments on sort of in-line maybe a little bit better than the sales growth for the year. You're guiding to sales down. So does this imply that brand building may not actually grow this year?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, so in terms of our brand building, what I had said in the prepared remarks was that we were up at a mid-single-digit rate within the second quarter performance. On our brand building, as we said, we expect to invest at a rate that's equal to or greater than our sales performance. Now our sales have come down, so our brand building has come down a little bit. We've pulled some brand building out, where we weren't seeing the effectiveness of that investment impacting our business. Now what I would say, though, is we are still reinvesting the savings that we committed associated with Project K behind the cereal category relevance messaging, and also behind sales resources across our U.S. cereal and our U.S. Snacks business.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: First, just a follow-up on your previous comments on Special K, that weight management brand much like Yoplait or a Diet Coke or the trade-up foods of yesteryear, but all having a pretty hard time recently, as you said. Do you think that the nutrient-rich advertising angle you mentioned before will be enough to turn that brand and get it back to the -- on board with its core consumer, which I guess is high-income female? Or are you thinking perhaps other renovations in the brand and the ingredients are needed? And I have a second follow-up.
John A. Bryant: So David, I think the answer is both on Special K. So if you look at what's happening on weight management brands, to your point, whether it be diet soda, weight loss programs, various [indiscernible] primarily on being reduced calorie. That's really not sufficient anymore to engage with the weight management consumer. That consumer is now looking not just for lower calories, but for benefits of food. In some respects, to move from calorie deprivation to I want to eat great healthy food. And we do believe we have an opportunity to change our communications, that our current food actually does meet that need of the consumer. And we have the ability to innovate with new product launches that are even more on trend, and to renovate some of the food in some of the markets in which we operate in. So for example, our Special K business in wholesome snacks in the U.S., I think we have an opportunity to renovate that food and make it even more on trend from a weight management perspective.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And with regard to your investments in the feet on the street, and I guess, you're shifting at brand-building spending, is there any small signs that those -- that spending is working that you can see in what is an otherwise tough environment? And then how -- what is your timetable that you will be looking at where you say these investments are working or not working. Where you think about making changes?
John A. Bryant: We're watching these investments very closely to understand and track their impact and then learn and reapply rapidly. As I've said, we're doing different programs around the world. Here in North America, it was more cereal and milk-related from a category-building perspective. In Europe, it's origins. In Australia, it's brains and bones. And we will rapidly reapply based on what we see gets the biggest impact. Quite frankly, how well we execute these programs also is a key driver. So for example, in Canada in Q2, we had the cereal and milk program. It was actually very successful the retailers really got behind it, merchandised milk with cereal. And we actually stabilized our cereal business in Canada in Q2 and cereal sales were relatively flat. We gained almost a share point in the quarter. So we saw good outcome there. We had pockets of excellence in the execution in the U.S., but we were a little bit more patchy in it. Quite frankly, I think we have an opportunity to continue to drive that execution. And that's part of the reason why we're putting some of the reps back into the U.S. sales organization to help us with the in-store merchandising and help us with the execution of these programs. So if you think about how we track the performance of these programs, they're not programs that are necessarily designed to immediately turn the business. These are longer-term consumer brand building-type programs. They take time to measure and track. But clearly, we would have hoped to have seen a better response in cereal in Q2 than what we received. We did see a better response, in fact, in Canada. The back part of this year we'll have a better sense of how well these programs are working, and then we'll alter and reapply as we go into 2015.
Operator: And our next question will come from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just 2 quick things. One, I can't remember, John, was the original overall category building work in cereal, did it always include sort of individual brand messages as part of the category message or is that a change?
John A. Bryant: It is a bit more of a change, Andrew. We are increasing the focus on individual brands. There was some individual brand orientation in the original work, but I think we're seeing the ability to bring it to life in-store and through the whole 360 degrees is benefited by actually bringing specific brands into the programs themselves.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then second, you mentioned that even after some of the capacity actions that you've taken, that Kellogg may still have still some excess capacity in cereal. And I guess, I'm wondering from maybe some of your benchmarking work, if you think the industry sort of faces this, too, even though it seems like all the other big cereal players have taken some capacity reductions already as well?
John A. Bryant: Well certainly looking at our network, as I've said in the prepared remarks. We do believe we may have some excess cereal capacity. I think if you look at the performance of some of the other cereal manufacturers, I don't think we'll be surprised if they have some excess capacity as well. I think, though, they're in a better position to talk to their capacity position than I am.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So all these things, if there are other actions needed, I assume would all be part of kind of the current Project K that you've got underway? Is that fair?
John A. Bryant: We'll be looking at it in the context of Project K, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Research.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Ron, I just wanted to get a clarification on a comment you made. So in response to Jason, I think that you said that the first half inflation was positive and related to specific hedge positions, the company took, but that in the second half, this gets significantly better. First, do I understand you correctly? And then I've got a question for John.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, you do understand that correctly. So our inflation comes down significantly in the back half of the year, and our productivity ramps up as well. So we experience net deflation and more so in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And John, so just kind of going back to cereal, but I want to be specific. So you had such tremendous optimism on the last call about the very specific programs on Special K, Mini-Wheats and Kashi. Just given the fact that it just doesn't look like it took much hold here in the quarter, would you agree that there are fundamental macro headwinds with the consumer that are impacting this category? And until we see that low-end consumer get better, that this category is fundamentally challenged. And that even when you put in good programs, it's just hard to get people to buy it when they don't have the money. What's not correct about that statement?
John A. Bryant: I think if we go back to the last quarterly conference call, the guidance I gave on cereal is that we expected the category to be down for the year and for our performance to improve through the year to be more in line with the category. It's fair to say we're a little bit disappointed with our performance in cereal in Q2, but we still have confidence that we will improve the performance as we go through the year. I believe cereal is a long-term growth potential category. Now in a market like the U.S., it's probably low-single digits, but the company did grow cereal in the U.S, 3% to 4% on a dollar-sales perspective across most of the 2000s. And when we did that, we had tremendous brand-building programs. We had great innovation. We had excellent in-store execution. So I believe we have the ability to do that. I do believe the category is under some pressure right now from some of these breakfast alternatives. I believe we'll resolve that by both having outstanding brand-specific activity, but also by coming back and reminding consumers of how the benefits of this category is better than -- is stronger than a lot of the other alternatives at the breakfast occasion. So I do believe that ultimately, this is up to the manufacturers to improve our performance. I believe we have an opportunity as a company to definitely bring better, stronger programs to market. As we think about restaging our cereal business going to 2015, that's what we're working to do. So I'm not trying to suggest it's an immediate bounce back, David. I think this category will be under some pressure for some time, but I do believe it can return to growth.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: But it's just not, in your opinion, it's just not more of a macro issue with the consumer, it's a specific issue of Kellogg's ability to get the category moving and as well as the other manufacturers. Is that what you're saying?
John A. Bryant: I absolutely believe that we can and we'll return this category to growth, and the manufacturers are focused on doing that. And we are definitely focused on doing that.
Simon Burton: Laura, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay, that last question will come from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Ron, please give a bit about Venezuela? I guess, you're sticking at the 6 rate. Companies like Meade are at 11. I think there's some consumer packaged goods companies that have already gone to like north of 50. So what, I guess, triggers a change in that accounting treatment?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Well, first of all, I guess, let me talk about why we are valued, where we are valued at this point in time. And let me remind you, Venezuela's a relatively small part of the business in comparison to the total company. It's around 1% to 2% of our sales, and it's around 2% of our operating profit. We do manufacture the majority of our product within the country. Now we do pull some raw materials and packaging materials from outside of the country into the country to be able to do that manufacturing. But Eric, we've been able to get access to funds at the official rate when we have done that, we are also deemed a priority industry by the government. The valuation of the business is really based on facts and circumstances. And based on these facts and circumstances, we were able to value the business at the 6.3, the official rate. Now we're making sure that investors and analysts are clear within our disclosures, we're giving you the information on our net asset position, and then as well the earnings per share impact, and I communicated that earlier on the call. If we were to devalue the business today to that SICAD 1 rate, it would impact us by about $0.07 to $0.09 on an earnings per share basis. If we were to move to the SICAD 2 rate, it would be about double that, Eric.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So I guess, the key is that you continue to take the dollars out, and that's what, at least at this point, is probably a major factor in keeping the rate where you are?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Priority industry and able to get the dollars out, that is correct -- or dollars in, I should say, at the official rate.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, John, just last question, I guess, on Kashi. I think that the company had said previously that the sales for Kashi had peaked at about $0.5 billion? But it's been a number of quarters, if not years now, where it's been declining. Where -- what is the revenue now? And I guess, when do you think the switch to La Jolla into new -- or the return of the previous management to running that business, when do we think that, that can start to show results?
John A. Bryant: Eric, the business now is in the sort of low 400s in terms of size, and we believe it has tremendous growth potential from there. The -- David Denholm will be with the company here in the back half of the year, and we expect to have that team up and operating at the end of the year. So we're going to go through a process of moving the business back to La Jolla. The whole purpose of moving the business back to La Jolla is to increase the rate of speed, the agility, to be able to get on trends much faster and be more aligned with that community. So I expect it to have a faster impact than, say, turning around more of a mainstream business. However, it will take some time because it is still one of the largest natural foods businesses in the United States, in fact, in the world. So we'll need to innovate, renovate and get back on our front foot in that business. So I think we'll be doing that through '15 and '16. I'm not going to give a sales forecast for what I think's going to happen to one business, though, as we look out over the next -- over '15 or '16.
Simon Burton: Okay. Thanks, Laura. I think we're finished. If anybody has any more follow-up questions, please get a hold of us. We'll be around for the next couple of days.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Simon Burton - Executive Officer of Snacks business unit John A. Bryant - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Alex Sloane - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research David Hayes - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alexis Borden - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. Thank you. At this time, I will turn the call over to Simon Burton, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference.
Simon Burton: Thanks, Emily, and good morning, and thanks to everybody else for joining us today for a review of our first quarter 2014 results. I'm joined by John Bryant, President and CEO; and Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. And as you're aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, May 8. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased to announce first quarter results that were broadly in line with our expectations. Operating profit was in line with guidance and earnings per share were ahead of guidance. Our sales growth was lower than expected, primarily due to ongoing weakness in our large developed cereal businesses. However, we continue to see strong results from Pringles and we are building momentum in our U.S. Snacks business. Project K, our 4-year efficiency and effectiveness program continues to go well. You will have seen some of the announcements we made during the quarter and we are on track to hit our targets for the project in 2014. The execution by the team has been very good and we're pleased with the progress we've made so far. And we're reaffirming our guidance for the full year, while recognizing the impact of the difficult operating environment in some of our categories. As you'll remember, we were always expecting improved results in the second half of the year as we haven't begun the brand-building investment tied to Project K yet. In 2014, this will include investment in category building activities in developed markets around the world and also in additional in-store capabilities in our U.S. Snacks business. This investment will begin in the second quarter and will build over time, as will the benefits. Ron will give you some more color on our guidance in a few minutes. And now if you'll turn to Slide 4, we'll spend a couple of minutes discussing our progress on Project K. The project remains on track and we continue to execute well. Last quarter, we updated you on some of the announcements we've made so far. As you know, we've announced plans to close or reduce capacity at various facilities in developed markets. In addition, we've also announced increased supply chain capacity investment in a number of emerging markets. Since then, we've announced progress with the implementation of global business services. We've announced plans to implement a 3-tiered model, which will include local, regional and global services. As part of this, in the third quarter, we plan to open the first regional center, which will support North America. GBS is an important part of Project K and is a major undertaking for the organization. And Project K itself will drive significant changes. It will allow us to build key capabilities, create the supply chain we need to service our global business as it evolves and generate the savings necessary to improve results and drive future growth. Some of these decisions are very difficult ones to make but they are necessary to drive long-term growth. Now, I'll turn it over to Ron for a discussion of our financial results.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning. Slide 5 shows the first quarter's financial results. Internal sales declined by 2.4% in the quarter, although we saw improvement in March and this continued into April. The decline in sales was primarily driven by developed cereal markets and the elasticity impact of pricing related to the food tax in Mexico. On the positive side, we saw strong growth in Pringles in each region across the globe, improving trends in our U.S. Snacks business and solid growth across Asia. Underlying internal operating profit decreased by 5.5%, which was broadly in line with our expectations. The year-over-year decline was primarily driven by our sales performance and the timing of costs and savings within cost of goods sold across the year. It's worth noting that the first quarter's underlying operating margin was approximately equal to the level we expect for the full year. Comparable earnings per share, which exclude integration costs, mark-to-market adjustments and Project K costs were $1.01 per share in the first quarter, which was ahead of our expectations due to the timing of a below the line benefit of $0.03 per share. Without this, earnings per share would have been $0.98, at the high end of our guidance. Reported earnings per share for the quarter were $1.12, including $0.01 of Pringles integration costs, $0.10 of upfront cost relates to Project K and a $0.22 benefit from mark-to-market adjustments. Slide 6 shows the composition of the first quarter sales growth. As I mentioned, total internal sales declined by 2.4%. We saw a total price and mix improvements of 1.1 points in the quarter with North America, Europe and Latin America, all posting good growth. Volume decreased by 3.5% in the first quarter as declines in developed cereal and in Mexico were key contributors. Unit volume declined at a slower rate as a reduction in the weight of products impacted by volume by around 1 point. We expect improving trends in volume and continued positive price mix as we progress through the year, driven by strong commercial programs and investment in our categories. Finally, the impact of currency translation decreased reported sales growth by 0.7% in the quarter, primarily as a result of movement in the Canadian and Australian dollars. Now, let's look at Slide 7, which shows our underlying reported gross profit for the quarter. Our underlying gross margin increased by 10 basis points in the quarter with improvement in price mix more than covering a slight inflationary position in cost of goods. This was due to the timing of both costs and savings across the year. Our cost inflation is a little more front-end weighted and the productivity we expect to get this year from Project K is more back-end loaded. Our initiatives are on track and we have good visibility to our cost structure over the balance of the year. We are currently covered on commodities and packaging at around 80%, which is in line with previous levels of coverage at this time of the year. Slide 8 shows the quarterly internal operating profit performance for each of the regions. North America's internal operating profit decreased by 6%. Lower sales in cereal are a key contributor but the timing of cost and savings I mentioned earlier were a key factor in this region. We also saw some effect from weather in the quarter which impacted production and distribution. We expect improvement in the second half of the year in North America as sales and productivity improve and as we recognize some of the savings from Project K. Internal operating profit in Europe was flat in the first quarter as the impact of the decline in sales and slightly higher brand building was offset by cost of goods performance and some pricing impact. Internal operating profit grew 9% in Latin America. Pricing and productivity helped drive an increase in gross margin and the timing of investment in brand building also helped the business more than offset the lower sales posted in the quarter. Like many in the industry, we saw a volume impact from the tax increase in Mexico. And Asia Pacific posted a decrease in internal operating profit of 27% in the quarter. This was largely due to cereal sales declines in Australia and investments in India related to brand building and the new plant we are preparing to start up in 2014. Slide 9 shows cash flow for the quarter. Cash flow from operations was $268 million and this was in line with our plan. The accounts payable initiative, supplier financing, is also progressing according to plan. So our full year expectations for cash flow have not changed. Capital spending in the quarter was $97 million, comparable to prior year and we continue to expect that we will invest between 4% and 5% of sales for the full year. So free cash flow was $171 million, on track to meet our expectations for between $1 billion and $1.1 billion for the full year. And finally, share repurchases this quarter were $321 million, consistent with our plan to return cash to our shareowners and we still expect to reduce our average share count by between 1.5 and 2 points over the course of the year. Now let's turn to Slide 10, which shows our guidance for 2014. And as you can see, we are reaffirming the initial guidance we provided last quarter. We still expect that internal net sales will increase by approximately 1% for the full year. This excludes integration costs, currency translation and this year's 53rd week. While we saw softer sales performance in our developed cereal markets in the first quarter, we have stronger commercial plans and category-driving investment over the remainder of the year, with key programs starting in the second quarter. We expect our global business's internal sales to return to growth beginning in the second quarter. We continue to expect moderate material-related inflation and that total cost of goods inflation will be between 3% and 4%. Productivity and savings from Project K ramp up as we move through the year and should more than offset this inflation. And as a result, we continue to expect moderate net deflation for the year and still expect full year gross margin to increase by 40 to 50 basis points. We anticipate that underlying internal operating profit will be in a range from flat to up 2% and brand building should increase at a rate greater than sales growth. Of course, this excludes the 53rd week, which will add between 1.5 and 2 points to reported operating profit growth. Currency-neutral comparable earnings are expected to increase by between 1% and 3% or to $3.89 to $3.97 per share. The 53rd week will add approximately $0.08 per share, resulting in currency-neutral earnings per share including the 53rd week of $3.97 to $4.05, which we believe is in line with the latest consensus estimates on Bloomberg. The tax rate is still expected to be between 29% and 30% and interest expense is anticipated to be between $215 million and $225 million. Slide 11 is an earnings per share block and is the same one we showed you last quarter. Based on the latest spot rates, we continue to estimate the currency translation will not have an impact on our results. This excludes any potential impact from a devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar. And just to put it into perspective, Venezuela has traditionally been about 1% of total company sales and approximately 2% of total company operating profit on a full year basis. Our estimate for integration costs remains at $0.07 to $0.09 per share and Project K upfront costs are still expected to be between $0.60 and $0.65 per share. Now let's turn to Slide 12 and some final comments on guidance for the year. Cash flow is expected to be between $1 billion and $1.1 billion. And as I mentioned previously, capital spending will be between 4% and 5% of sales, so it is 1% higher than our normal long-term guidance due to the investments related to Project K. I'd also like to provide some color regarding the second quarter. We expect that we will return to top line growth, but we expect underlying internal operating profit to be down slightly as a result of a significant increase in our investment in brand building. We expect comparable currency-neutral earnings to be approximately in line with last year's results of $1.02 per share. And now, I'll turn it back over to John for more detail on the operatings.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Now, let's look at Slide 13 and some more detail regarding Morning Foods. Sales declined by 5.5% in the quarter, which was a disappointing start to the year. Obviously, we faced some challenges in the cereal category in the U.S. but we've also faced specific issues with Special K, Mini-Wheats and Kashi. However, where we focus activity, we've seen better results. The good growth I mentioned last quarter in Raisin Bran and Raisin Bran Crunch continued this quarter. Both brands posted high-single digit consumption growth as our health related messaging continued to appeal to consumers. So for 2014, we expect category consumption to continue to decline, but at a moderating rate. And while we expect our consumption to remain down over the remainder of the year, we do expect it to be more in line with category trends. We are very committed to the cereal category. Let me talk more about what we're planning to do. First, we've got more activity planned for the second quarter of this year, including the beginning of our category building programs. In fact, we're planning a high-single digit increase in investment in brand building in Q2, followed by continued growth in Q3. We will focus our investment on the Desire, Decide, Delight framework that we highlighted last quarter and at the CAGNY conference. The category relevancy work we have planned will highlight the nutritional benefits of cereal and milk and will also remind consumers that cereal is a healthy way to satisfy cravings for a late-night snack. Secondly, we've also got significant brand-specific activity planned, including a mix of support and innovation, particularly for the 3 brands I mentioned. We've got a new program for Special K called Simple 5 that highlights that consumers can lose up to 5 pounds in 2 weeks, which includes Special K products from across our portfolio. We've got more non-GMO verified Kashi products scheduled for innovation, print introduction and we're strengthening our brand-building program on Mini-Wheats, which will highlight the brand's nutritious and delicious positioning. This program will incorporate TV ads, print, digital and social media and of course, will be tied into the broader category relevance work. And also as part of Desire, Decide, Delight, we will be investing to improve our in-store execution. All of this is just a small part of each of these initiatives, but hopefully you can see that we've got a lot of activity planned. We've identified the problems, we're taking actions and most importantly, we believe that this activity will drive better category results and better performance of our brands. And finally, for Morning Foods, our Pop-Tarts brand posted growth again in the quarter and gained almost 1 point of share. We know improved performance in the cereal business will take some time and we're committed to these categories and are confident they will drive future growth. Now let's turn to Slide 14 and our U.S. Snacks segment. Internal net sales growth was 0.3%. As I mentioned, we've had good merchandising in the Snacks business in the first quarter. We are pleased with the overall results, especially the performance we saw later in the quarter. The cracker business posted consumption growth of 2.7% in Q1 and we gained over 1 point of share. Innovation drove the Cheez-It brand as the White Cheddar variety and Cheez-It Zings and Grooves all contributed. In addition, original Cheez-It posted mid-single digit gains in consumption in the quarter. The TownHouse brand also continued to do well as both the core, original variety and new TownHouse Pita posted growth in consumption. And we also posted sales growth in the cookie business as we saw improved execution and in-store activity. The Keebler brand in total posted low-single digit growth in consumption due primarily to growth in the Fudge Shoppe and Sandies brands. Consumption for the Chips Deluxe brand declined due to lower incremental activity, but we saw very good initial results from the recent launch of 2 varieties co-branded with M&Ms. And we didn't begin activity until late in the quarter. In the Wholesome Snacks business, Rice Krispies treats again gained share and Nutri-Grain gained share and posted increased consumption as a result of Nutri-Grain Crunch. However, these good results were more than offset by weakness in Special K and FiberPlus. We have recently launched innovation planned to address this, including 2 new Special K protein bars. With FiberPlus, we are repositioning the brand around meaningful consumer benefits in addition to fiber, including protein, calcium and Omega-3. So we weren't pleased with the results in the Wholesome Snacks business in the first quarter, but we expect performance to improve over time. The Pringles business posted high-single digit growth in consumption and internal net sales growth. The 3 versions of Tortilla Pringles that we launched late last year have done very well. The initial strong rates of trial appear to have led to good rates of repeat and we are pleased with the success of this innovation and we've only launched this idea in the U.S. so far. Pringles is a brand with a lot of potential, both in the U.S. and around the world and we have a strong calendar of events planned for execution this year. So the snacks business had a better first quarter. We've started to see improved results and the in-store activities that we've begun have been successful. The entire team is working hard across the portfolio. We've got good plans and we're happy with the initial reaction to the actions we've taken so far. As a result, we remain on track to deliver full year top and bottom line growth. Now let's look at Slide 15 in the U.S. Specialty segment. Internal net sales declined 1.7%, which was impacted by Foodservice trends, resulting from adverse weather in the quarter. As you've heard from other companies, this affected much of the industry, including sales to restaurants, businesses and schools due to closings. However, it does seem that industry trends improved toward the end of the quarter. We gained share in the Convenience channel in the health and wellness and cracker categories with Special K and Cheez-It driving the performance in crackers. And Pringles also did well again this quarter and was the fastest-growing brand in the salty snack segment of the Convenience channel over the 52-week period through the end of March. New Pringles Tortillas is getting good placement and the early sales rates are encouraging. Slide 16 shows detail regarding the North America Other segment. This segment, which includes the U.S. Frozen Foods and Canadian businesses posted an internal sales decline of 2.1% in the first quarter, although this was lapping a high-single digit comp from last year. Internal net sales in the Frozen Foods business decreased in the quarter. We were lapping strong double-digit growth in the first quarter of last year, primarily as a result of the introduction of Special K flatbread sandwiches late in 2012. The overall waffle category posted a slight decline in consumption in Q1, although our Kids segment did well as both Wafflers at new Eggo Bites contributed. In addition, we expect distribution gains over the balance of the year and full year growth. And like last quarter, we posted double-digit growth in the burger segment of our Morningstar Farms business. We posted low-single digit internal sales growth in Canada in the quarter. The snacks business were driven by Kashi and Nutri-Grain innovation, and Pop-Tarts also did well. Pringles achieved double-digit sales growth as a result of good activity, distribution gains and strong in-store execution. We gained a small amount of cereal share in the quarter, driven by good performance in the kid and all-family segments. Now let's turn to Slide 17 in our European business. Internal net sales in the European business declined by 1.7% in the quarter, lapping 3% growth last year. We continued to see lower rates of cereal consumption in developed markets in the quarter and we were lapping the impact of the launch of new products last year, including Special K Cracker Crisps and other snacks in various parts of the region. We saw good cereal volume growth in emerging markets, particularly in the Middle East and Turkey. We saw better performance later in the quarter in some developed markets, such as France, although the cereal business in most developed markets continued to be difficult. However, just like everyone in the Kellogg Company, we are absolutely committed to the cereal business in Europe and we have plans for a significant increase in investment over the course of the next few quarters. This will involve category-building initiatives that highlight the health benefits of good, simple, tasty and wholesome food. The Pringles business in Europe also posted double-digit sales growth in the quarter. And we've got strong activity planned for Pringles across the region as we are launching a broad-based soccer-themed event in Q2 and other programs later in the year. And also in snacks, you'll remember that we launched handheld breakfast products in various parts of the region last year, which continue to do well, posting double-digit growth in the first quarter. So the environment remains difficult in Europe. And as a result, we expect that full year sales growth will be approximately flat this year. However, we do have a lot of activity planned and we're making the right decisions now for growth in the future. Slide 18 shows the first quarter sales growth for the Latin American region. Internal net sales declined by 5.3%, lapping high-single-digit growth in the first quarter of last year. The food and drink tax that went into effect in Mexico at the start of the year had an impact on sales growth as we mentioned. However, results were in line with our expectations and the team has maintained a strong focus on innovation and in-store excellence. For example, we gained more than 2 points of share in the Mexican wholesome snacks business in the latest 12-week data, as a result of good consumption growth in various brands, including Special K and Nutri-Grain, driven by the success of Fruittella. So we expect that the impact from the tax will continue this year but that the elasticity that we saw in Q1 will decline progressively as consumers adjust to the new prices. Our Latin America business has moved to a regional category model for both cereal and snacks and this has facilitated increased investment in both brand building and innovation. We have plans to increase significantly our investment in brand building in the region over the next couple of quarters. The team has already begun some Kellogg parent brand category-building activity and we're seeing a good early response. Across the rest of the region, we gained share in many of our Wholesome Snack and Savory Snacks businesses and we saw good sales growth in Brazil in both cereal and snacks. The Pringles business continued to do very well, posting high-single digit sales growth in the quarter and we expect continued strong results from the brand as a result of new commercial plans and additional brand building, including soccer-related activity planned for the summer. So we do expect good sales growth from the region over the remainder of the year, although results will continue to be impacted by the situation in Mexico and the uncertainty that remains in Venezuela. Now let's turn to Slide 19 and detail on the Asia-Pacific business. This segment posted an internal sales decline of 1.4%. This was driven primarily by the Australian business as the Asian business posted high-single digit growth in the quarter. Specifically, we saw good growth in Japan, South Korea and Southeast Asia. The Japanese business was driven by the continued growth of granola and importantly, the Southeast Asian business benefited from a category building activity we started recently in the region. And the Pringles business in the region posted high-single digit growth as expansion into India and new listings expanded our footprint. In Australia, the cereal category saw mid-single digit declines in consumption in the period, although performance improved later in the quarter. We have category-building activity that will drive this business going into the market into Q2 and we have a significant increase in investment planned for both Q2 and Q3. Separately, the Chinese joint venture also posted strong results. So overall performance was good in the Asian business. Although results in Australia were lower-than-expected, we have plans in place to improve the relevancy of the category and specifically, the performance of Kellogg's brands. Let's turn to Slide 20 and the summary. We are pleased that results for the first quarter were largely as we expected. Sales weakness in developed categories in regions continued, but we saw good growth elsewhere and we saw signs of improvement in our U.S. Snacks business. As you know, late last year, we announced Project K, a 4-year efficiency and effectiveness program, the largest in the company's history. And I'm pleased to say that the project is going very well. We've made good progress on GBS and supply chain with strong execution. And we've also made great progress developing the ideas that will drive sales growth in the future. We're excited about the potential we have and you're going to hear much more about these initiatives in the months to come. We are on track for the year and have reaffirmed guidance. As I said last quarter, this is a journey and some of the decisions we've made have been difficult. However, Project K and the significant amount of investment we will make in the business over the next 4 years are the right things to do. They will improve our supply chain network, build key capabilities, cut costs and fuel the investment that will drive sales growth. None of this would be possible without our Kellogg employees and I'd like to end by thanking them for all their hard work and commitment. And now, let's open for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John, I know it's probably a bit early to have a real sense of success of the category building work that you're just starting to do. But I guess since you started talking about the master brand plan, try to go back and look maybe into some other food companies that have attempted something maybe sort of similar in the past. And I guess it is tough to find ones that have been particularly successful, though I'm sure I don't have a complete list by any means. So I guess my question is, maybe what is it that's different about this time for you guys, maybe because I'm sure your folks know, obviously, all the pitfalls that have plagued maybe, others that have tried a similar sort of process?
John A. Bryant: Andrew, I think the thing to keep in mind in what we're doing here with the Kellogg parent brand, is that we are providing additional investment to the portfolio. So the money coming in to support the parent brand is actually additional money that we've been spending on cereal. So all of the brand-specific programs are still in place. So if we were moving a tremendous amount of money from brand-specific activities to category level activities, I think that would be a risky move. This is more, as we invest back into the business, we're investing back in a way that we believe will have the greatest impact. When we look at what's happening in cereal today, there's really 2 elements if you look at our business. One is around category relevance, the category down around 4% to 5%, and then there's some Kellogg-specific issues that we have. As we look at that category relevance work, look what's happening within the occasion, the breakfast occasion is actually growing, household penetration is high for cereal, but the issue is that consumers are seeking protein and they're not taking into account that milk and cereal is a great source of protein because of the milk and often, some of the cereal, some of the grains also have a good amount of protein in them as well. So we really, with this parent brand, rather than moving money from the sub-brands up to the parent brand, we're activating it with new investment money, we're talking about the benefits of protein that comes from cereal and milk, which is very much on track with the customer today and it's also very much aligned with what the milk board is talking about as well. So I think there's an opportunity here for additional synergies as we look across all the activities that are happening in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: John, at least in measured channels, one of the bigger tailwinds to your cereal business had been positive changes in distribution points. That trend lately, again just in Nielsen, right, has turned into a headwind with TBT [ph] I guess, starting to trend down a little bit. So couple things. First, is that representative of what's actually happening out there or is there something in that data we should be aware of? And second, if it is representative, I'm just curious if you could help us understand what's underlying some of those trends?
John A. Bryant: And just on that, can you really focus in on cereal in your question?
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, thanks, John.
John A. Bryant: Okay. Well, if we look at the cereal, entire cereal aisle is not changing all that much in terms of size. I think within our business, we've got a couple businesses that have struggled a little bit of late and we have lost a little bit of distribution in. So the one business I guess I'd point to that has been impacted by that has been Kashi. Kashi remains an incredibly strong brand, it's actually one of the largest brands in the natural organic space. And what we're doing there is we're bringing out new food that's more in line with the progressive nutrition that people are looking for from brands like Kashi. And so you're seeing GMO-free type SKUs come into the market now, as well as longer term, some innovation to ensure that we are in the area of pioneering health. So as you look at our complete points of distribution across the cereal aisle, it's come down a little bit, not dramatically and we have an expectation that we can continue to grow our distribution over time.
Operator: Our next question is from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just had a question about Mexico. Can you talk a little bit about the -- how the -- not just the de-elasticities in the first quarter, but have you seen consumers switch from products that were taxed to products that weren't taxed? And I guess what I'm after is, I know in soft drinks it appeared as though there was some trade across out of some of the sugared or taxed beverages into things like water or other types of flavored beverages. So have you seen that type of switching in consumer behavior in Mexico? And then second, just I wanted to make clear or make sure I understood, in terms of pricing in Mexico, was your pricing -- did you take price increases above the -- in addition to the rate increase that -- or the tax increase that the consumers saw in the shelf?
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Bryan. If you look at our business in Mexico, most of our portfolio actually fell underneath the impact of that tax, so we didn't see a lot of switching within our portfolio and that's true also at a broad category level. We did see an impact from the tax, obviously, and that impact was exactly in line with what we expected. To your question, we also did take a price increase at the same time, so the impact only was slightly higher than just the tax in isolation. As we look at Latin America as a reporting segment, we do expect it to return to growth in the second quarter. We do expect seeing the elasticities moderate over time as consumers get used to that pricing impact. The other thing that is impacting our Latin American business a little bit in the first quarter is actually Venezuela. Venezuela sales are actually down in Q1. That's in part because we were unable to fully ship in P3, but we were able to ship in P4. And so we had some catch up shipments occur in P4. So there's a little bit of a Q1, Q2 shipped occurring there as well. We actually feel good about the Mexican business. We feel like it is tracking right where we expect it to, given the tax impact and the price increase. And in fact, in the marketplace, as I said in the prepared remarks, even gaining some share in the wholesome snacks area.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Will there be more brand building that goes into Mexico in the balance of the year, now that the price is on the shelf?
John A. Bryant: Yes, absolutely, Bryan. We, in the prepared remarks commented that there'd be additional brand building across Q2 and Q3 in Latin America and that will certainly also be the case in Mexico.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow of Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: John, I do remember you talking about kind of a tactical strategy for the master brand approach and talking about the benefits of milk and cereal together and the protein it provides at CAGNY. But I guess, one of the concerns I had was that consumers appear to be drinking less milk, as well as eating less cereal. And I wanted to know, in the testing that you've done, are you hearing any kind of consumer feedback about consumer demand for milk declining on health concerns? And then secondly, I think you also said that you might try to go up against Greek yogurt and do kind of comparisons there in the advertising, is that still part of the plan?
John A. Bryant: As we look at the category building programs, there's actually 3 or 4 different executions within that program. One of those executions is reminding consumers of the benefit of protein that comes with cereal and milk. And we believe that absolutely resonates with consumers. It's actually a surprise to consumers that when you look at the protein that's in, say, a bowl of Mini-Wheats and milk, that's there's as much protein there as in many yogurts. So that is a positive surprise to people, so an opportunity to reappraise and reconsider cereal and milk. That's not the only activation, though. As you pointed out, there is a little bit of a trend against milk out there and so we also activate programs with the soymilk suppliers and so on and other alternatively ways with which people consume cereal. And rather than think about cereal going up against yogurt, it's also worth remembering that cereal is actually a complement to yogurt and that a lot of people add cereal to their yogurt as well. But that's not the only execution of our parent brand or category of driving activity. We also have a cereal snacking program, recognizing that the incidence of snacking on cereal has increased significantly over the last decade, from 20% of all cereal consumed outside the breakfast occasion, nearly of 30% of all cereal outside the breakfast occasion. And historically, we've seen good success with those programs on brands like Special K in evening snacking. So we have those sorts of programs coming back into the market. And then there are other programs that remind people of the simplicity of the food; that this is food directly from the farm to the table, that a cornflake is virtually a corn grit that's being rolled and toasted. So it's not -- as you think about the category relevance work, it's not all just a milk and grain story, it's actually several different executions around the world that we will be able to work with through Q2, Q3, get responses from, adapt, adopt and quickly take up what's working and move it around the system.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Sloane of Societe Generale.
Alex Sloane - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: I was hoping to get some more color on the like-for-like sales decline in Asia. Appreciate Australia was the key factor there. Just wondering, is the weakness in Australia entirely a cereal issue or has Pringles also been held back? And with the actions you're taking in Australia, do you think you can get or do you think you can post positive internal net sales growth in Asia-Pacific for the full year? And I guess, while we're on Asia, it's around about 18 months since the announcement of your JV with Wilmar in China. So just wondering if you could give a very brief overview on how that JV is progressing relative to your expectations?
John A. Bryant: So within Asia-Pacific, we actually saw very good growth in Asia. As I said before in the prepared remarks, Japan, Southeast Asia, all these -- a number of these markets grew quite strongly in the first quarter. Unfortunately, it was held back by Australia in the first quarter. We're lapping last year in Australia where we launched the breakfast beverage business that had some big volume comparisons coming from that launch. As we look at the Australian cereal category, it has similar dynamics to what we've seen, say, in the U.S. and we have very significant investment going in the brand building behind the Australian cereal business in the second and third quarter, as well as large consumer promotion events in each of the next 3 quarters. So we do expect an improvement in the Australian cereal business. And while we don't normally give guidance at a segment level, we do expect Asia Pacific to have positive growth across the year. On Pringles specifically, actually, Pringles in Australia grew quite nicely and Pringles in the region also grew, despite some foreign exchange headwind as we take Pringles, say, from U.S. into Japan. And obviously, the cost of goods goes up as the exchange rate has moved. If there's one thing I would say about Asia-Pacific, it's we have seen a slowdown in India. That's probably the one area that's a little bit slower than we would have expected to see. Still growing, but not at the extremely high rates that we've seen over the last 2 or 3 years. But we feel good about the state of the Asia-Pacific business and the long-term potential. On China, that's a relatively small joint venture, early days. Having said that, we virtually doubled the business in the first quarter but it's not consolidated in our results. So there's no benefit from the China joint venture sales within the internal sales number that we report for Asia-Pacific.
Operator: Our next question is from David Hayes of Nomura.
David Hayes - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: My one question is just around the advertising expenditure and the phasing of that. I wonder if you can give us a little bit more color, at least directionally maybe, in terms of the expenditure levels in the potential sales in the first quarter versus year-on-year and sequentially. And then I think you mentioned obviously, this build up through the year. I just wonder whether you can give us some feeling as whether that's going to be very heavy in second and third quarter and falling away in the fourth or building up through the year? And then related to that investment, again, obviously you're talking about being ready for this category push in the second quarter, a lot of that is around, as we understand it, direct store and merchandising in-store. Can you talk about any activities, any investment that you've made in the first quarter to put more salespeople in place, et cetera, which are ready to go as we go into the second quarter?
John A. Bryant: I'll ask Ron to answer the advertising phasing question. I'll come back and talk about the feet on the street investment.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So in terms of the advertising, our total brand building phasing pressure across the year. First, we had good pressure in the first quarter, but our brand building was down slightly year-over-year. Our pressure is much stronger, particularly in the second quarter and the third quarter. So we're looking to be up, probably mid- to high-single digits in terms of our brand building pressure. And then as we said for the full year, we expect our brand building and advertising to grow at a rate faster than sales growth, but good pressure out there in the second quarter and the third quarter.
John A. Bryant: If we look at the investment back in the sales organization, it's really happened in 2 places in the U.S. The first one is in our DSD system. We've invested back in the DSD organization by increasing the number of reps and we've improved the technology available to those reps as well. So we're seeing a very good performance from our DSD sales organization. We'll start to see that come through in the first quarter. We're building momentum and through the 4 big businesses within snacks, we gained over 1share point in crackers, with growth from Cheez-It, Club, from basin [ph] innovation, Town House, the core cracker brands. We also saw very good growth in cookies towards the end of the quarter with the M&M cookies coming through. Now, all this is coming through in terms of improved execution in store. Our wholesome snacks is the one business that is not firing on all cylinders. Within that, we have a couple of brands that are doing well and a few that need some work, but we're seeing improved merchandising there over time as well. And of course, Pringles continues to deliver double-digit growth in the first quarter on top of double-digit growth last year. So we're seeing a good response to investment of sales organization on DSD. The other part of the sales organization that we are looking to continue to optimize is on the Morning Foods or cereal side of the business, the warehouse side, where we have more of a broken model and we are selectively adding back Kellogg direct employees feet on the street there in the right locations where we have the greatest impact. That's more later in Q1 into Q2 as we go through the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Two questions. Just first one, Ron, you mentioned on Slide 11 about Venezuela and I think you said it had no – there's no FX impact or you haven't assumed any. Can you just -- are you -- have you not adjusted your CCAD rate or were you just talking x currency? And if we include currency, how much of a drag is Venezuela expected to be on the range?
Ronald L. Dissinger: So at this point in time, Eric, we have not taken a devaluation for the Venezuela business. Let me just elaborate on that a little bit. First, as I said in the prepared remarks, sales are approximately 1% of our total company sales and operating profit is approximately 2% of our company operating profit. The valuation of our net assets and the translation of sales and profits are really a facts and circumstances situation. Within Venezuela, Kellogg's is deemed a priority industry. And we manufacture virtually all of our product domestically within Venezuela. We were also able to secure funds for anything we buy out of the country to produce in the country. We're able to secure funds at the official rate of VEF 6.3 to the U.S. dollar. So at this point in time, we have chosen to continue to value our business at that rate. Now the CCAD 1 rate, I believe, is just under VEF 11 to the U.S. dollar. If our facts and circumstances were to change and we were to value at that rate, we would have a one-time charge impact for the devaluation of the net assets and then we would have an impact from the future translation of profits to our business. The estimated impact for that, and this will be disclosed within our Q as well, is around $0.09 to $0.11 of earnings per share.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. So you're -- because I guess, you have production locally and you're deemed by their government to be special or that's why you're different from other companies that have had to recognize the 11 rate?
Ronald L. Dissinger: That is absolutely correct, Eric.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, John, if I could follow up. The Nielsen data going into the quarter showed your cookies and crackers business as struggling a bit, but you kind of pointed to it actually being quite strong, I think if my memory's correct, crackers are really the bulk of the business and the most profitable part. Can you talk a little bit about the difference between the Nielsen data and your shipments? And also, kind of how you see the Project K kind of enabling that business when obviously, your competitor in Mondelez has a lot kind of riding on their North American business, both being stronger in terms of sales and profits and they're taking production down to Mexico, et cetera?
John A. Bryant: Well, Eric, I feel very good about the momentum that we are building in our snacks business in the U.S. and we had a tough year last year. But as I look within the U.S. and what probably not as evident when all you see is the quarterly results is when you look at the phasing within the quarter, we came out of Q1 strong. And we're seeing very good momentum behind crackers and cookies, Pringles, obviously as well. And in that business, it's not really the ability to have a big disconnect between consumption and shipments over time because it's a DSD business, it's not going to a warehouse where you could get inventory hung up for a period of time. So a couple reasons why our shipments were stronger than our consumption. One is we had some activity going in customer that is outside the measured data. And also, we had very good display levels at the end of the quarter on full and seeing that pull out in P4 consumption as well. So I believe we are building momentum in the snacks business and thought we're absolutely on the right track. In terms of our competitor, I can't really talk to what their strategy or their intent is. But our intent here is to play our game, which is innovation-driven, in-store execution driven, invest back in the sales organization. We've gained share in crackers for just about every year for the last 10, 12 years, except for the last 1 or 2 years. And to see ourselves back in cracker share growth there, you see the Keebler business growing low-single digits, you see Pringles driving double-digit growth on top of double-digit growth, there's a lot of reasons here to see the business start to turn. Wholesome snacks, there's still work to be done but we're absolutely addressing it and taking the right actions.
Operator: Our next question is from David Driscoll of Citi Research.
Alexis Borden - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is Alexis Borden in for David this morning. Just a question about kind of your inflation expectations. I know you reiterated your guidance of 3% to 4% and you said that deflation was modest in the first quarter. So can maybe you kind of clarify or elaborate a little bit of the pacing on a go-forward basis?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. So we did see a little bit of net inflation within the first quarter. We still expect, as I said, around 3% to 4% of cost inflation and that will be more than offset by the productivity improvements that we expect over the course of the year. Remember, we've always talked about inflationary costs in materials, and primarily that being driven by our packaging costs. We did see some timing of cost and savings, as I said, within our factories, in particular, timing of production. Our production was a little bit lower in the first quarter, not an issue for the full year, necessarily. But a little lower in the first quarter and some of that was related to the weather impact that John talked about, we all actually saw some impact to our ability to produce in some of our manufacturing facilities. So our inflation is a little bit more front-end weighted, not a significant exaggeration, though, in terms of front end versus how it spreads across the year. The other important thing is our savings. We have good savings in the first quarter, but those savings ramp-up as we progress through the balance of the year. And the Project K savings are a particular contributor to that. Those savings, as you can imagine, particularly for our supply chain initiatives, will increase as we go through particularly the back part of the year. So we will see or have seen the net inflation in the first quarter and we'll see some net deflation over the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: First, a follow-up question. After your conversation with Eric there with regard to shipments versus consumption, do you think your shipments overall were in line with consumption across your businesses? And second, my primary question is, we've been talking about your investments in brand building in the quarter and I think, while we're assuming that the bulk of that is going to be U.S. cereal, perhaps you can confirm on that and with regard specifically to advertising behind that. Given that, I thought it was interesting, you said you expected cereal to be down, but down in line with the category. Given your importance in the category, are you expecting that the category growth or decline rate will improve through the rest of this year?
John A. Bryant: Okay. So there's a few questions in there. Firstly, in terms of any difference between shipments and consumption, I would say that our shipments were broadly in line with our consumption. And if we look at our trade inventory levels, there was nothing there that stuck out on us as a concern year-on-year. Secondly, in terms of brand building investment, the brand building investment we have coming in Q2 and Q3 is a little bit more cereal-oriented, particularly in some of the developed markets such as parts of Europe, Australia, U.S. Obviously, we continue to invest more in brands like Pringles as well, which has continued to drive tremendous growth for us. I'm trying to remember the third piece now, that you asked me.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just the part about brand building and the fact that you said that you expected decline to continue. Given this investment, it seems rather conservative.
John A. Bryant: Well, I believe that the category growth is a function of what the manufacturers do. So to your point, if we improve our performance, then the category performance should improve as well. And in some respects, that is inside of expectation. In the first quarter, the category's down 4% to 5%. The category's likely to be down more sort of low-single digits across the back half of the year with us more in line with the category. Not necessarily in line with the category, but closer to the category. And if we can improve our performance, I believe the category will improve.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Grainger, Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to focus more on the non-GMO Kashi offerings and just any early thoughts you have on the performance there. Can you give us a sense at all of the cost benefit trade-offs, whether there's a material difference in margin, how retailers are responding to it and if you have any observations about performance at the consumer level relative to the, I guess, legacy SKUs?
John A. Bryant: Well, firstly, as I said earlier, Kashi is a tremendous brand. It's one of the largest brands in the natural organic space. We do need to invest more back into the food to ensure we're on track with progressive nutrition. And as we do that, it means putting money back into the food itself. So it does impact the gross margin structure but essentially, the shift within Kashi from brand building into the food because you have to have the food right. In terms of are we seeing an impact, it's too early to say there's a big impact from GMO-free. We do have organic SKUs within Kashi and they've been doing well. So I think there's reason to believe in there. But ultimately, we need to get more new innovation to the marketplace over time. So we're confident in the long-term growth of Kashi. What I will say is, this business, because it has lost some distribution over the last 12, 18 months, it is going to be a headwind as we go through 2014 as we're just lapping those distribution losses. But long term, this is a very strong business. We just need to get it back on track and invest more in the food because that's what consumers are looking for from this brand.
Operator: And our last question will come from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: You mentioned that there were also some problems with Special K and Mini-Wheats, as well and it would be great to get some detail on that. You mentioned distribution losses at Kashi. Was that specifically in regular grocery stores, was it in the natural grocery outlets? And more broadly, because the cereal category as a whole has been in trouble for I guess, about 18 months now, how are the retailers thinking about shelf space allocations to the entire segment at the moment?
John A. Bryant: Okay. Well, perhaps I could take that in reverse order that you asked the questions. But again, the retail support for the category remains strong. This is one of the largest, most profitable categories within the retail environment and the discussions we're having with retailers are very productive and positive about how we grow our combined business. And in some respects, you come back to the category relevance work, we're getting very good retail support from network because it's helping retailers both with the cereal category and with the milk category, which is another important category for them over time as well. So we continue to get good retail support for shelf assortment. There's probably a little bit less merchandising support over the last couple of years but can get good primary shelf support. In terms of where the distribution losses have occurred for Kashi, quite frankly, there have been some retailers that are more mainstream in orientation that probably took a little bit more Kashi than they could sustain in that sort of outlet and we're still seeing very good distribution in the primary stores where the natural organic shopper goes to shop. And then coming back to your first question about some of the other brands where we have some challenges, we have Special K and Mini-Wheats, we have specific activity coming to market against both of those. So on Mini-Wheats, it's on air here in the second quarter. It's also being heavily featured in the category work that's going on. And on Special K, we have a new Simple 5 program that's coming in the second quarter, which actually is a portfolio program across cereals, snacks and frozen and really highlights the all-day weight management partner that Special K is. And so we have a number of specific programs addressing those very specific brand opportunities, which we think are part of the solution to drive back to growth.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And on Special K, was there a reason that the sort of the beginning of the year typical campaign on dieting and so on didn't work as well this year or is it a different issue?
John A. Bryant: I think we have a couple of opportunities with Special K. Certainly, the resolution event earlier this year was not as effective as we would have liked and I think we have an opportunity to continue to improve those programs over time. I think they've become -- we used to call them the 2-week challenge. It's become a challenge, it's become something difficult to do. It's not resonating with consumers as well and so we need to continue to move the brand to a more positive footing of great food that helps you live your life to the fullest and manage your weight as opposed to more of a negative orientation. And quite frankly, that's a challenge not just in the U.S., it's a global challenge on Special K. If you look around the world where the weakness is in some of our other cereal business, it is a Special K discussion. And so as we look at our Special K programs globally, we are working on different programs around the world. We've changed food in a number of markets and as we see again what works, we'll continue to adapt and adopt rapidly around the Kellogg system and bring those ideas to bear.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. We'll be available the next couple days for follow-ups.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-06 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon Burton - Executive Officer of Snacks business unit John A. Bryant - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Varun Gokarn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. Thank you. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mr. Simon Burton, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference.
Simon Burton: Thanks, Michelle. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. I'm joined here by John Bryant, President and CEO; and Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, February 10. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. Now I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. As you have seen, we reported fourth quarter and full year 2013 results today. Full year reported sales growth was in line with our previous expectations. Internal growth was a little lower than we thought, driven by the cereal category weakness in developed markets that was seen for much of the year. Better-than-expected results below the line offset this impact, and full year comparable earnings were $3.77 per share, in line with our expectations. And cash flow was $1,170,000,000 for the full year, toward the high end of our range. We've been making very good progress throughout the quarter on Project K, our significant multiyear efficiency and effectiveness program. I'll give you some more detail on this in a minute, but I'll say that I'm pleased with the progress we've made so far, and I am encouraged by the plans we have in place. And finally, we also provided guidance for 2014 today. This guidance reflects the realities of our categories and the work required to drive growth in the future. While Project K is just part of the solution, it is important as it will provide fuel for growth over the next 4 years. We will not only invest Project K's savings back into the business, but we'll also look to improve the effectiveness of our existing investment. Our goals for 2014 are to set realistic targets and to invest back into our categories and our brands. We've got a lot of work to do, but we also see a lot of opportunity. You'll hear more on this later today and at CAGNY as we turn Kellogg to profitable growth over time. And now if you'll turn to Slide 4, you'll see an update on Pringles. Pringles posted high-single-digit internal net sales growth for the full year and double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. Europe, Asia-Pacific, Canada and Specialty Channels in the U.S. all posted double-digit growth in the quarter as innovation and core products drove results. As we've mentioned before, the integration has gone very smoothly, is on track and is largely complete. This has been a great acquisition for us. Sales and profit growth had exceeded our expectations in every quarter since the transaction closed. The integration has transformed our global snack business and significantly increased its growth potential. We now have category teams based in each of our regions to drive future growth. We launched some exciting innovation in 2013, including Tortilla Pringles in the U.S. late in the year. We've been capacity-constrained since completing the acquisition, but we have more capacity coming online in 2014 in Europe and in 2015 in Asia, which will help us manufacture closer to demand and supply future growth. In addition, we also recently announced that we are planning to add capacity for Pringles in China with our joint venture partner, Wilmar. Sales growth in China has been good. The JV has been going well. This is an exciting step for us in this important region. Now let's turn to Slide 5 and a quick update on Project K. We've made quite a few announcements over the last few months. We expect that more than half of the cost savings we will realize over the next 4 years will come from supply chain, and that's certainly been the initial area of focus for us. One of our goals is to optimize our supply chain network. And as a result, we've announced plans to close or reduce capacity in plants in large, developed markets such as the U.S., Canada and Australia. Also, we're continuing to focus on emerging markets, which is an important part of our corporate strategy. So we're increasing the snacks capacity at our plant in Thailand, and as we've already mentioned, we're also adding cereal capacity in India and capacity for Pringles in Malaysia and in Poland. To be clear, this is capacity we're adding to service international demand. It's not product that will be shipped to North America. In addition, we're also making good progress with our move to global business services. So we've got a lot underway, and we'll provide further update at CAGNY in a few weeks. The primary goal of Project K is to enable us to invest behind the business, and Slide 6 shows a framework which highlights the various areas of this reinvestment. We think of the purchase model in 3 distinct phases: Desire, Decide and Delight. The first of these, Desire, is the area of investment we normally associate with our advertising investment. Decide is about winning in store and includes engaging consumers at the shelf, packaging, assortment and in-store merchandising. And Delight really closes the loop. This is about the consumer experience, and it's largely about our product offering and quality. Project K has been investing back into all 3 of these areas. So first, let me give you some examples in Desire. We will invest back behind our brands and specifically, to address some of the category issues we see today. This is not about more money behind the existing work. It's about better allocating investment and adding additional resources as part of Project K behind an initiative design to re-stimulate category growth. We will do this by leveraging the strongest brand in the category worldwide, and that is the Kellogg brand itself. Over the last 6 months, we've been working to create a calendar of initiatives, including a campaign to reinforce the values of cereal and the role Kellogg plays in bringing that to the consumer. We'll be initiating campaigns in our core markets by the second quarter under the idea of Kellogg's cereal breakfast. We are excited by these ideas and the work we've seen so far. The next step is Decide, which is the conversion of the shopper in the store. This includes investment in things like packaging, shopper programs, mobile, in-store ads and display. We currently have brands that respond well to display and in-store theater, and we're working to improve our vehicles for better presentation to the shopper. We have some industry-leading in-store partnerships with ESPN GameDay, the Olympics and key movie properties. In addition, as part of Project K, we're increasing our investment in our coverage model for DSD in our U.S. Snacks business, including investing in better technology for our reps. And finally, we will also invest back in our food to delight consumers. There are various ways we can do this. We realize the ground continues to shift rapidly in consumer sentiment around nutrition and the values being placed on food. So we will continue to develop new foods to address these evolving consumer requirements like Raisin Bran with Omega-3 and Special K Nourish with quinoa. We will constantly strive to maintain and improve the quality of our products. We'll do more with our packaging, and we'll develop new ideas like our new granola in resealable bags. So as you can see the scope and scale of our whole path-to-purchase model and that we have an opportunity to drive significant growth through further investment in all these areas. I recognize that because we are planning to invest in advertising, in-store execution and in the design and quality of our food, it'll be more difficult for you to track the investment. However, each of these areas will help drive future returns and are the right places for us to focus. Again, we'll come back at CAGNY with more detail regarding what we're doing. With that, I'll turn it over to Ron for a review of our quarterly and full year financial results.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning. Slide 7 shows our performance for the quarter and the full year and excludes charges related to Project K and mark-to-market for pensions and commodities. Internal net sales for the full year increased by 0.3%. We delivered solid sales growth in Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific in the quarter and for the full year. But sales declined in our 2 key U.S. businesses, impacting both quarterly and full year revenue growth. Underlying internal operating profit increased by 1.3% for the full year and increased by 8.8% in the fourth quarter. The strong quarterly result was largely due to net deflation in cost of goods sold, the timing of brand-building as we were lapping significant growth in the fourth quarter of 2012 and a lower year over -- impact from our base upfront cost, excluding Project K. Comparable earnings per share, which exclude integration costs, marked-to-market adjustments and Project K costs, were $0.83 per share in the fourth quarter and $3.77 per share for the full year, in line with our expectations. The comparable results in the quarter benefited from a lower tax rate due to some discrete items that concluded late in the fourth quarter. Reported earnings per share for the full year were $4.94. This included a substantial benefit from the mark-to-market accounting for pensions due to both asset returns and movements and interest rates. This was partially offset by $0.13 of Pringles integration costs and $0.42 of costs related to Project K. Slide 8 shows the components of the full year and quarterly sales growth. For the full year, reported sales increased by 4.2% and internal sales growth was 0.3%. For the fourth quarter, reported net sales declined by 1.7% and internal net sales declined by 0.9% on top of a 5% comp. This was primarily due to the weakness in the U.S. cereal and snacks businesses I mentioned earlier. Internal volume declined by 0.5 point for the full year and 1.6% in the fourth quarter. While we experienced softer volume in some developed cereal markets and in U.S. Snacks, we saw strong volume growth in snacks outside the U.S. and in our U.S. Frozen Foods business. We also posted improvements in price/mix in both the quarter and for the full year. And of course, Pringles is most of the 4.6% full year growth from acquisitions. The impact of currency translation reduced sales growth by 0.7% for the full year and by 0.8% in the fourth quarter. Slide 9 shows our gross margin performance during 2013. As we expected, we saw good margin improvement of 60 basis points in the quarter. As we've discussed earlier in the year, our productivity savings built throughout the year and savings in the fourth quarter were approximately 5% of cost of goods. And we also saw a moderation in gross inflation to approximately 4% in the fourth quarter. So we experienced net deflation and benefited from the timing of upfront costs. We did see some offset from reduced operating leverage due to the sales softness in our U.S. categories. Full year gross margin declined by slightly more than 1%, approximately in line with our expectations. Net cost of goods inflation of approximately 1 point and lower operating leverage were key drivers of our performance, resulting in around 70 basis points of decline on a comparable basis. The full year impact of the inclusion of the Pringles business in the results was a decline of around 40 basis points. Slide 10 shows the operating profit performance for each of the regions in the fourth quarter. The operating profit growth on the chart excludes charges for Project K. As I mentioned earlier, underlying internal operating profit for the total company increased by 8.8%. North America's underlying internal operating profit decreased by 2.9%, and this was primarily driven by sales declines in Morning Foods, Snacks in Canada. Underlying internal operating profit increased by 15.3% in Europe. This was the result of good sales growth and the impact of comparisons. Underlying internal operating profit in Latin America decreased by 4.7%. While we recognized solid sales growth in the region, we experienced some disruption to our product supply due to the difficult operating environment in Venezuela. This resulted in higher cost of goods sold and reduced operating leverage. And in Asia-Pacific, we saw a significant increase in underlying internal operating profit due to solid sales growth and a significant investment in upfront cost in the region in the fourth quarter of 2012. Now let's turn to Slide 11, which shows our cash flow performance. Cash flow from operations before capital spending was $1,807,000,000 for the full year, in line with our expectations. This was an increase of $49 million over 2012, and remember, 2012 included a onetime benefit of approximately $150 million from the Pringles acquisition. So we're pleased with our cash flow generation in 2013, which was towards the high end of our guidance range. Capital spending for 2013 was $637 million, a year-over-year increase of approximately $104 million. This was slightly more than 4% of sales. And you'll recall that we were expecting capital spending this year to be greater than the high end of our long-term target range as we invest in additional capital for Pringles and the new plant in India and because of some shift of investment we saw from late 2012 into 2013. We purchased $544 million of shares in 2013. We do expect to go back to our normal share repurchase activity in 2014, and it will reduce the overall average share count by between 1.5% and 2%. And finally, we have made progress on reducing debt levels since the acquisition of Pringles. In fact, we've decreased our levels of debt by approximately $900 million over the last 18 months. Slide 12 details our guidance for 2014. We're giving pragmatic guidance for growth for the full year. Project K will provide some funding to increase investment in certain businesses and categories in which we compete. We expect that internal net sales will be up approximately 1% in 2014. This excludes any impact from integration costs, the impact of currency translation and this year's 53rd week. The 53rd week should add a little more than 1 point to reported sales growth. We continue to expect moderate material-related inflation in 2014. Total cost of goods inflation is estimated to be in the range of 3% to 4%. This is before the benefit from productivity, which we estimate to be toward the high end of our long-term target range of 3% to 4% of cost of goods. In addition, we will recognize some savings from Project K in cost of goods sold. So we expect a moderate amount of net deflation overall. As a result, we anticipate that underlying reported gross margin will increase by approximately 40 to 50 basis points, including the benefit we'll realize from Project K impacting our supply chain. Underlying internal operating profit is estimated to be flat to up 2%. We expect that brand-building will increase faster than sales growth, including the reinvestment of savings from Project K. We also have a little more than 1 point of headwind from incentive compensation due to our performance in 2013. And we're planning for some impact from the new food tax in Mexico and a more difficult regulatory environment in the Latin America region. Finally, on operating profit. The 53rd week should add approximately 1.5 to 2 points to reported operating profit growth for the year. We expect the currency-neutral comparable earnings per share will increase at a rate between 1% and 3% in 2014. The underlying tax rate is estimated to be between 29% and 30%, and interest expense will be between $225 million and $235 million. Our reported EPS was $4.94, including the impact of mark-to-market in 2013, and there's a walk in the appendix that shows all the components of our results. Slide 13 shows our EPS walk for 2014. First, we have adjusted our 2013 base earnings per share to remove the upfront costs of $0.08 per share incurred in 2013. While we will continue to invest in productivity initiatives, we are bundling all of our upfront costs into Project K for simplicity's sake, and we'll exclude them from our underlying results. Earnings per share growth of 1% to 3% puts us in a range of $3.89 to $3.97 a share. We currently estimate that currency translation will not have an impact on results. Although it's important to note that this doesn't include the impact of any significant currency devaluations we might see during the year, for example, Venezuela. In addition, we estimate that the 53rd week will add approximately $0.08 per share. We expect 1 more year of costs related to the integration of Pringles, and we estimate between $0.07 and $0.09 per share in 2014, primarily related to our go-to-market model. This puts us more toward the high end of our original estimate for integration cost, but synergies have exceeded the high end of our $50 million to $75 million range, too. And we're expecting incremental savings from Project K will be in the range of $50 million to $60 million for the full year, approximately 40% of which will come from cost of goods. As John said, it is our intention to reinvest these savings in growth initiatives. Costs related to the project are estimated to be approximately $300 million to $350 million or $0.60 to $0.65 per share in 2014, with approximately 1/2 in cost of goods sold. But I should point out that we could see initiatives shift between years as we progress through the project, and obviously, we'll update you if this occurs. Our estimate is that total pretax costs over the life of the project will be between $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion, and our estimate is that annual savings will be between $425 million and $475 million by 2018. Both of these estimates are unchanged from our initial guidance last quarter. We expect the cash flow in 2014 will be between $1 billion and $1.1 billion. This includes capital spending and additional cash required by Project K. This will be partially offset by an initiative in accounts payable to reduce our working capital. This is already underway. We anticipate that total capital spending will be in the range of 4% to 5% of sales, as we mentioned last quarter, and this will include investment in Project K and the additional capacity for Pringles. Last, a few comments on the first quarter of 2014. We expect that the sales trends we've seen in several of our businesses in 2013 will continue into 2014, and first quarter sales could be down slightly. We also expect that underlying gross margin in the first quarter will be flat to down slightly, driven by operating leverage and the timing of our productivity savings during the year. This will lead to lower underlying operating profit and comparable earnings per share, including currency, in the range of $0.95 to $0.98 per share. Of course, our guidance on operating profit and earnings per share excludes the impact of mark-to-market adjustments, integration costs and Project K costs. And now I'll turn it back over to John for more detail on the operating segments.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Now let's look at Slide 15 and some more detail regarding Morning Foods. Sales declined by 4% in the fourth quarter, although we're lapping mid-single-digit growth, the most difficult comparison of the year. Consumption in the cereal category remained lower than we had initially expected as merchandising and display were down. The adult segment of the portfolio remained weak, and we saw lower year-over-year retail inventories, which had an effect on shipments in the quarter. We saw some good growth in parts of our portfolio. For example, Raisin Bran grew strongly, driven by innovation and advertising as part of our healthy dividends campaign. This program is aimed at baby boomers and highlights the health benefits of our products. It's a campaign that has resonated with consumers and is an example of the type of activity that we'll be doing more of in the future. We've got more activity planned in 2014, including new product introductions such as the new Special K Chocolate Almond, the Krave cereal, Touch of Fruit Mini-Wheats, Bear Naked granola and new Kashi cereals, including 3 varieties of Organic Promise, all of which are GMO-free. You'll see on Slide 16 that we're very happy to be celebrating Pop-Tarts' 50th anniversary in 2014. This is an iconic brand that has just completed its 31st consecutive year of growth. Core and new products continue to drive this, and the brand feels as young today as it ever has. Pop-Tarts gained 0.6 point share over the last 52-week period on consumption growth of 3.4%, and full year category share was 84.4%. The 2 Peanut Butter Pop-Tarts we launched in 2013 continued to do well in the fourth quarter and also contributed to full year results. We have bigger commercial plans coming in 2014 as part of the Olympics program and the Crazy Good summer campaign. And in some of the other categories in Morning Foods, we're following up last year's launch of our drinkable breakfast products with new Coffee House versions. These new flavors include chocolate mocha and vanilla cappuccino, and will make a great addition to our existing lineup. In addition, the new Special K Hot Cereals we launched last year have also been doing well. Finally, for Morning Foods, we have a number of exciting commercial plans scheduled for 2014. These include the Olympics sponsorship I mentioned, which is underway now, a Share Your Breakfast program in March and Kellogg masterbrand category-building programs to come later in the year. Some of these, particularly the ones later in the year, will be part of the reinvestment program related to Project K. We expect that these category-related activities will improve the relevancy of the cereal category progressively over time. Now let's turn to Slide 17 and our U.S. Snacks segment. Both shipments and consumption increased in the cracker business in the fourth quarter, and share remained essentially flat. We had strong merchandising during the holiday season, and Town House Pita and Cheez-It Zings, both of which were midyear innovations, continued to do well. Consumption of Town House crackers increased significantly due to both the innovation and share gains posted by the original variety. Cheez-It Zings also contributed incremental growth as base Cheez-Its also grew. Partially offsetting this growth were some weakness in the Special K Cracker business, as well as strong comparisons in the second half of 2012. We have some good innovation coming in this category in 2014. We have just launched Cheez-It Grooves, which is off to a good start, as is the cracker business as a whole. The Keebler brand, in total, posted slight internal net sales growth due to good results from Fudge Shoppe in the fourth quarter. And we have some exciting new product news coming later in the first quarter on Chips Deluxe. However, the cookie business as a whole declined in the fourth quarter. This was partially driven by reductions in inventory, although we saw weakness in some of our brands, including Mother's and Murray Sugar Free. In the wholesome snacks business, Nutri-Grain, again, gained share in the quarter, driven by Nutri-Grain Crunch, and we also saw good performance from Rice Krispies Treats. However, this growth was more than offset by weakness in other parts of the portfolio and lower inventories at retail. So we saw growth in the wholesome snack business, where we've innovated, but frankly, we've been disappointed with the performance of this business. So we're changing direction and are planning innovation and advertising that returns the core in both Special K and Nutri-Grain brands. And with Kashi, much like we're doing in cereal, we're returning the brand to its roots. So we're taking the right steps to drive improvement over time. Finally, for snacks. Our Pringles business posted strong double-digit internal net sales growth as a result of good consumption and the shipment of the new Tortilla innovation I mentioned earlier. Pringles had a very strong year in 2013 despite some difficult comparisons, and we remain optimistic given the early results from the launch of new products and a strong commercial calendar. While we don't expect continued double-digit growth, we are excited by the potential growth of this great business. So in summary, the snacks business had a difficult year in 2013, and 2014 will be a rebuilding year as we continue to focus on what's working and also on investment and innovation and better in-store execution. We recognize that we've got a lot to do in this business, and the team has been working hard on their plan. Now let's turn to Slide 18 and the strong performance of the U.S. Specialty segment. Internal net sales growth was 5.1% in the fourth quarter and was 4.1% for the full year. In the 12-week consumption data, Kellogg gained share in the Convenience channel in the cereal, cracker and health and wellness categories. Innovation, distribution and pricing drove good internal sales growth in the fourth quarter and strong double-digit growth for the full year in the channel. Our Cereal in a Cup products have continued to perform well in this channel, as have breakfast shakes and our new launches in the cereal bar segment. Pringles also did well in the quarter and posted double-digit internal sales growth and share gains for the full year. In Foodservice, we renovated a significant number of SKUs in the K-12 schools business, where we posted double-digit sales growth as a result. In fact, the overall Foodservice business outperformed the soft category to impart the good results from the Eggo brand. Now let's turn to Slide 19, which shows detail regarding the North America Other segment. This segment, which includes the Canadian and U.S. Frozen Foods business, posted an internal sales decrease of 2.9% in the quarter against a double-digit growth comparison. In the fourth quarter, internal net sales in Frozen Foods business increased at a low-single-digit rate as we were lapping the most difficult comparisons of the year. You'll remember that we launched Special K flatbread sandwiches in the second half of last year, which contributed to the very strong double-digit sales growth we posted in both the fourth quarter and full year 2012. Our core Eggo business did well in the fourth quarter of 2013 as both the kid and family segments posted good rates of growth and we drove new brand-building activities. Special K flatbread sandwiches benefited from the launch of a new Deluxe Egg and Cheese version in the second half, which also contributed. A new bacon variety is going into the market now, and we expect that this and last year's innovation will both contribute to results in 2014. We also saw double-digit growth in the burger segment of our Morningstar Farms portfolio and momentum in the poultry segment, driven by new product introductions in the middle of the year. It's worth noting that we will take some SKUs out of the Kashi Frozen Foods portfolio in 2014, which will have an adverse impact on sales growth. And our Canadian business ended the full year with a decline in internal sales of less than 1%. This was partially due to comps later in the year, but we also saw weakness in the cereal category throughout most of the year, much like in the U.S. Now let's turn to Slide 20 and our international businesses. All of our international regions posted internal sales growth for the fourth quarter and for the full year. The European business posted good results in the fourth quarter, with internal sales growth of 1.2% and double-digit operating profit growth. Internal sales growth for the full year was 1.7%. Pringles continued to post good results in the fourth quarter as it has full year. Broader competitive conditions in both the U.K. and on the continent remain challenging. The cereal category in the U.K. continued to be difficult, although our new Crunchy Nut Granola contributed to sales, and Crunchy Nut, Rice Krispies and Corn Flakes all gained share. Special K will remain a focus for us in 2014 in the U.K., and we have both new commercial plans and the introduction of Special K granola coming during the year. The Pringles business in the U.K. gained 1.7 points of share as commercial pressure, good in-store execution and strong commercial plans all contributed. We posted mid-single-digit growth in our European emerging markets, which include the Middle East and Russia, and we are pleased with the results in these developing growth regions. However, Southern Europe remains challenging. So we had encouraging results in Europe in 2013. We saw good rates of growth in various businesses, and Pringles was a significant contributor. And we achieved the top and bottom line growth we expected. We have some good innovation and commercial plans coming, and we expect to post top and bottom line growth again this year. However, the environment in the region remains very difficult, and we believe we have pragmatic expectations for the business in 2014. Slide 21 shows this year's performance in the Latin American region. Internal net sales growth was 3% in the fourth quarter against a 9% comparison in the fourth quarter of last year. The cereal category in Mexico has slowed somewhat, particularly in the adult-oriented segment of the portfolio. Despite this, Kellogg gained 0.7 point share in the most recent quarter of consumption data. The snack categories saw declines in consumption in the latest data, but Kellogg, again, gained 2 points of share as a result of our mid-single-digit rate of sales growth. Also in the region, we saw good results in Brazil and in the Pringles business, which posted high-single-digit internal sales growth. Economic conditions continue to be difficult in Mexico, and the recently imposed tax on food and beverages could have a significant effect on sales in several key categories. Consumers are faced with a double-digit price increase on January 1. We expect that we will see more of an adverse impact in the first half of the year as consumers adjust to the new prices. And while we believe the team is planning appropriately, this and the continuing uncertainty in Venezuela will limit sales growth in 2014. And finally, on Slide 22, is detail on the Asia-Pacific business. This segment posted internal sales growth of 4% in the fourth quarter and full year growth of 3%. The Japanese, South Korean, Indian, Southeast Asian and Pringles businesses all posted strong rates of growth in the quarter. In fact, the Asian business saw double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. Granola has continued to do well in Japan. Pringles gained share in many countries. And both Special K Cracker Chips and Biscuit Moments, both examples of innovation that has traveled from other regions, have done well in Australia. The cereal category in Australia saw declines in consumption in the fourth quarter. We believe the category-building activity will also help to drive this business, and we are currently formulating plans that we believe will begin to address this issue. However, we remain cautious on cereal in Australia as we go into 2014. And now I'll open up for questions before coming back with a brief summary.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: John, you talked about your plans to invest in Desire, Decide, Delight. Where do you think is the biggest gap right now? Where's the biggest opportunity to really move the business? And what kind of steps are the most promising to tackle that?
John A. Bryant: Thilo, there's a couple ways of thinking about that question, and I think the answer depends a little bit by business. So if we look at the cereal business, particularly in some of the large developed markets, I think it's primarily a Desire opportunity, a category relevance opportunity. And so you'll see us investing back more in our developed cereal business, in category-building activities, category-relevance activities in markets like the U.S., U.K., Australia and Canada. We'll also selectively invest back in Delight. There is some food investment opportunities there as well. If I go to the snacks business in the U.S., I think the opportunity in snacks is more in the Decide phase. It's more about in-store execution. And so what you're seeing us do there is invest back into our U.S. sales organization, invest back into the DSD system, specifically, and reduce the number of stores per route, so our people can spend more time in store and execute more effectively.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So on cereal, you're still not of the view that cereal in the U.S. is a structurally broken category?
John A. Bryant: No, absolutely not. If I step back and talk about the cereal category for a minute, and I'll use the U.S. as an example, the breakfast occasion in the U.S. is actually still growing. If you look at the range of food items consumed at breakfast in the U.S. in the home, it's actually up about 3% through the back part of last year. And in that context, cereal is the #1 item consumed at breakfast and has a very high household penetration. When we look at what's happening within cereal, we're losing people to other categories such as eggs, toast, peanut butter, yogurt, et cetera. We're not losing people to any one category in particular. And when we ask people why they're leaving, there's no one negative item, and in fact, there's no real negative item. In fact, when we talk to consumers about why they're eating less cereal, we call it an unconscious migration because the answer we get is generally "I didn't realize I was eating less cereal in the week." So as we think about what we need to do on cereal, is we need to tell our story more effectively about the benefits of eating cereal for breakfast. One way to think about that is to move our model from a focus on winning in the cereal category, brand versus brand within cereal, to winning with cereal at the breakfast occasion and looking at the benefits and communicating the benefits of cereals to the consumers relative to some of the other alternatives at the broader breakfast occasion. And while the challenge for us to do that is to do that in a way that we own the outcome, we own the growth in the category. And we think we can do that by activating the strongest brand we have, which is the Kellogg brand. And to put that into context, Kellogg is the #1 food CPG brand as ranked by Interbrand. So we have strong insights and messaging around the benefits of cereal using the Kellogg masterbrand, and you'll see more of that category-building activity as we go through the middle of this year in some of these major cereal markets. And we believe we can absolutely win with cereal at the breakfast occasion.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to ask -- I've got 2 questions. The first one is on your inflation guidance. Can you guys just talk about -- I think you said gross inflation up 3% to 4%, and I believe that would build on top of the 5% in 2013. Can you just discuss the key factors that are impacting gross inflation for Kellogg? And then I have a follow-up question I'd like to ask on snack bars.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, David. On the gross inflation, so we're seeing inflation across a number of components of our cost of goods structure. First, we are seeing deflation in some of the key grades that you can see on the exchanges. But probably 80% of our material cost base, we're still seeing inflation. Things like packaging and energy are inflating significantly. That's having an impact on our cost structure. In addition to that, we've got increases in some of our factory investment and wages as well. So when you wrap it all up, we're still seeing around 3% to 4% of cost inflation. But remember, I said overall, we are expecting to see net deflation because of our strong productivity improvement programs and as well as some of the savings we get off Project K.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then on the snack bars, John, the Nielsen data on snack bars looks pretty bad. I mean, sometimes, I see down mid-teens on snack bars. Number one, is it -- it's a grain-based product. Is it related to the issues in cereal? Is it related to a lack of focus on granola? Is it just you're zigging when you should have zagged or something like that? Why such extraordinarily kind of negative results in a category that still looks like a good category?
John A. Bryant: David, I think we still believe the wholesome snacks business is absolutely a good category to be in. To be frank, we're disappointed by the performance of our wholesome snacks business. If we peel the onion back, Nutri-Grain and Rice Krispies Treats actually are still doing reasonably well in the category. We have some weakness specifically around Special K and FiberPlus. As I said in the prepared remarks, we need to focus back on the core within these wholesome snacks. And as we look at 2014, we expect this business to continue to be a challenge. But I think a big part for us to win in this business, strong innovation, brand building and in-store execution, and particularly the area of in-store execution, where I think we have an opportunity to reinvest back within our DSD organization and improve the execution in store over time. So we have a good core business. We probably had some innovation in that business that hasn't stuck in the marketplace. It's a bit of a drag on us, and we need to focus back on the core, improve some of the core food and improve the in-store execution as well.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And John, just comment, though, on the interaction, though, between the snack bar problems and the cereal problems. I mean, a lot of people ask me about carbohydrates. What's your opinion here on the issues, whether they are related?
John A. Bryant: I believe the wholesome snacks business, which we position largely as breakfast on the go, is still a category that can continue to grow as it meets the needs of consumers, more portable breakfast solutions. So I think that one has a good category opportunity. I think with cereal, we just have a lot of different alternatives to that breakfast occasion. And if you look at our share of voice, it's probably been declining over time at a category level relative to some of that competition. And we have an opportunity to sharpen our messaging, to increase our investment a little bit and drive the relevance of the cereal category back. So I see them as 2 distinct discussions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Grainger from Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: As we look at the measured channel data for the cereal category, I understand you're investing across the breakfast opportunity, trying to increase relevance. One of the things that I still find a little concerning is just the weakness. In a way, it seems to be concentrated in some of the core franchises, in some of the more enduring brands within your portfolio, like Special K, like Mini-Wheats. So on those brands, in particular, are there specific issues of merchandising or innovation timing? Have you held back ahead of the Olympics activity, or are you seeing anything -- any sort of broader pressure on those brands? And just on Special K, in particular, also if you could address the protein line extension and sort of whether that's proven to be incremental or not to the overall brand.
John A. Bryant: Thank you, Matthew. So I think if you look at brands like Mini-Wheats, you're actually seeing that brand strengthen over time. And if you look at brands like Raisin Bran, you're actually seeing good growth when we get behind a healthy dividends-type messaging. So when we have clear insights, good messaging, we can absolutely drive these businesses. And I think if you're looking within some of the more recent consumption data, say, some of the published data in January, I think you are seeing some timing of activity between our Olympics activity, which is more February, and our Share Your Breakfast activity, which is March as opposed to January. What I will say in January, on Special K, specifically, is we did not have as strong a resolution event as we would have hoped. And that is some short-term softness in Special K as a result in January. There is a broader macro trend against some of these weight management-type propositions, not just Special K in cereal but some other similar propositions in other categories. And there is some general softness in that. Special K remains a very strong brand. I think we need to re-amp the messaging and find another angle in with the consumers. We have some work to do on Special K in general. I think that is part of the weakness we're seeing in the category, not just in the U.S. but some of the other developed markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a question about cereal again. Did you consider, John, making a deeper investment this year to try to rebound, to help the category rebound? When I look at how much you're actually spending incrementally, it really isn't that much. It sounds like it's more a shift in resources to more umbrella advertising for the Kellogg brand, a masterbrand strategy. Is that going to be enough? Did you consider making a bigger investment? And then secondly, on masterbrand advertising, I've seen the attitude towards that kind of wax and wane in consumer packaged foods. Campbell tried it and then shifted right back again. What makes you think that masterbrand can really work this time?
John A. Bryant: Well, Robert, we have not really activated Kellogg for a very long period of time. It's a very strong brand, so we're very confident that that brand has the capability of engaging consumers back into the category in a way that we can uniquely own. At the same time, being pragmatic, we haven't had these programs in market yet. So your question about whether we would double or triple down on the investment, I think we want to see it work before we drive a large amount of investment into it. And it's worth remembering to your point that while we are adding more brand building, we spend $1.5 billion a year in brand building. We have a lot of brand-building fuel in the engine. And if we find these programs really drive the business, we'll probably reorient money we already have as opposed to have to add a whole new money into the category.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm interested in the thinking behind excluding upfront costs. Kellogg used to openly pride itself on keeping these costs in. They were a normal part of doing business. But now this thinking has been reversed, and I'm not sure why other than to, frankly, optically drive EPS higher. So my question is this. If these are ongoing costs, and they happen every year, and they've been similar in EPS impact most years, why should we exclude them? What's different about these upfront costs than the investments every food company does each quarter?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Ken, as you saw within the information that we shared on our guidance, we clearly stated the amount of upfront cost change in 2013 and added that back before we grew the 1% to 3% in terms of our guidance. We think it's simpler rather than trying to dissect our investments in upfront costs between base upfront cost and Project K. We think it's simpler and cleaner to just bundle everything together over the life of Project K and exclude them from our underlying results. So there's really nothing more than that. We do still have a small element of base upfront costs that we're including in our total project investment so that we can drive additional productivity investments and savings in the 3% to 4% base productivity that we strive to achieve each year.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: John, when you speak to the investment in your DSD system going forward and, I guess, some of the technologies there, are there certain competitive deficiencies that you've noticed in terms of technology execution? Is it part of the normal replacement cycle? Just any thoughts there in terms of your observations on DSD, either on isolation or versus your competitors.
John A. Bryant: John, as we look at that DSD business, we think we have the ability to be more effective by providing them with new tools. So we have new iPad-type based programs, applications to help them be more effective in store. In addition to that we are reducing the coverage rates, so we're going from -- each route being about 18 stores down to 12 stores, pretty meaningful move there. In terms of our competitive position, we have, quite frankly, the model is split [indiscernible] has occurred. That large sales organization is focused on a much smaller part of business, and that has been a competitive headwind for us, and we are looking to ensure that we have the right resources in store to drive that business forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the last comment, John. As you reduce the -- or improve the coverage rate, I guess my question is -- inherently, it makes sense, but how do you do that in a, I guess, cost-effective way? Because obviously, just the overall scale, right, of your DSD business versus that of Mondelez, I would assume makes DSD system, a pretty fixed cost-intensive system, that much tougher to start with, let alone the scale differential. I'm trying to get a sense how you do that, or does that just hit margins for a period of time here or reset the margin base? And then secondly, I'm just curious, and this is probably better asked to others, do you get a feeling that other players or a player in the U.S. cereal category will also try and kind of activate or help restimulate the category as a whole as opposed to, again, just a specific kind of brand versus brand type of stuff? Just from what you may see in the industry.
John A. Bryant: Well, Andrew, first, on the snacks investment, the investment is actually not as large as it might sound. We spend a lot of money getting the product to the store, and then we just need to have a little bit more resources activating it, actually, in the store itself. So it's not a significant investment as it might sound in terms of reducing the store coverage, as I said earlier. It is, however, important for us to win in store to make sure that we have the resources in place to build the displays and to get the activation going. On cereal, we're focused on driving our business, which will drive the category. I believe the dynamics we're seeing in the cereal category holds true for us as it does for other manufacturers. And as we look over time, what drives this category is health and wellness, brand building, great food, and we're focused on driving the business in a sustainable way that will grow the category. I can't talk to how other manufacturers will react and what their plans will be, but I believe if you look back over time, this is a very consistent message in terms of what has driven the category historically.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just let me get on a soapbox for 1 second. I disagree with Ken. I think everybody else has been -- most companies, Hershey, others have been excluding tons of charges. And so I think it's perfectly reasonable for you, too. Ultimately, it's what the cash cost is, not what the earnings is. So I don't have a problem with that. But looking at your -- kind of where 2014, and I recognize that things are challenging and it's a transition year, but it sounds like the $0.08 of upfront and the $0.08 of the 53rd week, plus you're going to be doing more buybacks of 1.5%. So is net income actually down here for the year, x currency, assuming that still is neutral?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Let me walk you through our guidance, Eric. First of all, we said approximately 1 point in terms of our sales growth. So that's driving, call it, around $60 million worth of profit accretion. And then we also said we have a little bit of net deflation. It's a little less than 1 point, and that includes Project K savings. It's driving our gross margin expansion. That's probably $60 million or so, also of profit accretion. From there, we're investing back in brand building at a rate faster than sales and advertising, also at a rate faster than sales. And then John has been talking about investing in capability, the sales execution, the category teams that we've put in place and some investment in R&D as well. And we've got a little more than 1 point, as I said, on incentive compensation headwind. We are growing operating profit and net income relatively flat as a result of the share repurchase program. So when you move to earnings per share going from flat to up -- to an operating profit up 1% to up 3%, we're getting about 1.5 to 2 points accretion related to the share repurchase program. And then we do have a little bit of headwind from tax expense. We had a lower tax rate in 2013 versus what we're expecting in 2014. So we're basically getting about 1 point of accretion below operating profit really attributable to our share repurchase program.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on a more, I guess, just operations standpoint, can you remind me of, like, what is on the DSD truck in terms of your brands now? And is there any consideration of what's going to shift? I mean, obviously, Pop-Tarts is doing well on its own, and that hasn't been on the truck. But is there shifts in what you're going to put through warehouse versus what's on the truck as part of this efficiency move?
John A. Bryant: So Eric, we have 3 big businesses that go through the DSD system. There's crackers, cookies, wholesome snacks. We have a fourth segment, which is part of our snacks business, which is Pringles, which goes warehouse. To answer your question, we have no plans to change that dramatically. We have a tremendous DSD system. It's an incredible execution machine. It's great ability to drive the cookie, cracker and wholesome snacks business. We just need to invest a little bit back behind that system and ensure it's set up for success.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Varun Gokarn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's Varun Gokarn in for Jason. My question is on cereal. You mentioned focused advertising that communicates the benefits of cereal as an overall category, but much of the recent market share weakness that your brand is seeing has to do with promotional intensity from your primary competitor, which, in a recent Nielsen data we're looking at, you're not currently matching. So when you talk about reinvestment, how do you balance the need for tactical pricing adjustment versus advertising on overall category and versus innovation?
John A. Bryant: I sit back and look at the cereal category. It's always an intensively competitive category. And I don't believe it's any more competitive today or any less than it has been historically. So I think the category is fundamentally rational. When you look at what drives this category, again, it's health and wellness, brand building, innovation, great food. It's not constantly driving down prices. Empirically, you go back to 1996 and 2010, when prices came down in the category, the category did not grow. So we are focused on driving our business the right way. We are and will remain competitive in the category, and what you see from time to time is the natural ebbs and flows of competitive activity. So for example, we have a little bit less activity out there in January relative to January last year, but we have a strong Olympics program in February. So I'm not sure what data specifically you're looking at, but be careful not to overreact to short-term movements in data from 1 month to the next in the category.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So there's been some commentary about Millennials being less loyal to big, established brands than older consumers. I'm thinking specifically in snack bars. We're seeing the rise of some niche brands in there, which is a reversal of previous trends over the last several years. Does that make it harder for Kellogg to gain share over time, and would you consider acquiring some of those niche brands to bolster growth over time and shift the portfolio into a faster-growing product?
John A. Bryant: So Alexia, I think we would look at that from all angles. Firstly, if there is something that is interesting to acquire, as you've seen in the past, we have done that. I think also, as I said before, in the Desire, Decide, Delight continuum, we have an opportunity to invest some more money back in the Delight side, in other words, invest more money back into food. I think what you're seeing sometimes in Millennials is not so much lack of brand loyalty as they're looking for different food values, and some of the pre-existing businesses don't always meet their needs. And so within our portfolio, we need to have choice. We have some great brands in the portfolio that do lean towards those Millennials, and I think in those brands, we need to ensure the food really is meeting their requirements.
Operator: Your final question will come from Chris Growe from Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I had a question for you, John, in relation to your revenue growth in 2014. I guess as a global comment, do you expect cereal sales to grow? Or maybe I'm just trying to get the balance between cereal and snacks growth in '14 and maybe how those investments could benefit the cereal category throughout the year.
John A. Bryant: We will have elements of cereal growth throughout the year. So as I said, for example, in Asia-Pacific, we're seeing some good growth outside of the market, like Australia. As we think about the big, developed supermarkets, which is where we have our challenges right now, I think for very similar, consistent reasons, we need to talk more about the nutritional benefits of cereal to our consumers in those markets. While I'm excited about the plans we have for 2014, as we set the guidance we've set, we're going to be pragmatic that I expect those categories and, quite frankly, ourselves in those categories, to be down year-on-year slightly, low single digits. And because those big, developed markets are such a big percentage of the cereal business, that means it's going to be a drag on our cereal sales in the year. Obviously, we're driving to have a better performance in U.S. Snacks in 2014. And we are having tremendous success with Pringles, which will continue to help drive our snacks business, as well as some of wholesome snacks offerings we have globally. So I do expect a better performance out of the snacks business and the cereal business in 2014. Long term, I'm very confident in the potential growth of the cereal category and our cereal business, but I think it's best to be pragmatic as we look in 2014 around that business specifically.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And just to follow on that, as you talk about these investments in the category and reiterating the category -- the important aspects of the category to the consumer, is that happening now, or is that more about in the future as you get these savings coming through? Are you making the brand message to consumer now is my question.
John A. Bryant: It's really more Q2, Q3 of 2014. And that's not due to savings. That's just due to when the programs are ready and the best time to put them into the year given other calendar events. For example, the Olympics is sitting right in February. So we need separation between activation, so we don't submerge and confuse the message to consumers. And now if I could take a moment to make some concluding remarks. First, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We faced a difficult environment in 2013 in developed regions, and we expect that this will continue in 2014. However, as I've highlighted today, we have plans to address this. In fact, over the last couple of years, we've made significant strides with our broader strategy, which hasn't changed, and the plans we've talked about today fit in well with this strategy. We improved our supply chain organization. We completed the successful acquisition of Pringles, which has exceeded our expectations and has provided us with a global snacks platform. We announced and started to implement Project K, a 4-year efficiency and effectiveness program and the largest in the company's history. And we're developing and investing in ideas that will drive growth in the future. We recognize the challenges that we have, and we're taking meaningful actions that will begin to address them. This will be a journey and will require a lot of work, so I'm sure that we're making the right decisions now to drive growth in the future. And as we continue this journey, I'd again like to say thank you to all the Kellogg employees around the world. They will make all the difference, and it's their hard work that will drive our success. Thank you.
Simon Burton: Okay. Thanks, everybody, for joining today. We'll be available for follow-up as you need us. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-04 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon Burton - Executive Officer of Snacks business unit John A. Bryant - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Alistair D. Hirst - Senior Vice President of Global Supply Chain
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Todd Duvick - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. Thank you. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Simon Burton, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference.
Simon Burton: Thanks, Emily. And good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for a review of our third quarter 2013 results. I'm joined here today by John Bryant, President and CEO; Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer; and Alistair Hirst, Senior Vice President of Global Supply Chain. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, November 7. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. Now I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today, we reported results for the third quarter, and we also announced Project K, a significant multiyear growth and efficiency program. I'll say more about this in a few minutes. Internal sales growth was 0.5% in the quarter, which was below our original expectation. As you've all seen in the public data, center-of-the-store categories in the U.S. continue to see weak consumption data, and it certainly had an effect on our performance. Our operating profit exceeded our expectations, as we saw relatively less pressure in cost of goods and good performance in SG&A. And in addition to this, we also benefited below the line and posted comparable earnings of $0.95 per share, which was ahead of our estimate. This is the first full quarter that Pringles is in the base, and the integration is now largely complete. The business continued to perform well in Q3, and we saw double-digit sales growth in Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific. While sales were slower in the U.S. as a result of comparisons to last year, consumption continued to be strong. So we've managed the situation well in the third quarter and delivered good operating profit and earnings results, although our net sales performance was a little softer than we had expected. Project K is a natural next step in the evolution of our company. To put this initiative into context, let's turn to Slide 4 and a review of our strategy, which we announced in early 2011. We remain focused on 4 key areas: Cereal, Snacks, Frozen Foods and emerging markets, and these areas will receive even more attention as a result of Project K. First of all, we have large core Cereal businesses that have long-term growth potential, and we are committed to driving these categories and our global share leadership. These businesses are always competitive. We must stay focused on investing in growth and competing effectively. We've faced some challenges in the last couple of years, but we know that proven ideas, investment in our brands and good in-store execution drive our categories and fuel our sustainable growth operating principle. Secondly, we are committed to becoming a global player in Snacks, and the acquisition of Pringles accelerated this transition. Pringles brought with it expertise that we can leverage and opportunities that we can unlock across the organization. With the integration largely behind us, we believe that we can more fully leverage these opportunities. Third, we have a large and growing Frozen Food business in North America. And finally, we have the opportunity to further expand our footprint in developing and emerging markets. Project K will enable us to invest in our brands and execute our strategy. Now let's go into the project in more detail; specifically, how we will drive efficiency and effectiveness, the size of the opportunity and our reinvestment priorities, starting with Slide 5. We've always had a focus on continuous improvement as a company. Project K is an opportunity to step back from our business and identify larger structural efficiency and effectiveness opportunities. And as a result of this review, we have found opportunities in 4 areas. First, the project will drive a more global structure by creating and empowering global category teams and regional hubs. Second, it will build capabilities and drive functional efficiencies. Third, it will build the global supply chain of the future, focusing on optimizing our infrastructure, including the consolidation of certain sites and production lines, as Alistair will discuss in a minute. And finally, it will implement a global business service model, which will streamline our end-to-end transactional processes. Let's turn to Slide 6, which shows the financial highlights of the plan and gives you some idea of its scale. We expect that total cumulative pretax charges over the life of the program will be between $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion, with approximately 2/3 coming in supply chain. Of this total, $17 million was recognized in the third quarter of 2013, and we expect that we'll recognize between $175 million and $200 million for the full year, or approximately $0.35 to $0.40 per share. Savings in 2013 are expected to be minimal. Project K is designed to decrease long-term structural costs, and therefore, it will take some time to realize the benefits fully. As a result, we expect pretax charges in 2014 to be higher than we'll see in later years and savings to be lower. We'll give you more detail on the Q4 call when we give full year 2014 guidance. We'll also give you more clarity on capital expenditure on the fourth quarter call, but our initial estimates are that CapEx will be between 4% and 5% of sales for the next couple of years. We anticipate that pretax savings will reach an annual run rate of between $425 million and $475 million by 2018. These savings will also be divided approximately 2/3 to COGS and 1/3 to SG&A, and essentially, all will be cash. As a result, we expect a very good rate of return of approximately 30% from the investment. Finally, we expect that the applicable tax rate for the project will be similar to or slightly below our corporate tax rate. As you can see, this is a significant initiative and is one that will drive our sustainable growth operating model over time. Let's turn to Slide 7 and our priorities for reinvestment. Our investment is aligned with the strategy I reviewed earlier. First, we will reinvest in brand building in our core Cereal businesses. For example, we've got some great ideas for supporting our strongest brand, Kellogg's, in the Cereal category in developed markets and around the world. We will also increase investment in developing and emerging markets, where we have even greater growth potential. This will include investing in brand building, capacity and increased R&D resources. And we'll also invest in global category teams, which will enable faster development and implementation of category growth initiatives. And finally, on our increased investment in brand building. We know that brand building and innovation drive our categories. This will include traditional advertising, but we'll also focus on increasing levels of digital engagement with consumers and other areas where we've validated the returns. And we'll also drive better in-store execution to bring our programs to life in store. Now let me turn it over to Ron for some financial details on the quarter.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Slide 8 shows our performance for the quarter and year-to-date periods. These results exclude charges for Project K. Internal sales increased by 0.5 points. As John mentioned, our sales were lower than expected in some developed markets, particularly in the U.S., as you've seen in the consumption data. However, we did see good internal sales growth in all the other regions of the world, with Europe up 3.3%, Asia-Pacific up 2.9% and Latin America up 6.7%. Underlying internal operating profit increased by 0.6 point. These results include mid-single-digit growth in advertising; cost inflation, net of productivity, consistent with our expectations; and cost containment, which drove savings in certain areas of SG&A that exceeded our expectations. Comparable earnings per share, which excludes integration costs and the impact of Project K, were $0.95 per share, ahead of our expectations due to the SG&A cost containment, a lower tax rate and a lower currency headwind. Comparable growth was 2.2%. Now let's turn to Slide 9, which shows the quarter's sales growth. Reported sales declined slightly, but internal sales growth was 0.5 points, with Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Europe all contributing good growth, as I mentioned earlier. Internal volumes declined slightly, driven by the softer category sales we mentioned in the U.S. However, Asia-Pacific, Europe and Latin America all posted volume growth, and all of the regions posted good improvement in price mix in the quarter. The impact of currency translation reduced sales growth by 0.6 points in the quarter. We expected our sales growth to improve as we progressed through the second half due to the innovation launched at the end of the second quarter and increased consumer marketing. Our innovation is doing well, but other parts of our portfolio, specifically within U.S. Cereal and U.S. Snacks, are softer than planned. Slide 10 shows the shape of the net inflation over the second half of the year. As expected, we saw some cost inflation net of productivity improvements in the third quarter. This followed a period in the first half of the year when we saw significant inflation. The inflation was the largest driver of margin performance in the quarter, but we also saw reduced operating leverage resulting from the slower sales growth. Our underlying reported gross margin declined by 20 basis points, a sequential improvement from Q2, due to the lower cost inflation I mentioned and the fact that Pringles is now completely included in last year's base. As we've said before, we have good visibility into our cost structure for the fourth quarter, and we still expect net deflation. But we are seeing some adverse impact from lower operating leverage due to softer sales in the U.S. Slide 11 shows the quarterly underlying internal operating profit performance for each of the regions. As a reminder, the operating profit growth on the chart excludes charges for Project K. Underlying internal operating profit for the total company increased by 0.6 points, which was ahead of expectations and included a mid-single-digit increase in investment in advertising. North America's underlying internal operating profit decreased by 0.7 points. This was driven by sales declines in Morning Foods and Snacks, combined with increased investment in advertising, and was partially offset by cost containment measures. We expect fourth quarter sales to remain challenged in North America, but we're developing plans to invest behind our categories and improve in-store execution. Underlying internal operating profit declined by 3.8% in Europe. This included a double-digit increase in advertising. We've invested behind innovation, and we restaged Special K across much of the region. That and a strong program on Pringles contributed to the significant increase in support in the third quarter. In addition, we invested upfront costs in several efficiency initiatives in the region to drive future savings. Excluding these upfront costs, Europe's profit growth was more than 2%. Underlying internal operating profit in Latin America increased by almost 24% due to the strong sales growth and lower SG&A. And in Asia-Pacific, we saw an increase in underlying internal operating profit of 2.3%, driven primarily by sales growth and lower SG&A. Slide 12 shows our cash flow performance. Cash flow from operations before capital spending was $1,389,000,000 over the first 3 quarters of the year. This was an increase of $14 million over the same period last year. Capital spending in the year-to-date period was $363 million, an increase of more than $100 million over last year. This was in line with our expectations, and we still expect spending for the full year to be slightly more than 4% of sales. Our cash flow performance is tracking in line with our plan to deliver $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion for the full year, and we've decreased debt levels by approximately $900 million since the acquisition of Pringles. Now let's look at Slide 13 and an update of our full year guidance. As a result of the slower sales growth we saw in the U.S., we expect that reported sales growth will be approximately 4% to 5%. This is lower than our previous guidance of approximately 5%. And we expect that underlying earnings per share will be at the lower end of the $3.75 to $3.84 range we showed you last quarter. Our estimate for full year cost inflation remains approximately 5%, and the estimate for cost savings remains around 4%. And as I mentioned, we still expect to see net deflation in the fourth quarter. This deflation, combined with lower SG&A costs, contributes to the strong comparable earnings growth we expect in the fourth quarter. Gross margin for the full year, excluding the impact of Project K, will be down approximately 100 basis points with the decline split equally between the impact of dilution from Pringles and performance of the base business. Slide 14 shows a bit more detail regarding our full year earnings guidance. As you can see, previous guidance, including the impact of currency but excluding integration costs, was $3.75 to $3.84 per share. We're still in that range, although, as you can see, currencies have improved by $0.03, which has been offset by sales softness. So we continue to be in the range but toward the lower end. We also expect to recognize approximately $0.35 to $0.40 of charges this year related to Project K. This charge will not have a material cash impact in 2013. We estimate that approximately 85% of the 2013 charge will be in cost of goods sold and the remainder will be in SG&A. When we provide guidance for next year on the fourth quarter call, we will give you visibility into the costs associated with Project K for 2014. Now let's turn to Slide 15. We now expect that the full year tax rate will be approximately 29%, and we estimate that interest expense will still be between $230 million and $240 million. As I mentioned, we also continue to expect annual cash flow to be between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion, including Project K. Total capital spending, including the additional capital we need due to the growth of Pringles, will be slightly more than 4% of sales, consistent with previous guidance. We continue to expect that integration costs related to the acquisition of Pringles will be between $0.12 and $0.14 per share and synergies to be toward the high end of our $50 million to $75 million range for the year. And finally, note that our earnings per share guidance excludes the impact of adjustments for mark-to-market for commodities and pensions, integration costs and Project K costs. And now I'll turn it over to Alistair for a discussion on our supply chain.
Alistair D. Hirst: Thank you, Ron, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start off today with a couple of slides that I showed you last November at the Analyst Day in Chicago. The first is Slide 17 and our vision for supply chain. We have a highly capable team delivering high-quality food and delighting consumers and customers. The key for us is that we do all these with a low-cost supply chain, and we've made great progress over the last couple of years in these areas, as I mentioned in November. Importantly, the Project K program we announced today will help us achieve our goals in a number ways, which I'll discuss in more detail in a minute. Now if you'll turn to Slide 18, you'll see another familiar slide. The Right to Play was our focus in 2012 as we looked to drive improvement in 4 fundamentals: food safety, people safety, customer service and financial excellence. We've made significant progress in all these areas and built a dependable foundation for the organization, and Project K will enable us to do even more. Next is the Right to Win, which involves a number of goals, including the implementation of Kellogg Work Systems, or KWS. KWS is very important to us, as it helps to drive 0 waste using a standard operating model while improving employee involvement, and it's even more important to us now as we begin Project K. In fact, having KWS in place is one of the major differences between Project K and other cost reduction programs. And finally on this slide, Right to Lead. We want to be dependable, but we also want to be agile and able to manage complexity. We want to enable sales growth while maintaining a focus on profitability, and we want to do all these while maintaining the safety of our food and our people and while remaining responsive to our customer. Project K is an enabler of the work that needs to be done for us to achieve this vision. Slide 19 is a reminder of some of the financial goals that are part of the company's operating model. As you know, we target between 3% and 4% productivity improvement each year. That's a significant commitment by the supply chain organization and is one that we've got a great track record of achieving, and that commitment will continue even as we progress through the multiyear Project K initiative. Our long-term target is for capital expenditure of between 3% and 4% of sales. And over the last couple of years, we've increased the amount of investment in growth. This is the trend that we intend to continue in the future. It is worth noting that over the next couple of years, Project K will likely increase the overall level of capital expenditure to between 4% and 5% of sales. And finally, I've also put the impact of Project K on the slide. This is the total amount of savings we expect from the program, not just supply chain's contribution, although supply chain's contribution is meaningful. The important thing to note here is that the $425 million to $475 million in annual savings is incremental because it's largely coming from structural cost opportunities. It will be achieved in addition to our normal run rate of productivity, which is driven by continuous improvement programs. Now let's turn to Slide 20 and a few specifics of our Project K and the supply chain organization. As you can see, we have 3 main goals: aligning the network, organizing the supply chain for success and implementing global business services. Let me talk briefly about each. First, we must properly align the network to the realities of the marketplace and the requirements of our customers. This means making sure that we have the right infrastructure, including the right number of plants, the right kind and number production lines and that they're in the right locations. And obviously, we need to anticipate future needs while designing the network. So all of this will lead to the consolidation of certain sites and production lines and the relocation of others. It is never an easy process, but it's one that is necessary for the long-term health of the business. Secondly, we will organize a supply chain structure for success. This will allow us to do more with less through the use of more standardized processes and a more streamlined organization. A small and more agile team will lead to less complexity and will allow us to be more responsive to the needs of our customer and the changing competitive landscape. As you can imagine, this will involve the move to regional hubs, which will put resources closer to the plants. And finally, we will implement global business services. This is the transformation of common processes or services that are currently being addressed by different functions in various regions. This will be a multiyear process, but we're already driving other significant transformations that will improve our procurement and engineering functions and also our core manufacturing network, as we highlighted at the analyst meeting. We're 1 year into the transformation, and procurement is already providing 1.5x the lift over traditional level of savings. Successful sourcing of low-cost engineering solutions is driving change in the operating model, and as a result, we're getting more for each dollar we spend. These improvements have been significant contributors to our 3% to 4% savings goals. This process will lead to reduced complexity and increased efficiency and will be the main driver of the Right to Lead initiative that I mentioned earlier. So finally, on Slide 21, a couple of words on Project K in general. Project K is a very different kind of efficiency and effective program. The primary source of savings will be from consolidating facilities and eliminating excess capacity. It will not be from reducing headcount in our operating plants. It is designed to drive a more effective organization. It will reduce complexity while increasing our ability to execute, and we will maintain the levels of empowerment we've worked so hard to develop in supply chain. In addition, this isn't a program limited to the supply chain organization; rather, supply chain is just one part of the initiative. Project K is a commitment by the whole company and is a major step toward achieving our broader goals. So I hope that you can see the potential we have in supply chain to support the company while on that journey. This is not an easy process, but it is essential if we are going to recognize our potential and meet our strategic goals. And with that, I'll now turn it back over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Alistair. Now let's turn to Slide 22 and some detail regarding each of our businesses, starting with U.S. Morning Foods and Cereal. Both category and Kellogg's consumption were slightly lower than expected in the quarter. We're lapping strong share gain comparisons of 0.4 points in 2012, partially as a result of our strong Olympics-related program, and our share also grew by 0.5 points in the third quarter of 2011. So part of this quarter's performance was due to comps. However, we did experience a slower-than-expected recovery in our Kashi brand and continued challenges in the adult segment of the portfolio. Our shipment performance was also lower than expected due to reduced trade inventories. In fact, we ended the quarter at the lowest level of trade inventories in the last 4 years. As we've discussed over the course of the year, we have launched innovation aimed at providing the progressive nutrition that older consumers are seeking. Raisin Bran did well as a result of the new Raisin Bran with Omega-3 and strong support from a healthy dividends campaign. Rice Krispies is also included in the healthy dividends campaign and also posted sales growth. And Special K Protein, which we launched last year, also posted sales growth and share gains in the quarter as consumers continue to seek new sources of protein. Obviously, we need to do more to provide innovative nutrition, and we have plans for 2014 that will help us continue to address this broad consumer trend, including the introduction of new organic Kashi cereals, which include grains such as quinoa and some of which are gluten free. As you know, we launched our new Special K Nourish Hot Cereals at midyear, and they are off to a good start, although it's still early. We're seeing strong sales growth recently, as the advertising support just began, and we have good brand building and merchandising support planned for the rest of the year. We also launched drinkable breakfast products at midyear, and we've seen encouraging initial results. ACV on these products is good, and we're on target to meet expectations. We're excited about this opportunity and some others as we focus more on the On the Go segment. We have additional activity planned for next year, as this is a segment that has strong potential through the convenience and portability of the products. We have other great programs planned for 2014 as well. You'll remember our successful Kellogg's masterbrand advertising from the Summer Olympics last year, and we're pleased to be sponsoring the Winter Olympics next February. This will include strong activation across the portfolio and be followed in March with additional programs. And finally for Morning Foods, Pop-Tarts had another excellent quarter as consumption increased by more than 7%. The Peanut Butter Pop-Tarts innovation we launched a few months ago is continuing to do very well, with good share and sales performance. Now let's turn to Slide 23, which shows internal net sales performance of the U.S. Snacks segment. Internal sales in the cracker business declined in the quarter, although we saw good performance from our big 3 cracker brands, which posted consumption growth of 6% in combination. Our overall performance was the result of lower end market support and the impact of Special K Cracker Chips. Cracker Chips posted a sales decline due to difficult comparisons to the third quarter of last year resulting from the introduction of Popcorn Chips. The 2 cracker innovations that we launched early in Q3 are both doing well. Town House Pita has gained good share and is also having a positive impact on the growth of base Town House. And Cheez-It Zings saw a good share performance and benefited from a broader Cheez-It Game Day sponsorship in September of this year. The cookie business posted a decline in the quarter. As we saw in the cracker business, some of the innovations that we launched recently, including Keebler Simply Made cookies, are off to a good start, and the total Keebler brand posted sales growth in the quarter. The wholesome snacks business was approximately flat in the quarter, as growth in the new Special K Pastry Crisps and Nutri-Grain Crunch bars was partially offset by lower sales of core Special K and Kashi bars. Our Pringles business posted good consumption growth of approximately 3% in the third quarter, and it's worth noting that this performance was lapping very difficult comparisons from the third quarter of last year. We're optimistic about the fourth quarter's results due to the continued success of Pringles Stix and the launch of exciting innovation planned for introduction later in the quarter. As a reminder, Pringles is also a warehouse-delivered product and, similar to Cereal, saw a significant trade inventory reduction in the quarter. So while we saw consumption growth in the quarter, shipments were down at a mid-single-digit rate. So the innovation we've launched in the Snacks business in the second half has done well, but our results have been disappointing. And as we've said before, we expect that the environment will remain difficult in the near term, but the team is doing a lot of work, and we expect that the business will improve over time. Now let's look to Slide 24, and that's sales performance of the U.S. Specialty segment. As you can see, this business posted internal net sales growth of 6% in the third quarter. Growth was the result of distribution gains and a strong performance of Eggo and Nutri-Grain in the K-12 school business. In addition, the Foodservice business gained share in the cereal, cracker and health and wellness categories during the quarter, and we've also launched breakfast drinks in some of these channels. And Pringles continued its strong year-to-date performance with a double-digit net sales increase in Specialty Channels in the third quarter. Slide 25 shows detail regarding the North America Other segment, which includes the Canadian and U.S. Frozen Food businesses. The segment posted an internal sales increase of 0.3% in the quarter. Internal net sales declined in the Frozen Foods business, as we're lapping very difficult double-digit comps in the third quarter of last year as a result of strong growth in both the Eggo brand and the veggie food business. Special K Flatbread Sandwiches, which were launched in the third quarter of last year, continue to perform well and drove growth in Q3 this year. And we recently launched a new Deluxe Egg and Cheese variety. We continue to see good performance from Eggo Thick & Fluffy and Wafflers, which provide the benefits of portability and convenience. The burger segment of our veggie food business posted solid growth, and innovation in other segments also contributed. And in Canada, we saw low single-digit sales growth in the quarter. Pringles gained category share, as did the Canadian Frozen Food business as a result of the launch of Special K Flatbreads and Eggo Minis. And in Snacks, we gained share in the wholesome snacks segment as a result of innovation. Now let's turn to Slide 26 and our international businesses. Internal net sales increased by 2.9% in Asia-Pacific. The Australian business posted low single-digit internal sales growth. The Indian, Southeast Asian and Pringles businesses all posted good rates of growth in the period. In fact, Pringles grew at a double-digit rate. We launched Pringles in a smaller can in Southeast Asia, and the early signs have been encouraging. Kellogg Europe posted internal net sales growth of 3.3% in the third quarter. Western Europe grew as distribution of our new Nutri-Grain handheld breakfast products increased on the continent, and Pringles posted great results as the successful summer commercial program resonated with the consumers. We also made progress with the relaunch of Special K in the region and are seeing improving trends. Obviously, Southern Europe remains challenging, given the difficult economic conditions there. And in Latin America, we saw strong internal net sales growth of 6.7% in the quarter. Central America, Venezuela, Brazil, Argentina, Chile and the Pringles business all posted growth. In fact, the Pringles business grew at double-digit rate. The economic environment in Mexico continues to be difficult, although we have achieved good share positions in the Cereal category in recent public data. Also, around the region, we've launched innovation, including new Zucaritas and Choco Krispies in Central America and Special K and Nutri-Grain in Puerto Rico. So to summarize, we saw good operating profit and earnings performance in the third quarter. However, we did see weaker top line growth than we were expecting, and some of our categories remain challenging. We're working hard to improve this performance, and an important step is the announcement of Project K. This is a major initiative for us, and we're excited by the opportunities we see for the investment and increased growth. Now I'll open up to questions before coming back with a brief summary.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So on Project K, I was curious about goals around advertising as a percent of sales and new product development as a percent of sales. Is there anything you can tell us about where you're at right now, where you might be going on either of those metrics?
John A. Bryant: Alexia, we haven't provided guidance on those specific metrics. And as we look at reinvestment back in the business, the reinvestments, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, in 2014, are really focused on our core Cereal business and making some investments in emerging markets, as well as some capabilities within the business. We haven't set reinvestment for 2015, '16 and '17. Obviously, as we go along, we'll determine the best place to make those reinvestments. But at this stage, the primary focus of our reinvestment is to stabilize and rebuild momentum in our core businesses. We believe we do that through brand building, innovation, nutrition over time. That's where we're focusing. So we would expect to continue to improve our brand building as a percent of sales as we go forward.
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Lazar, Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John, I remember -- I think it was this past February at CAGNY where -- I think it was during the Q&A, and it was right after all the 3G announcements and things, where you had mentioned some of the discussions you'd had with the board around giving them a sense of what the implications were of some of the news at the time. And one of things that you came away with was if food companies left opportunities on the table, then it was more likely that others would take advantage of those opportunities for you. And I'm trying to get a sense, is some of this basically getting after, more aggressively, some of those opportunities? And do you view this as more offensive in -- based on where you benchmark, this gets you sort of ahead of where peers might be, or somewhat more defensive around it just gets you to catch up to where your benchmarking says others are?
John A. Bryant: Andrew, first, this is just the natural evolution, the next step in our strategy. If you look back over the last few years, in 2011, we reinvested back in our supply chain, and that part of our business has been performing incredibly well ever since. And in fact, the investments that we made at that time are now enabling us to do some of the Project K initiatives. Then we come forward from that, and we acquired Pringles, which enabled us to become, truly, a global player in Snacks. And we reimplemented SAP at the same time. As we come into 2013, 2014, we challenged ourselves to step back from the business and look for structural cost opportunities that we can retake and reinvest back in our business to drive the momentum and the brand building investment that we need to drive to get ourselves back on track. And that's really what we're doing here. It really has nothing to do with 3G highs. It just happens to be occurring at a similar point in time. It's all about investing in our strategies we took you through before and setting ourselves up for the future.
Operator: The next question is from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, I guess, it seems like the free cash flow impact is pretty significant between the cash cost to the restructuring and the raised CapEx. Is that fair, and is that -- like kind of, what are the implications to that in terms of your share repo or dividend growth rates? Maybe you could just touch on that, and then I have some follow-up.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Eric. First, recall what I said was that the cash impact in 2013 is going to be relatively minimal. As you can appreciate, there are some cash investments upfront associated with capital and the other investments we're making to generate savings as well, and then the cash savings will build or improve over time. And as a foundation, we do generate strong cash within the business. But we do expect that our debt levels could increase up to $0.5 billion over the next 2 to 3 years. Now we are working on an initiative in accounts payable, and this isn't embedded at this point in time, that might provide us some cash benefit. In terms of impact to our dividend and share repurchase programs, we do not expect any impact at this point in time. Instead, we expect the debt levels to go up slightly.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, John, is there any sense -- I realize you're kind of putting this together, but I think it was mentioned that a lot of the savings here were supposed to be incremental, but obviously, the competitive environment is more difficult. So is it fair to say, on the back of this, that your long-term growth targets on the bottom line of high single-digit performance growth is unchanged?
John A. Bryant: Yes, Eric, at this stage, we're making no changes to our long-term growth guidance: high single-digit EPS.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And last one, I guess maybe to Alistair, or John, maybe you want to take it. But obviously, K-LEAN was quite, in some respects, damaging to the company. Why is this one different, and why should investors have faith that Project K is going to be a much better outcome than the challenges that K-LEAN ultimately resulted?
Alistair D. Hirst: First, let me say that it's not just a supply chain initiative, as we just laid out. So 2/3 of it, yes, will be delivered by supply chain, but it's an enterprise-wide initiative. It's also over 4 years. And so that gives us the ability, particularly for the supply chain part, to appropriately plan, resource, phase and pace each part of the project. It's also across the global supply chain network, so allowing us to leverage our global resource base and not being biased to one particular region or particular business units. The project gets its structural fixed cost in our underutilized asset base over the 4 years. So that's one of the big differences to the previous K-LEAN initiatives, which, really, was a wide-ranging headcount reduction within the plants. So this is very targeted to assets, to lines and to plants. And while that's very difficult, it's the right thing to do to be driving our long-term growth. So it is a very different point of entry from the previous initiatives that we've carried out as a company.
Operator: Our next question is from Thilo Wrede of Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: John, the center-of-the-store packaged food universe has been weak for quite a while now, and it seems to continue to be weak. What gives you the confidence that the investments that you make with Project K can change that, especially when you look at what you said in your prepared remarks: the innovation did well, but the underlying -- or the core business didn't do well? So your innovation and the promotions and advertising that come with it just seem to cannibalize the existing business that you have. So why would Project K change that trajectory?
John A. Bryant: I think, if you look at our business right now, we're actually seeing some good growth in the international businesses. We're seeing some good growth here in the U.S. in specialty and in our Frozen Foods business over a period of time. The real challenge for us, really, is in Morning Foods and in Snacks. And in fact, within Snacks, the categories are doing okay. We have an opportunity to be more competitive and so invest more behind that business. On Cereal, we were growing Cereal low single digits across most of the 2000s. We did that when driving the adult portion of the portfolio. We had Kashi and Special K firing at all cylinders, and I think we can get back to that situation again. I wouldn't say the 2000s was a period of high growth within the packaged food business within center store either, but we've demonstrated the ability to grow that business low single digit in a number of different environments, and I think we can get back to that in the future.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: But just to pick up on your example of Snacks, again, it seems like your innovation is cannibalizing the existing business that you have. How can you avoid that going forward?
John A. Bryant: If you look at the innovation on Cheez-It and Town House in Snacks in the third quarter, it's actually driving both of those businesses, with Cheez-It up about 5%, 6% and Town House actually up 20% in the third quarter. So we are seeing some good growth there. I think, if anything, the issue that we have on Snacks is the Special K Cracker Chips were such a big innovation last year, it's hard to sustain that. That size, that's coming down a little bit. That's weighing upon the -- on the Snacks business. So I think the trick here on innovation is to ensure the innovation is sustainable and to invest behind it over time. To invest behind it over time, you need more brand building. Hence, Project K gives us the funding to keep the brand building behind the innovation to sustain it in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question is from David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Well, first off, the program, from my point of view, seems like a good response to the environment, so congratulations on that announcement. I want to ask a little bit about the fourth quarter. Specifically, when I just look at kind of what's implied by the guidance, to get to the low end of your sales range, you have to have a fairly sizable decline in total revenues in the fourth quarter to get to the full year minus 4%. I think fourth quarter has to be -- sorry, for the full year to be up 4%, you have to have, I think, minus 4% in the fourth quarter. If I've done my math right, can you just talk a little bit about how that will work its way through the different divisions? I almost feel like it's got to be negative growth across every one of your major geographies, just given the size of that figure. So can you spend a moment and talk about Q4?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, David. Remember, we guided sales at a range of 4% to 5%, down from the approximate 5% that we guided in the third quarter. So as we looked at our year-to-date performance, we synced up or adjusted Q4 to be more in line. So we are expecting internal growth in sales in the fourth quarter. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we do see some challenges, particularly in the U.S., around our U.S. Cereal business and the Snacks business, but we're making the appropriate actions to get those back on track in the future. And then when you look at the growth from an operating profit and earnings per share standpoint, I think it's important to understand that we have the internal sales growth we're expecting, consistent with our year-to-date trends, and that we have the net deflation as well, which is providing a benefit to us in cost structure. It's allowing us to get confidence in our operating profit and earnings per share expectations.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If I just follow up, though, your guidance is on reported net sales, and you just were talking about internal net sales. If you hit the bottom end of that reported net sales number, your year-to-date number is like plus 6%.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Don't forget there's a little currency headwind as well in the fourth quarter, David.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: How big is that?
Ronald L. Dissinger: The currency headwind's a little less than 1 point.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Final question for me is just on brand building. What's your full year expectations? And then, have you changed your fourth quarter brand building plans?
John A. Bryant: David, on the advertising for the year, we expect advertising to essentially be flat year-on-year. It's up if you include the Pringles acquisition, but if you back out the Pringles acquisition, it's essentially flat. Within that, obviously, we have efficiency programs. We believe the underlying performance of the program is actually up, but in absolute dollars, it's relatively flat year-on-year.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I think on the second quarter call, you had discussed some innovation in Europe coming to market in the back half of the year. As I think about the pacing of the top line in Europe, it was pretty impressive this quarter. How should we look at the impact of that innovation on 3Q versus 4Q? In other words, was there anything in terms of temporary sell-ins, promotions, et cetera, that may have affected the timing of shipments versus consumption this period in Europe?
John A. Bryant: Well, Ken, I think we're very pleased with the European performance in the third quarter. I think this represents now 3 quarters of growth over the last 4 in what's a very, very difficult environment in Europe. The big driver of the European performance in the third quarter was actually Pringles behind a very strong summer promotion program as opposed to a sell-in behind innovation on the breakfast side of the business. Having said that, I don't think we'll have the same level of growth in the fourth quarter as we had in the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I had a question for you on Project K. And I want to understand, as you look ahead, even looking out to the end of the program or later years of the program, do you expect any of these savings to benefit the bottom line, where you actually would have these savings benefiting earnings? And maybe related to that, in the short run, is there a heavier level of reinvestment that you want to get at, maybe it's in 2014 or even '15, relative to the savings that come through from the program? Will there be a timing differential there, essentially?
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Chris. Our goal with this program is to reinvest back in our business and to gain momentum in our business and get back on our sustainable growth model, and we'll continue to reinvest back in the business until we see that happen. And so I think that's going to be over the next few years. So I think it's very hard for us to predict today what might be happening in 2017, 2018. We haven't given 2014 guidance yet. We'll do that in the fourth quarter conference call. It is fair to say, because these are structural cost changes, they take time to execute and see the savings come through, so the 2014 savings will be meaningfully lower than the normal run rate of savings that we'll achieve in later years.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I had a follow-up question, if I could, or a second question on the lower inventory levels you mentioned being at very low levels -- I think it was in the U.S. was the reference. I wondered, are you likely to hold at those levels, just given the sluggishness of the category? Will retailers hold less inventory in this environment because of that?
John A. Bryant: We are planning to hold at those low inventories, so we haven't built into expectations inventories jump back up again, but they are unusually low at the end of the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow of Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, 2 questions. John, I was wondering, in U.S. Cereal, if I exclude Pop-Tarts and the beverage business, can I assume that U.S. Cereal was down about 5% or so? And how much of that is due to the tough comp to year-ago Summer Olympics? And then the other part of the question is -- when you had K-LEAN, I remember there was a 3-year executive performance plan that was entirely based on executing K-LEAN. And I think what happens is, if you incentivize executives to cut costs, they will cut costs. And I wanted to know how Project K is going to be integrated into your 3-year program. Have you learned from that experience?
John A. Bryant: Rob, if I come back to your first question about the performance of the Cereal business, I think the category is down around 3% to 4%, and our consumption is down around 5%. So I think if we hadn't had the Olympics in the year prior, we probably would have done in line with, if not better than, the underlying category. So that's what's going on in terms of the numbers within Cereal. On the executive compensation and Project K, we do not have an executive compensation program beyond our normal compensation programs. Our normal compensation programs focus on net sales, operating profit, cash flow, both in the year which we're in, as well as on a 3-year period. And I believe those programs are consistent to drive the right motivation and behavior behind executing Project K flawlessly.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So there's no change to your EPP related to Project K. It'll be your normal measurements.
John A. Bryant: That is correct.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: John, it sounds like there's a lot of change going on within the organization. I was hoping you could elaborate more with some additional detail, maybe what change Paul is bringing to the organization in his new role; your global category teams, can you elaborate more on the structure, the roles, responsibilities; and then also, on global business services, what services are being folded into this global model?
John A. Bryant: Sure, Jason. Let me take part of the changes in the company over the last few years, and I'll hand it over to Ron to talk about global businesses services. If you step back and look at our company over the last 3 years, we've made some pretty significant changes to our leadership team. We have had a number of very experienced leaders come in from other companies on our international businesses, with an ex-Colgate executive running our Latin American business, ex-Cadbury running our Asia-Pacific business. And with the Pringles acquisition, we also got some great talent into the company, and now we have Chris Hood, who came out of Pringles, running our European business. We feel very good about those changes. At the same time, what we've done is we have eliminated a level in our organization. We've taken out the Kellogg North America and Kellogg International president roles. I think that enables us to execute faster and execute better by just allowing the underlying international area presidents and business unit presidents in North America to make decisions and move quickly. However, we also recognized it's not just bad execution, it's about creating the future of the company. And that's why we created the Chief Growth Officer role. That's Paul Norman's new role. That role has, reporting to it, the 2 global category teams that I mentioned this morning, as well as the Chief Marketing Officer, the Head of R&D, as well as the Head of Communications for the company. And the objective of that team is really to help us create the future, to create the category plans that will help us drive our Cereal category, drive our Snacks category and step up, and we'll get a longer-term innovation pipeline and idea stream so that we are driving to the future of the business, not just executing as much in the short term. So I believe this is the right structure. It enables us to balance between the need to create the future and deliver today. So they're the primary organizational changes in place. Ron, do you want to talk a little bit about global business services?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Absolutely. So as you're probably aware, Jason, this is not a new concept. A number of other companies have gone down this path. The intent is to create a much more efficient and effective basis for our processes and to standardize those processes across the globe. So some examples of the processes would include thing like purchase-to-pay or procure-to-pay, the order-to-cash process as well. This point in time, there are really 4 functions that are involved in this global business services initiative: finance, human resources, IT and supply chain. Of course, intent is to enable these processes by technology, and we believe that it will set us up with an extraordinarily strong foundation for the future in this area.
Operator: Our next question is from Todd Duvick of Wells Fargo Securities.
Todd Duvick - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You mentioned about the expectation of about $0.5 billion increase in debt to fund Project K. Can you tell us if you expect that to result in your leverage ratio, debt-to-EBITDA being roughly flat as EBITDA grows and if you expect there to be much of an impact on your credit rating long term?
Ronald L. Dissinger: In terms of impact, obviously, we continue to generate very strong cash flow. And our expectation, though debt levels will rise, is to pay down that debt over time and maintain our credit rating at this point.
Todd Duvick - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And do you expect those costs to be front-loaded or loaded more towards 2014 than -- or balanced throughout the course of the program?
Ronald L. Dissinger: It'll be a little bit more front-loaded, which is why I mentioned that we might see our debt levels go up over the next 2 to 3 years by about $0.5 billion. As you can imagine, we're making the investments, both P&L-type investments and capital spending-type investments, more at the front of the program to generate the savings over the 4-year period.
Operator: The next question is from Tim Ramey of Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just an observation. One of the things you did really super well with Kashi over the 10 or 12 years that you've owned it is keep the authenticity to the brand and keep influentials onboard with it. And I was just thinking about the Raisin Bran with flaxseed, which influentials will be quick to say, oh, that's the wrong Omega-3. And I just wonder if that's sort of part of the problem at the center of the grocery store, that we're not sort of honing in on the things that consumers are actually looking for but kind of going for the headline look but not the performance.
John A. Bryant: I guess the good news, Tim, is the Raisin Bran Omega-3 is doing well, and Raisin Bran's in growth behind both that innovation, as well as the broader healthy dividends campaign. So we've demonstrated the ability to engage consumers on that key messaging with those core Kellogg equities such as Raisin Bran. I think on Kashi, you're absolutely right. I mean, Kashi has been a great source of growth over many years, and our opportunity on Kashi is to push it back towards that pioneering nutrition. It became a little bit too mainstream. That's one of the reasons why we have an issue with Kashi right now and why we are innovating more towards those forward-leaning nutritionists, the people who are on the edge of the nutrition, forward thinkers, forward leaners, however you want to describe them. And so parts of our portfolio will do that, and other parts of our portfolio will be more mainstream.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: What makes Kellogg somewhat unique is your portfolio across geographies have a great degree of similarities. So I guess my question is, really, what drove the disparity between international and domestic growth? Was it management issues? Was it product innovation? Was it a change in category dynamics? Am I missing something? Can you just help us out with that? Because it's such a discrepancy between the 2, but yet your portfolios are generally similar across the globe.
John A. Bryant: Well, Ken, I think it has, in part, to do with the development of the markets. So we saw, say, in Latin America and Asia-Pacific, growth in both Cereal and in Snacks. We saw growth in Snacks in Europe but not growth in Cereal. And obviously, we're struggling a little bit here in the U.S. So I think it has to do with the developing, emerging nature of the markets in Latin America and in Asia-Pacific, as well as -- Pringles is a slightly bigger percentage of some of those regions than, we'll just say, in the U.S. So we have some additional Pringles benefit there as well.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So you don't think it's anything with an innovation or a structural issue within the company?
John A. Bryant: No. If anything, I would say that the work we do in Asia-Pacific and Latin America, say, on Cereal is more category-building in nature. And quite frankly, you come back and look at our U.S. Cereal business, I think that's where we have an opportunity to do more category-building work. If you look at the pressures on the U.S. Cereal category, it's actually not so much pressure within the category as pressure from categories around Cereal. I think we, as manufacturers in Cereal, have the opportunity to step up and reengage consumers on why cereal was such a good benefit at the breakfast occasion. I think we can do more of that in the U.S. Quite frankly, we already do that in some of the emerging markets.
Operator: The next question is from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A question related to Project K and your sustainable growth model. I guess, in looking at it -- at the impact from Project K, it just seems like, especially with taking capacity out and closing plants, does it actually make your model a little less volume dependent? I mean, I think one of the things, one of the sort of challenges for Kellogg over the last year or 2 has just been it is a very revenue-dependent, volume-dependent business model, and sales growth has been slow. So I guess, does it give you a little extra flexibility? To the extent that achieving a 3% to 4% revenue growth goal is challenged because the environment is challenged, does this actually give you a little more flexibility than you have currently?
John A. Bryant: Bryan, I think if you look over the next few years, it's likely that our sales growth will probably be a little below that 3% to 4% growth because we're building momentum back into the business. As you go forward and we have the sustainable growth model working the way we want it to work, I think we should be looking at fairly balanced sources of growth between volume, price and mix. Obviously, over the next few years, I think volume will be a little bit harder to come by as we're driving that sustainable growth model and reinvesting back in the business.
Operator: Our last question is from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: John, in terms of the Project K, one of your stated goals here is to reduce excess capacity. Are there any product categories which you would think about in particular where excess capacity exists? Is it fair to say some exists in Cereal?
John A. Bryant: I think it is fair to say that, in a market like North America, we have excess capacity in the Cereal network. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us. Our strategy hasn't changed. As you know, last year, as part of that strategy, we acquired Pringles, which opened up additional opportunities for growth. We have some businesses around the world that are performing well and are gaining category share. We're seeing great results in the Pringles business in an exciting category. We have some great ideas for investing, both in innovation and in brand building, and we have some white spaces in which we can invest and drive new source of growth. We need to pursue the opportunities we have in our existing businesses and categories and in new areas of growth. So as a result, we've announced Project K, a significant growth and efficiency program. With it, we will change the cost structure of the company. We will invest in each of our strategic priorities, and over the long term, we will focus our investment in those areas where we expect to see the most growth in the years to come. This a difficult process, but Project K is a pragmatic program designed to be a catalyst for future growth, and it's the right thing to do for the company over the long term. So as I conclude, I'd just like to say thank you to the Kellogg employees around the world. They are the heart and soul of this company, and it's their hard work that will drive the company's success in the years to come. Thank you.
Simon Burton: Thanks, everyone. We'll be around the rest of the day to have further discussions. Thanks again.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-01 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon Burton - Executive Officer of Snacks business unit John A. Bryant - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Paul T. Norman - Senior Vice President and President Kellogg International
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Lucia von Reusner
Operator: Good morning, welcome to the Kellog Company Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. Thank you. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mr. Simon Burton, Kellog Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference, sir.
Simon Burton: Great, thank you, Mike. Good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today for a review of our second quarter 2013 results. I'm joined here today by John Bryant, President and CEO; Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer; and Paul Norman, President of Kellogg International, who has been primarily focused on stabilizing and turning around our European business over the last year. The press release and slide that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kellogcompany.com. As you're aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, August 5. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for 90 days. And now, I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. As you have seen, today we announced results for the second quarter, which is the final quarter that we will be affected by comparisons to periods before we earned Pringles. Results met our expectations for both operating profit and earnings in the quarter. Underlying reported operating profit increased by 11% and underlying internal operating profit increased by 3.4%. However, sales growth was slower than we expected. As you've seen in recent public consumption data, some of the larger categories in which we compete, particularly in the U.S., saw lower rates of growth in the quarter. We continue to expect good rates of long-term growth from our categories, but we recognize the short-term weakness that we've seen and have taken a pragmatic approach with guidance. We just launched increased levels of innovation that will add to results in the second half, and we're increasing rates of advertising, particularly in the third quarter. So we expect improvement, but realize that it could be a slower process through the balance of the year than we originally expected. We're on track to achieve our guidance for currency-neutral earnings per share as a result of continued good performance from Pringles and the work we've been doing on our cost base. This will allow us to cover the impact of the sales outlook, while continuing to invest in the future growth of the business. This is important as we continue to focus on our margins and plan for further investment in the future. Let's turn to Slide 4 and a quick update on the Pringles acquisition. As you know, we've now owned Pringles for more than a year. So our third quarter 2013 results will be lapping the fourth full [ph] quarter of ownership last year. We've made great progress with the integration. The transition service agreements that we had with Procter & Gamble have now all ended, and the business is operating on Kellogg's systems. This was a major initiative, as this acquisition was a carve-out, which required us to quickly integrate the business into our structure. The entire organization, including the Kellogg business units, the new employees that joined us from Pringles and the transition team, have all done a great job. Thanks too to P&G for all their help throughout the transition. Reported global sales increased in a low double-digit rate in Q2, reflecting a difficult comparison due to pre-close adjustments in the second quarter of last year. However, we saw good underlying rates of consumption growth. For example, consumption in the U.S. increased by approximately 7% in the quarter. And as you know, the business has continued to run smoothly all year. Our sales and marketing execution has been good and the sales growth we've seen has exceeded our expectations. We saw more accretion than we originally anticipated in the first half and we're tracking to the higher end of our synergy range for the full year. This is a great brand with untapped potential. We are increasing innovation and investing in capacity and we have visibility into improving margins over time. So I'd just like to thank everyone involved in the acquisition and the transition for all their hard work. Now I'll turn it over to Ron for a discussion of our financial results.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Slide 5 is a recap of our performance for the quarter and year-to-date. Reported sales growth was 6.9% and internal sales declined by 0.5%. We've owned Pringles from June 1, 2012, so Pringles adds the benefit of 2 months of sales and profits to our reported results. We saw some weakness in several segments in the U.S. and trade inventory declined in several regions around the world. But we had solid results in Latin America, Asia Pacific and in Frozen Foods and Specialty in the U.S. Underlying reported operating profit increased by 10.9%, which included a benefit from lower Pringles integration costs. Underlying internal operating profit, which excludes the impact of the acquisition of Pringles, increased by 3.4%, as we expected, and included the impact of cost inflation net of productivity in our supply chain, as well as effective management of costs and some timing in SG&A. And finally, comparable earnings per share, which excludes integration costs, was $1, in line with our expectations. Comparable growth was 5.3% and this included a $0.02 adverse impact from currencies. Slide 6 shows the components of the quarter's 6.9% reported sales growth. Internal volume declined 1.6%, with nearly 1/2 of the decline being driven by trade inventory reductions in the U.S., France and Mexico. It's worth noting that we saw a good volume growth in our Asia-Pacific region and we did see price mix improvement in the quarter across most of the regions. Of course, Pringles is the primary driver of the 7.9 points of growth related to acquisitions in the second quarter. While we expect that our innovation will contribute to results in the second half of the year, we do expect that sales growth will continue to be a bit slower for the balance of the year than we originally anticipated. I'll provide more detail regarding our outlook later. Finally, currency translation reduced sales growth by 0.5 point in the quarter. Slide 7 shows the shape of the net inflation we'll see this year and it's the slide that we showed you last quarter. You remember that we recognized net cost inflation in the first half of the year, and as you can see on the chart, we continue to expect net deflation in the second half of the year, which should provide a benefit to our gross margins. We have better visibility into our cost structure for the balance of the year and now expect a small amount of net inflation in the third quarter and a net deflation in the fourth quarter. The slower sales growth we have seen so far this year has led to reduced operating leverage. We saw the impact of this in the second quarter and expect it to have an impact on margins in the second half of the year, particularly in the third quarter. In the second quarter, our underlying reported gross margin declined by 140 basis points. Of this, approximately 50 basis points was due to the impact of the Pringles acquisition and approximately 90 basis points was due to the impact of net inflation, operating leverage and some country and product mix. Slide 8 highlights some of the brand building activity we have planned for the second half of the year. Obviously, this is just a small sample, but it highlights the breadth of activity we expect in the business. As you know, we launched a significant amount of innovation around midyear, and we will support these products over the balance of 2013 with strong support planned for the third quarter. As we've mentioned a few times over the past year, we have been doing a lot of work increasing the efficiency of our investment in brand building. This work continued in the second quarter, and we have seen encouraging results. This work included savings in working media through mix improvements, digital purchasing, negotiations and the moves to pan-regional purchasing. We have also realized savings in non-working media by leveraging copy across multiple markets where practical. And in addition, we've done a lot of work with consumer promotions around the world. As a result, we expect that advertising will be up in the second half and flat to up for the full year despite the savings that I have mentioned. Now, let's turn to Slide 9, which shows quarterly internal operating profit performance for each of the regions. Overall, total company underlying internal operating profit growth of 3.4% was broadly in line with our expectations. And underlying operating margins were solid at 15.5%, up more than 50 basis points from last year. North America's internal operating profit increased by 3.2%, a sequential improvement from the first quarter. We saw a good cost discipline and we benefited from Pringles synergies. The Morning Foods, Specialty and North America Other segment, which includes Frozen Foods and Canada, all posted operating profit growth. Operating profit in the Snacks business was flat due to sales performance. We have a stronger innovation pipeline and increased advertising planned for the second half of the year in North America, although we do expect the environment to remain challenging. Internal operating profit grew by 1.8% in Europe and included a mid-single-digit increase in advertising. The restaging of Special K across Europe that we've spoken about before began in the U.K. in Northern Europe at the end of the second quarter, and we've seen early signs of improvement. Internal operating profit in Latin America decreased by 8.3% in the quarter, due to significant commodity inflation and the impact from reductions in retailer inventories. Much of this is behind us, so we expect improved performance in Latin America across the second half of the year. And then Asia Pacific, we saw an increase in internal operating profit of 11.3%. Growth was driven by solid sales across key businesses and included increased levels of advertising. Slide 10 provides detail of our year-to-date cash flow performance. Cash flow from operations before capital spending was $705 million in the first half of the year. This was an increase of $25 million from the first half of last year. And remember, we benefited last year from the structure of the Pringles transaction with the addition of approximately $100 million of cash flow in the second quarter of 2012. Capital spending was $238 million, an increase of $83 million over the first half of last year and in line with our plan. We still expect to spend slightly more than 4% of sales for the full year. And we have now repurchased more than $500 million of shares so far this year. We still expect to repurchase shares in line with proceeds from options for the full year. Our share repurchases in the first quarter were well below options proceeds. And while we are currently tracking ahead of proceeds for the year-to-date period, we expect that this will balance out as we progress through the second half. Now let's look at Slide 11, which shows our guidance for 2013. Due to the slower sales growth we saw in the second quarter, expectations for the remainder of the year and increased currency headwinds, we now expect that reported sales growth will be approximately 5%, 2 points lower than our original guidance. The decline in sales growth is split evenly, 1 point from currency and 1 point from internal growth expectation. Although our underlying reported earnings per share has come down by 2 points, our currency-neutral earnings per share is consistent with original guidance. We have been able to manage the 1 point of internal sales shortfall through improved performance from Pringles and disciplined cost management. We haven't changed our estimate for full year cost inflation at approximately 5% and cost savings of around 4%, but inflation is a little lower and savings are slightly higher. And as I mentioned, we still expect to see net deflation in the second half as a result of lower cost pressures and slightly higher cost savings. We now expect the gross margin for the full year will be down 75 to 100 basis points, a change from our original guidance of down 50 basis points. Pringles is still contributing approximately 50 basis points to the decline, due to the lower margin structure. Slide 12 shows more detail regarding our full year earnings per share guidance. Previously, we gave guidance for underlying earnings per share growth of between 5% and 7%. This included a $0.02 negative impact from currency. We always expected currency neutral earnings per share growth, excluding integration costs, to be between 6% and 9% or $3.84 to $3.93 per share, and that has not changed. However, over the course of the last quarter, currencies have moved against us more significantly. This means that instead of a full year negative impact of $0.02, we now expect the impact to be $0.09. Our guidance for reported earnings per share has gone from 5% to 7% growth to 3% to 5% growth. This change is completely due to the $0.07 extra headwind in currencies. Obviously, currency translation will remain volatile, so I'll update you regarding the effect as the year progresses. Now let's go to Slide 13 in some additional detail on our guidance. As we mentioned last quarter, we expected that estimates for the full year tax rate might improve, and that has been the case. We now expect that the full year tax rate will be between 29% and 30%. We continue to expect that interest expense will be between $230 million and $240 million. We still expect annual cash flow to be between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion and total capital spending to be slightly more than 4% of sales. In the second half, we have increased innovation, more advertising and Pringles will be included in the base. As for the phasing of earnings over the remainder of the year, we expect reported earnings per share, including the impact of currency but excluding integration costs, to be roughly equal in the third and fourth quarters. Our current expectations are that integration costs and the impact to currencies will be approximately balanced between the third and fourth quarters. As has been the case all year, our guidance for comparable operating profit and earnings per share excludes the impact of adjustments from mark to market. And finally, on Pringles, we continue to expect that integration costs will be between $0.12 and $0.14 per share, but synergies will be toward the high end of our $50 million to $75 million range for the year. And now I'll turn it back over to John for a discussion of our segments.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Slide 14 shows the internal net sales growth posted by Kellogg North America. As we mentioned, performance was mixed in the quarter. Let's look at the segments in more detail starting with Slide 15 in the U.S. Morning Foods business. Growth in the cereal category in the second quarter was disappointing. Although we did expect it to be challenging given the timing of innovation, scheduled for launch at midyear, and the need for additional activity. Special K saw consumption growth of approximately 2% in the quarter as a result of growth posted by Special K Protein, which we relaunched in the second half of last year and Special K Chocolate Strawberry, which launched this year. Frosted Flakes continued to perform well as did Raisin Bran. We saw a high single-digit consumption growth as a result of our recent healthy dividends campaign. Healthy dividends has targeted adult health-conscious consumers and focuses on bringing boomers into the cereal category. For example, the campaign highlights the benefits that come from a balanced diet, including cereal and a healthy lifestyle. As I mentioned last quarter, we've seen some weakness in the adult cereal segment. In addition to the healthy dividends campaign, we also have innovation that will help to address this, including Raisin Bran containing Omega-3, Kashi Cheer Heart to Heart and Multi-Grain Special K. Special K is a great brand that travels well around the world. So in addition to all the activity I've mentioned, we've also just launched Special K Nourish Hot Cereals in the U.S. And as you'll hear from Paul, we're also launching Hot Cereals in Europe. In the U.S., we've launched 3 varieties, which are a healthy blend of oats and grains, including quinoa. They also include inclusions such as cranberries, which you add after preparation. We've only just introduced these cereals, but acceptance has been good and we have activity planned for the fall. We've also launched Kellogg's breakfast beverages and off to an encouraging start. ECV is good and brand building has started. Obviously, it's early but we're optimistic that these will be successful and will generate a meaningful amount of incremental sales growth. Finally, Pop-Tarts had an excellent quarter. Consumption increased at a mid-single-digit rate. We introduced 2 kinds of peanut butter Pop-Tarts in May. And again, although it's early, both are exceeding our expectations. Now let's turn to Slide 16, which shows the internal net sales performance of the U.S. Snacks segment. The segment posted an internal sales decline on the most difficult comparison of the year. Internal sales in the cracker business were down slightly, partially because we were lapping very strong growth from Special K Cracker Chips last year. However, we've seen improvement in distribution and quality merchandising in the business in recent weeks, and the innovation we launched around midyear is off to good start. Cheez-It Zings and Town House Pita are both getting good rates of trial and we're selling all the crackers in our new cup packaging that we can make. The cookie business also declined in the quarter. Again, the innovations we've just launched, including Keebler Simply Made cookies, Jumbo Fudge Shoppe and Cookies In A Cup are all off to a good start. And the decline we saw in the wholesome snacks business was at least partially due to the strong 7% sales growth posted last year. We did see some good growth this quarter from Special K Pastry Crisps and new Nutri-Grain crunch bars also contributed. Our Pringles business saw a good consumption growth of approximately 7% in the quarter, which outpaced the category's growth and we gained share as a result. The core grew and our Pringles Stix innovation also added to the results. We've got good activity planned for the second half and more innovation planned for introduction toward the end of the year. We always knew the second quarter would be a difficult one for the Snacks business. We've got innovation that's just launched and more coming. This, in combination with additional support and Pringles now being included in internal sales growth, should help results in the second half. Of course, it will continue to be a difficult environment, and we continue to expect that improvement will take some time. Slide 17 shows the net sales performance of the U.S. Specialty segment. We posted internal net sales growth of 1.9% in the second quarter. We posted good results in the Convenience channel, driven by cereal in a cup and our 5 SKUs of Special K Cracker Chips in single-serve packs, which is doing very well. We've just launched Special K Nourish Bars in this channel and have more innovation planned for later in the year. In addition, our Foodservice business has good plans for the second half of the year, and we're optimistic that the Specialty Channels business as a whole will improve over the balance of the year. Finally, Pringles, which has done very well in these channels since the acquisition, continued to post growth in the quarter, and our expectations are for continued good performance in the second half. Slide 18 shows detail regarding the North America Other segment, which includes the Canadian and U.S. Frozen Food businesses. The segment posted 3.9% internal sales growth in the quarter. In Canada, we've seen some good results from innovation, including share gains in the Frozen category as a result of the launch of Special K Flatbread sandwiches and Eggo Minis waffles, growth in crackers due to the introduction of Special K Cracker Chips and good early performance from breakfast beverages. We saw a high single-digit internal sales growth in the Frozen Foods business in the quarter. We saw good volume growth in the frozen breakfast business and also posted gains in price mix. Growth in the frozen breakfast business was driven by the continued success of the Special K Flatbread sandwiches, and we've got a new version being introduced later this year. Now let's move to the international business. As you know, we've had a difficult start to 2012 in Europe. We've been doing a lot of work over the last year to stabilize the business and we saw growth at the end of last year and early this year. So now, I'd like to turn it over to Paul Norman, who will provide more color regarding our plans for the European business.
Paul T. Norman: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Back in November at Day at K, we discussed some of issues affecting performance in Europe over the past few years and we shared our strategy to change all that, highlighting 3 key where to play choices: One, sustainably grow cereal in and beyond the bowl; two, explosively grow snacks; and three, accelerate growth in select emerging markets. To win, we said we would need to operate differently by designing for scale, by developing and executing ideas at a pan-European level. Finally, to enable this, we needed to reorganize the way we worked. The acquisition of Pringles provided the catalyst for us to do so. Several months on, and Pringles is now integrated. The region is organized around 2 category hubs, namely cereal and snacks. And we are bringing pan-European ideas to market in cereal, in and beyond the bowl and in snacks, as well as increasing levels of investment in key emerging markets. Our overall rate of innovation will increase significantly in 2013, and we have good visibility to 2014 and beyond. I would like to run quickly through a few slides on key initiatives coming in the back half of 2013. Let's start with cereal on Slide 20. In the second half, we will be looking to drive momentum behind key adult brands. On Crunchy Nut Corn Flakes, our leading taste brand in the U.K., we will accelerate momentum via new advertising from the proven "the trouble is they taste too good" campaign, as well as with innovation in the form of the recently launched Glorious Oat Granola and soon-to-be launched chocolate curls variety. In France and Italy, the Extra brand will benefit from an all-new advertising campaign backed by significant year-on-year increases in investment. Finally, in the U.K., Spain and the Nordic region, we will be launching the 5-day challenge on All-Bran, offering consumers faster, more effective relief from digestive discomfort. Moving on to Slide 21. We will also continue to reinvigorate our largest brand, Special K. As you know, we launched renovated base food, including whole grain and fiber in recent quarters. And this rollout continues in more countries, as we speak. We are expanding our presence within the cereal category to Hot Cereal. With the launch of Special K Multi-Grain porridge coming to selected countries in September. A differentiated food offering in 3 varieties and 2 different packaging formats, we feel confident we will attract new users to the Special K brand over the coming months. As 2014 comes, we will be expanding further into additional formats in various parts of the region with the Special K brand. More to come on this soon. Moving to Slide 22. Our aim is also to compete more broadly in breakfast beyond the bowl. As a result, we are just launching on the continent a full range of new Nutri-Grain handheld breakfast solutions. We recognize that sometimes consumers don't have time for a bowl of cereal and milk. That's why we developed foods that provide the benefits of cereal in a portable and convenient format that better meets their needs. These are delicious, toastable and dunkable whole-grain foods designed to better fit the local breakfast occasion. The range will include breakfast biscuits but also unique, new to market propositions too, including toastable pastries. Now, let's talk snacks on Slide 23. First up is Pringles, where things continue to go well. Following another quarter of mid-single-digit consumption growth driven by some great in-store focus from our local sales teams, selected innovations like the Xtra subline and continued geographic expansion in emerging markets, we feel good about the future. We're adding capacity in 2014 to further fuel the brand in terms of growth in existing geographies and in new ones and to enable a strong pipeline of innovation that you will hear more about in the coming months. Moving to Slide 24 on Special K snacks and an update on a couple of key pan-European initiatives. Firstly, Biscuit Moments, which we launched in the U.K. last year and now can be found across the region in 2013. This is a great example of an idea designed and delivered consistently across the region and it's an idea that has worked in other regions, too. For example, this idea was launched in the U.S. under the Special K Pastry Crisps brand and has been doing very well. Another example is Special K Cracker Crisps, which are shown on Slide 25 and which will roll out across the region later this year. These are similar to the Special K Cracker Chips you will know in the U.S. This idea has obviously been successful and has now traveled to Europe but has also now been launched in Canada, Mexico and soon in Australia, too. So when you put it all together, on Slide 26, you will see a good cross-section of activity in and beyond the bowl of breakfast and an exciting set of initiatives across snacks to accelerate growth. And all of this is being done with the benefits of scale, both in development and delivery. To close, I pulled back my summary slide from Day at K last year in November. We continue to transform our company in Europe into a cereal and a snacking company, leveraging ideas with scale across the region by operating differently. Change takes time and effort, and I would like to recognize the entire team in Europe for what they're doing to make it happen and bring our strategy to life. Thank you. I'll now turn it back over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Paul. Now, let's turn to Slide 28 in our other international businesses. Internal net sales increased by 4.1% in Asia Pacific in the second quarter, driven by strong volume growth. The Australian business contributed to this growth as the breakfast drinks we launched last year continue to do well. Nutri-Grain, our core cereal brand in Australia, gained category share in the quarter, and we've got more innovation planned for introduction in Australia, including Special K Cracker Chips, which is similar to the ones you know in the U.S. In Asia, we saw good growth in India, Southeast Asia and South Africa. South Africa posted double-digit net sales growth as the Corn Flakes brand, including Corn Flakes Porridge, did very well. We also saw double-digit growth in India, due to strong growth from Chocos, Muesli and the Special K brand. And Pringles also posted mid-single-digit sales growth in the quarter, driven by both volume growth and price realization. The Latin American business posted 5% internal sales growth, although this included some unusual items, including the reduction of trade inventories, as I've mentioned before. Without these items, both sales and operating profit growth would have been much higher. The economic environment in Mexico remains difficult but cereal consumption growth remains good. We've had some recent gains in distribution and cost of innovation is working well and we've got more plans for introduction before the end of the year. We also saw growth in Brazil, the Andean region, Venezuela and Chile. And Pringles also did well in the quarter, exceeding our expectations. Now let's turn to Slide 29 and the summary. We met our goals to operating profit and earnings in the second quarter. We have better plans for the second half, including more innovation and increased levels of advertising. However, we recognize that the difficult environment we saw in the first half will continue through the balance of the year. We have completed the majority of the Pringles integration and the business is performing very well. And we have reaffirmed our full year target for earnings, excluding the impact of currency translation. So finally, I'd like to say thank you to all the Kellogg employees around the world for all their hard work and dedication. Together, we're building the plans and laying the foundation necessary for future growth. And now, we'll open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question we have comes from David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Would you please comment on the cereal merchandising outlook? It seems like General Mills captured a lot of merchandising activity during your second quarter period. Can you just give us some comments on how you see the merchandising outlook in North America for the rest of the year?
John A. Bryant: David, it's very hard to predict how the merchandising activity will change as we go through the back half of the year. What I'll say on cereals, we're focused on driving our business the way that we've seen the business respond historically, which is through brand building, innovation, both food and packaging, as well as nutrition. I believe that's the right way to drive the cereal business. Obviously, cereal is always an intensely competitive category. We'll be competitive in that category. But I wouldn't say that there's any trends around merchandising that concern us.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Related to the -- to cereal category on new products, how have the new products performed and would you call this out as a reason for the soft sales in any way? Or more importantly, are the new products more of a second half event? Maybe if you could help me out a little on that on?
John A. Bryant: David, the new products are really a second half event. They only started shipping towards the end of the second quarter, and the brand building won't be turned on until we get well into the third quarter and we have the right level of distribution across the U.S. stores.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Final question for me is just a detail on advertising. What was the advertising change during the second quarter?
Ronald L. Dissinger: So David, this is Ron. Our advertising was down just slightly in the second quarter, and that was a function of the innovation -- timing of innovation launches that John mentioned. So we do expect advertising growth in the third quarter.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So then the nice operating margin performance relative to the gross margin was not related to like a giant decline in advertising? It was other factors, namely Pringles, savings and/or other savings? Is that correct?
Ronald L. Dissinger: And/or other savings. David, particularly we've been very focused and cost disciplined around overhead. We've executed some initiatives early in the year knowing that we were facing high inflation in the front part of the year.
Operator: And next, we have Bryan Spillane, Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just one clarification and a question. I think Ron, you had mentioned in your prepared remarks that in facing the back half of the year, the third quarter earnings would be the same as the fourth quarter. I just want make sure it's clear. Is that the absolute? Or is it the year-on-year growth rates that you're referring to?
Ronald L. Dissinger: That is the absolute earnings per share, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a question on Pringles. It's been an important sort of revenue growth contributor since the acquisition and profit growth contributor since the acquisition and still -- and it's an important component as we look into the second half, especially now that becomes internal -- part of the internal calculation. Can you talk a little bit about first, sort of where you stand today on capacity, whether you're capacity constrained at all? And then second, now that you're completely free from the Procter's shared service arrangement, how effective you've been at filling in some of the whitespace, so the markets where you've had to sort of find-your-own distribution now that you've kind of pulled away from Procter? So just those 2 things as we look at Pringles going forward, please.
John A. Bryant: Thanks for the question, Bryan. I'm going to answer the very high level, then Paul might end up with some questions on Europe -- or some comments on Europe, specifically around Pringles. First, as you said, the Pringles acquisition has gone incredibly well for us. The integration is largely complete, where now Pringles is operating on our systems and that's enabling us to generate the synergies that we're seeing come through on the cost side. So remember, a lot of the cost synergies from Pringles was unhooking the P&G shared activity, hooking it on to the Kellogg systems and support processes and be able to run the business without adding a lot of additional cost. We're absolutely seeing that come through. Also when we acquired the business, we were concerned about the top line growth of the business given that's been through a difficult transition. So we were relatively conservative in setting out top line growth expectations. The good news is this business has responded incredibly well to our merchandising, with our sales force and bring to life those programs in store. So that's working very well for us. As you pointed out, we have been capacity constrained in this business. We do have new capacity coming on. We've also been able to run the plants a little bit harder and get more capacity out of them, which has also worked well in terms of supplying the market. So as we look at Pringles around the world from a consumption perspective, in the second quarter, we saw 7% growth in the U.S., good growth in Asia-Pacific and Latin America and also some very good growth in Europe. In terms of the whitespaces, there's some good Pringles opportunities in Europe as well. So why don't I let Paul just talk a little bit about the Pringles experience in Europe?
Paul T. Norman: Bryan, if you think about outside of the Kellogg go-to-market salespeople and you think further, a feel into emerging markets, remember, Pringles for us was pretty transformational in several markets. It will have almost doubled the size of our business. So we find ourselves today with a great opportunity. We have Kellogg distributors and we inherited Pringles' distributors. The process we're going through now, as you can imagine, is to consolidate, given our newfound scale to, drive more capability to go further to grow. And obviously, there's cost to serve benefits to come. So I don't think the business has been left exposed anywhere. In fact, we've ended up with more distributors than we probably have before. And the opportunities now, I would say, in emerging markets and Europe but also the same case of Latin America and parts of Southeast Asia, the opportunity to consolidate, build capability and hopefully improve cost to serve and invest to grow further.
Operator: Next, we have Robert Moskow of Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was curious about the gross margin guidance coming down to, I guess, a decline of 75 to 100 basis points. And the grain cost futures markets would indicate that -- and you said it yourself that your costs are lower than you thought and your productivity seems to be coming in lower than you thought. So is this an issue where it's just a volume and deleveraging is causing gross margin to be lighter than you thought? And then I had a question on Kashi consolidation.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. Rob, it's really a factor of our operating leverage. So we have very good visibility to our cost structure as we look at back half of the year, seeing our net deflation in the fourth quarter, as I mentioned. A little bit of inflation in the third quarter, and that's because of the operating leverage impact as a result of the sales coming down in a couple of the key U.S. businesses. So it's nothing more than that. Pringles is still about 50 basis points dilutive impact on the margin as well. So the underlying margin is down about 25 to 50 basis points.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then regarding Kashi, I heard that you've consolidated headquarters into Battle Creek. Can you talk a little bit about the cost benefit of that? Kashi had a very strong culture in La Jolla and sales have been weak lately. When do you think performance will improve and what are you doing internally to make sure that you retain what made it strong to begin with?
John A. Bryant: We think Kashi is a great opportunity for us to drive additional growth. I think the opportunity with Kashi is to play its role within our portfolio. One of the benefits of having it viewed within the broader Kellogg portfolio is we can more clearly have some Kellogg brands play in some places and then Kashi play where it needs to play. An opportunity for Kashi is really in the area of pioneering nutrition, putting the value back in the food, whether it be GMO or organic or new age grains, et cetera. And that's the opportunity that Kashi can play. And by having it viewed within that broader portfolio, we can actually more clearly define and articulate the job that we need Kashi to go out and achieve for us. Now also Kashi now is a very large business and we can more effectively leverage the scale and benefits of the Kellogg Company by putting it into the broader context of Kellogg. So we feel very good about the longer-term growth opportunity for Kashi. And if anything, we think this gives us a better opportunity to achieve its long-term growth potential.
Operator: The next question we have comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, one thing I haven't heard from you yet on Pringles is the revenue synergies that you expect a little longer term. I think you started to talk about it qualitatively but not quantitatively. And obviously, you bought Pringles for -- not for its cost savings but for the revenue potential. So perhaps, let's start with that.
John A. Bryant: Eric, I think there are significant revenue synergies coming out of the Pringles acquisition. We've not quantified those for external purposes, but think of it in a number of waves. The first wave is a benefit of putting Pringles into the Kellogg sales system and driving our initial growth. That's what we're seeing come through. The second wave is a little bit dependent upon broader capacity coming online for Pringles, which is innovation on the Pringles business itself. And there's a third wave out there, which we're also going after aggressively, which is leveraging the Pringles infrastructure to drive Kellogg's snacks more aggressively around the world. I think Europe is a great example of where we're doing a lot of that today.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Well, I'd just say I think it would be helpful at some point, sooner versus later, if you could give some quantification on that. And then this is a, I think, a question that's been asked in the past. But given the poor core results out of the business versus your advertising spend relative to sales, you've talked for a couple of years about "optimizing your advertising spend." But the reality is despite a lot of new products and effort, the core business volume has been pretty weak for an extended period, whether it's Europe or U.S. or what have you. And I just -- I kind of wonder like, I mean, what would sales at your company be like if, God forbid, your advertising spend wasn't nearly as strong as it is? I mean, why isn't such high spending giving a better lift to the portfolio? I just -- it still makes me scratch my head.
John A. Bryant: Eric, we're very comfortable with the level of advertising we spend as a company. And that advertising is becoming even more effective and efficient each year as we drive more into digital and we activate the brands even more effectively through those programs. If you look at where some of our weakness has been on the volume side, it's really been back in cereal. So as we think about cereal, and this is true in the U.S. and some of the other large developed markets we have around the world, the good news for cereal is the breakfast occasion is, in general, growing, particularly here in the U.S. And within breakfast, cereal has the single largest share. And there's reasons to believe that there's long-term growth potential in the cereal category, whether it be Asian population, health and wellness or desire for value. However, there has been some short-term pressure over the last couple of years on the cereal category from alternatives at the breakfast occasion. So how are we addressing that as a company? Because this will help us get back to volume growth long term. One is to win with cereal at breakfast. And we take adult, which is the biggest source of opportunity, we're driving increased adult consumption around cereal, moving with 4 levers: innovation, advertising, food and packaging. And innovation, as you can see here and this year, there's Special K Multi-Grain, Kashi Cheer, Raisin Bran Omega-3 coming out. On advertising to your question, about advertising effectiveness, the healthy dividends program was in place in the second quarter. It drove strong growth in Raisin Bran, which was heroed in that particular piece of advertising. On foods, as we mentioned before, in Kashi, our focus is on pioneering health. And we're seeing the benefits, again, to food right. We have seen Bear Naked growing double digits in the second quarter. And then on packaging, whether it be resealable bags, easy-open liners or more portable solutions like cups, all helps us drive that cereal consumption. And it's more than just winning with cereal breakfast. It's also winning in breakfast beyond cereal. So we have a number of warm breakfast alternative, such as Eggo, Pop-Tarts, the Special K breakfast sandwiches. And now we have Special K Hot Cereal launching both in the U.S. and in U.K. And within that as well, we're looking at portability, whether it be wholesome snacks, hand-held breakfast that Paul mentioned in Europe, or breakfast beverages here in the U.S. So we're confident we can do both in the breakfast occasion. We can grow cereal at breakfast as we did across the 2000s and we can leverage our strong cereal brands into other formats to meet consumer needs at that breakfast occasion. And we believe if we do this well, we can get ourselves back to volume growth as a company.
Operator: The next question we have comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John, I think that the general expectation to your earlier -- just the answer you just gave, by many investors, is that the cereal category will ultimately bounce back to a rate of growth, whether it's the low single-digit rate that it's had historically, even though thus far that recovery has been slower than you would have liked. But if this slower cereal category growth rate continues for a bit of time or longer than planned, I guess, do Kellogg and the investment community have to wait through perhaps a longer period of profit pressure as you launch and transition to a lot of this new outside the bowl initiatives and formats? As necessary as they may be, but requires spending and may have potentially negative mix issues given the excellent profitability of your core cereal franchise. So I guess in other words, can Kellogg's long-term EPS growth target of 7% to 9% be hit and sustained during a transition like I've described and as you talked about in your -- just in the previous answer?
John A. Bryant: I think it's definitely our intent to, over the long term, get back on a sustainable growth model. We are making the investments we need to make in order to get back on that model and we recognize the need to drive our growth more aggressively in the cereal and breakfast occasion, and we're making the investments we need to make. What I think you're seeing within that investment model is we are using cereal equities to help drive our growth in some of the non-cereals spaces. So for example, leveraging the Kellogg master brands, launch the Kellogg to-go beverages in the U.S. That would then enable us to have a more efficient investment model, so we don't need to add a significant amount of additional brand building in order to drive that growth. This will hail us back on the cereal business as well. At the same time, within the advertising line, we continue to move money between digital, consumer databases and so on, which makes that spending even more efficient, which also enables us to free up investment. Also, we'll continue to look within our company on the cost side to be more effective and efficient to identify opportunities, to provide fuel for growth in our organization going forward.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And I know that you switched over to using a third-party broker for some of the in-store work around your Morning Foods business, I think, maybe back in April or so. Just trying to get a sense if that transition has gone relatively smoothly. I don't know if you've got any metrics to point to around distribution or merchandising effectiveness. But has it basically delivered on what you had hoped you'd get from it?
John A. Bryant: Andrew, I think any transition like that always has its bumps early in the process, but I feel like it's working very well today.
Operator: The next question we have comes from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask you first on the revenue growth for the business and looking out, I think what I heard from you so far, I think we heard this consistent theme, is a very heavy level of innovation, marketing and it's picking up in the second half of the year. I had assumed some of that started in Q2. I think a little bit it sounds like it started late in the quarter. I guess, what I'm getting too, John, is it as simple as you'd increase your marketing even more, your advertising? Or do you think these new products is what's going to help fix, what are, in some cases a category issue, like in cereal or just the competitive or slower dynamic, in say, cookies and crackers in the U.S.?
John A. Bryant: I believe that the innovation we're putting in the marketplace here in the second half, as well as the commercial plans we have in the second half, will lead to a better sales growth rate in the second half than what we had in the first half. I also believe it's going to take more innovation and pressure over time to get the categories fully back into the growth rates we'd like to see. So this is not a short-term easy fix. This is a longer-term journey that we're on. But we're absolutely doing the right thing. So we've seen the ability to grow these categories over time back in the 2000s, and it's a case of engaging and exciting the consumer and bringing them back in.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up to that. You've had a fairly heavy level of productivity savings this year and it sounds like it's a little higher than maybe what you thought initially. Is there anything unique that's helping drive that? And I guess, a lot of us remember back to periods where the supply-chain maybe just cut a little too far. So I'm just trying to understand what's driving that and how sustainable this level of savings is.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Now the tick-up in savings, productivity savings is only slight, Chris. It's not significant. So we're quite comfortable with the programs that are in place and the things that the supply-chain is doing to generate their savings.
John A. Bryant: And Chris, on the supply chain, I feel very good about the state of our supply chain. The investments that we've made over the last 2 years have enabled us to run these plants even more effectively. And quite frankly, the work that we did on those plants is enabling to run even more efficiently this year, and that's a little bit of a source of some of the productivity benefits.
Operator: Next, we have Jason English, Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: More innovation coming to try and rejuvenate growth. We've been hearing a lot about innovation for a number of years now. If we look at the cereal category, which is clearly a point of weakness, TDP growth suggests it's been pretty explosive expansion of the varieties in the category. Meanwhile, velocity is falling off a cliff. Why shouldn't we be bracing for maybe some skew rationalization in that category rather than banking on innovation to turn it around?
John A. Bryant: Well, Jason, I think that in a category like cereal, which is a high repertoire in category, you always have a level of innovation and a level of ongoing rationalization on the shelf. So the shelf is not growing and it's not declining. It is an element of bringing new news to the category and continuing to bring consumers in. In some parts of the business, such as Special K, where you need a high level of choices to keep people excited, interested in eating Special K each day, there is a wider level of varieties out there than you might have in some other brands. Also Jason, when we talk about innovation we're not just talking about another line extension. We are talking about beverages. We're talking about hot cereals. We're talking about breakfast sandwiches. So I think if you compared our innovation pipeline this year to, say, last year or the year before, there's a greater proportion of incrementality within the innovation pipeline. Plus, when you look at the international innovation, we are ramping up from a relatively low base and within that and some of the things that Paul talked about in Europe, that innovation is significantly more incremental than some of the historical cereal-based line extensions.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to come back with one more question, and it's really picking up where kind of growth relied into with your sustainable growth model, it worked for a number of years. It hasn't really proven to drive very sustainable growth recently. An important pillar of that is grow brand building, continue to increase the investment. Yet over the last 5 years, advertising up at a 1% CAGR, well below sales, down so far this year. So I guess back to Chris's question, why shouldn't we think that we need just a lot more reinvestment to really get this thing going, to get your back on the sustainable growth wheel?
John A. Bryant: Well, within that advertising line over the last 5 years, there has been a pretty significant shift under the surface between traditional 30-second advertising and digital and engaging consumers more effectively with different -- a different media mix. Having said that, I mean, we'll constantly look for fuel for growth in the organization. And say, how do we continue to drive effectiveness and efficiency to enable us to invest more in the business over time?
Operator: And the next question we have comes from Ken Goldman, JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You aren't the first company to experience some sluggishness in your legacy categories and brands. At the same time, you're integrating a new one, in this case, Pringles. As you look back on some of the challenges you faced in those legacy, cookies, crackers, cereals lately, would you have done anything differently, John, over the last year in terms of your time focused on legacy products and your whole management team's focus versus toward the integration? Or in your view, maybe those challenges facing those categories have taken place, whether Pringles was taken on or not?
John A. Bryant: Ken, it's a very difficult question to answer. Certainly, Pringles being the second largest acquisition in our history and being a carve-out bolt-on was more intense integration, particularly in some parts of the world, such as Europe. I don't think that some of the issues we've seen in cereal more recently were impacted by the Pringles acquisition. But certainly, it has been something that the organization has been focused on with the integration.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then quickly, Latin America, almost all of your growth over the last few years has come from price mix, your volumes have been down. Can you talk a little bit about the breakdown between price and mix in that line and to what extent you're comfortable with volumes not really growing in a region where a lot of companies are seeing their tonnage up over the last few years?
John A. Bryant: Over time, as we go forward in Latin America, we are looking for more volume growth. I think when you look in the second quarter, it's a little distorted by lapping the trade inventory build that happened in Q2 last year that we spoke about on the second quarter call last year. The -- in particular, in Mexico, shipments are down quite significantly and now consumption was actually [indiscernible] I think if you're looking at a full basis, the volume performance will be much better. And certainly, our strategy going forward in Latin America is to be in volume growth.
Operator: The next question or last question that we have comes from Lucia von Reusner of Green Century Capital Management.
Lucia von Reusner: I'm just curious as a company publicly committed to sustainability, how will Kellogg ensure that the Kellogg brand is not associated with the illegal deforestation that it's partner, Wilmar, has been accused of? How will you ensure that the Kellogg brand remains sustainable and all that?
John A. Bryant: Well the Kellogg Company has a very strong track record on sustainability and we have a sustainability report that I would turn your attention to. In terms of palm oil, we actually buy green certificates to cargo all our palm oil purchases, and we feel very good about our practices in that area. We work with a number of partners and suppliers around the world, and I'll leave it to you to talk to Wilmar directly if you have any questions for them. But we feel very good about the Kellogg Company's position on this topic.
Simon Burton: Okay. Everyone, thanks very much for dialing in, and we'll be available throughout the rest of the day and tomorrow for questions. Thank you.
Operator: And we thank you, sir, and to the rest of the management team for your time today. The conference call is now concluded. At this time, you may disconnect your lines. Thank you, and have a great day, everyone.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon Burton - Executive Officer of Snacks business unit John A. Bryant - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Brian Huff
Analysts: Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will turn the call over to Simon Burton, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference.
Simon Burton: Thanks, Laura. Good morning, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today for a review of our first quarter 2013 results. I'm joined by John Bryant, our President and CEO; Ron Dissinger, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Huff, President of our U.S. Specialty Channels business. We've been highlighting different business units over the last year, and Brian is here to discuss Specialty Channels in a little more detail. In addition, due to changes in how we account for pensions and other post-retirement benefits, we've provided additional detail in this presentation and in the earnings press release. The press release and slides to support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kellogcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. So for further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, May 6, and the call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. With that, I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We're pleased to announce a good first quarter and start to the year. Reported sales growth was strong at 12%. Internal net sales growth was 2.2%, broadly in line with our expectations, and most of our businesses around the world posted solid underlying results so -- as we will discuss in more detail later. Underlying operating profit growth was also broadly in line with expectations as we faced the highest level of inflation that we expect to see all year. We're on track for the full year, and as Ron said in his guidance at CAGNY, there were a few items that we anticipated would have an impact on the first quarter. First, we expect around $80 million of COGS inflation net of COGS savings in 2013, and we saw more than $80 million just in the first quarter. So this obviously had a significant impact. Secondly, the devaluation in Venezuela also had a meaningful impact and was larger than we expected. And finally, the process of closing a manufacturing plant in Australia continued in the first quarter, which led to higher year-over-year costs. So we expect more balanced results as the year progresses. Now let's turn to Slide 4 and a review of Pringles. We continue to see very strong performance from the business in the first quarter. In fact, organic sales growth of the total Pringles brand was approximately 7%. In all the regions around the world, Pringles continues to do well. And as we've mentioned before, the commercial programs we've implemented since the acquisition have been very well received by consumers. In the U.S. and Canada, we relaunched Stix, which is off to a good start. In Europe, we saw good growth in much of the region, and we saw high single-digit underlying growth in the Asia Pacific business as well. The integration continues to go well. We have converted Asia and Europe to our systems, and the transition went very smoothly. We are currently in the process of conversions -- converting in the Americas. We're on schedule to complete the integration over the next few months, and we remain confident that we'll recognize the synergies we expected for 2013. And talent retention has also been very good. As you saw at CAGNY and our Investor Day, we now have former Pringles employees in very senior roles within the organization. And finally on Pringles, we'll have some new capacity coming online in 2014, which will add to the excellent work that's being done to improve the capacity in our existing facilities. So we're on track to achieve our full year guidance. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ron for more details.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. First of all, I'd like to point out that our underlying results exclude the impact of mark-to-market adjustments. Underlying internal results exclude the impact of mark-to-market adjustment, acquisitions, divestitures, integration costs and the impact from foreign currency translation. We're also providing details of underlying earnings per share excluding integration costs again this quarter. Slide 5 shows the first quarter's financial results. Reported sales growth was 12.2%. Internal sales growth was 2.2% and included growth across all 4 geographic regions of the world. Underlying reported operating profit decreased by 3.5%, including Pringles integration costs. Reported operating profit was flat excluding integration costs. Underlying internal operating profit decreased by 5.8%. As we told you previously, the first quarter included most of our net cost inflation for the year, which is why we had expected that underlying internal operating profit would be down in the first quarter. Underlying earnings per share excluding integration costs was $0.99, broadly in line with our expectations. This includes an impact of approximately $0.03 from the devaluation in Venezuela. So without the onetime impact of the devaluation, our underlying earnings per share would have been $1.02. In addition, we were lapping a $0.05 benefit in the first quarter of last year that resulted from the interest rate hedges related to the Pringles acquisition. Overall, our results are in line with our expectations, and we remain on track for the year. Slide 6 shows the composition of the first quarter sales growth. As I mentioned, reported sales growth was 12.2% and internal sales growth was 2.2%. Volume increased by 1.4 points in the quarter and was broad based. We grew volume in every region of the world. We also recognized price and mix improvements of 0.8 points of the quarter, and we expect a better balance of volume and price mix this year. On a global basis, we grew both cereal and snacks. In addition, the U.S. frozen and specialty businesses had another strong quarter. As you might imagine, the addition of Pringles made a significant contribution of 10.8 points to reported sales growth. And as John mentioned, the performance of the Pringles business has been consistently better than we had anticipated. Finally, as you can see, currency translation reduced sales growth by 0.8 points in the quarter. Now let's look at Slide 7, which shows our cost of goods sold net inflation for the full year. We saw more than $80 million of net cost inflation in the first quarter, which is more than that total net inflation we expect for the full year. As you can see on the chart, we expect continued net inflation in the second quarter, and then net deflation in the second half. Obviously, this shaping had a significant impact on our gross profit and our gross margin in Q1. Our underlying reported gross margin declined by 330 basis points in the quarter. Overall, the net inflation and gross margin performance were consistent with our expectations. We are more than 85% covered on commodities and have good visibility into our cost structure for the year. The inclusion of the Pringles business continued to have an impact on margins. In the first quarter, Pringles lowered total company gross margin by 80 basis points. We are continuing our work to increase margins, and we have already seen improvement. Our current outlook on the Pringles business for the year indicates gross margin improvement of approximately 50 basis points. In addition, we have executed initiatives to increase capacity, which will also have a positive impact on margins over time. Slide 8 details some of our brand-building activity. We continue to invest in advertising and other equity-building initiatives in the quarter. As you know, brand building, along with innovation, is at the heart of our sustainable growth operating model. We know that when we invest in the business and provide value through our brands and new products, consumers will respond. You can see on the chart just some of the activity that we're executing in the first half. This isn't all we're doing around the world, but it gives you an idea of the focus that we have. We also strive to be more efficient and effective with our investment dollars. This includes shifting to digital media on brands where it is appropriate, leveraging co-branding opportunities and assessing and maximizing the return on investment on all the activities that constitute our brand-building investment. We have increased the way we leverage advertising copy across multiple markets. We've decreased redundancies between agencies, renegotiated some agreements and driven broad-based efficiencies in working media. Looking forward, though, we expect brand building to grow in the second quarter due to the timing of our innovation launches. Slide 9 shows the quarterly internal operating profit performance for each of our regions. North America's internal operating profit decreased by 3.5%. We saw strong mid-single-digit growth in our Morning Foods, Specialty and North America Other segment, which includes Frozen Foods in Canada. And together, these businesses posted 6% operating profit growth. However, our Snacks business posted a double-digit decline due to sales performance and because it recognized a majority of the region's cost pressure. We are taking actions to improve our performance, including the launch of innovation. And of course, the effect of inflation will decline as we proceed through the year. Consequently, we expect that results will improve during the second half of the year. In Europe, we saw good top line growth of 2.6% in the quarter and expect continued growth over the remainder of the year. But the region faced commodity inflation and made some investments in supply chain to relaunch new Special K food in key markets. As a result, internal operating profit in Europe was flat in the first quarter. Obviously, economic conditions continue to be difficult on the continent, and this also impacted our results. Internal operating profit in Latin America decreased by 5.6% due to commodity inflation, timing of certain supply chain costs, as well as brand-building investments in the region. And this was on top of a strong 11% comp in the first quarter of last year. And Asia Pacific posted a decrease in internal operating profit of 30.6% in the quarter. But as you know, we have a project underway in Australia to close a manufacturing plant. Slide 10 shows our year-to-date cash flow. Cash flow from operations was comparable year-over-year. Capital spending in the quarter was $102 million, up nearly $40 million from last year. You may recall that I mentioned on our fourth quarter conference call that we saw some capital spending shift from 2012 into 2013. So free cash flow was $236 million, a decrease versus the first quarter of last year due to the shift in capital spending. Share repurchases this quarter were $44 million, lower than proceeds from options which were $259 million. And as we have said, we expect to repurchase shares to the extent of options proceeds. Now let's look at Slide 11, which shows our guidance for 2013. And our outlook for the year remains consistent with previous guidance. We still anticipate that reported net sales will increase by approximately 7% and that internal net sales growth will be approximately 3%. As we told you last quarter, our internal net sales growth depends on the phasing of Pringles sales across the first and second halves. Our latest outlook is consistent with our original guidance. Our estimates for cost inflation are unchanged at approximately 5%, and we continue to expect cost savings of around 4%. As I mentioned earlier, we saw the majority of the year's net cost inflation in Q1, but we will also see inflation in the second quarter, and we expect the third quarter and fourth quarters to be deflationary. We are largely covered on our commodities for the year and have good visibility into our cost structure. It's also important to note that our productivity savings rate increases as we progress through the year, with less than 4% in the front half and more than 4% in the back half. We continue to expect that reported operating profit growth will be slightly higher than reported earnings per share growth of 5% to 7%. You'll remember that this is because of some favorable onetime items below operating profit that benefited earnings per share growth last year. Also, recall that our guidance provided on the fourth quarter call included a $0.02 headwind from currency translation. Currency rates were volatile in the first quarter, and we saw as much as a $0.03 to $0.05 headwind for the year. And the Venezuela devaluation was slightly more than we thought for the year. The impact of dilution is also a little greater than we anticipated as the result of the strong share price. Now depending on what happens over the rest of the year, these 2 items could put pressure on our outlook. However, we have plans below the line to offset the impact. Obviously, currency translation will remain volatile, so we'll update you regarding the effect of the year as it progresses. The underlying tax rate for 2013 is still expected to be approximately 30%, and our estimate for interest expense is between $230 million and $240 million. Turning to Pringles, we still anticipate $0.12 to $0.14 of integration cost for the year, and we remain on track to deliver synergies of $50 million to $75 million in 2013. Annual cash flow is expected to be between $1.1 million and $1.2 billion, with capital spending still anticipated to be slightly more than 4% of sales. As some of you have asked, I'd like to remind you that this does include the capital investment in the Pringles business we discussed with you previously. Finally, just a quick word on the second quarter. We expect strong reported sales growth and solid comparable sales growth, but we do anticipate that there will be a continued impact from the softness in the U.S. Snacks business. And we believe that we are not likely to gain traction until the second half of the year. We continue to expect good reported operating profit growth, including the benefit of 2 months of Pringles profits, but the shape of net inflation combined with investment to support innovation launches and the softness in the U.S. Snacks business could result in internal operating profit being relatively flat in the second quarter. We expect better profit growth in the second half due to the net cost deflation and the Pringles synergies I discussed earlier. As was the case last quarter, our guidance for operating profit and earnings per share excludes the impact of mark-to-market adjustments. And one last housekeeping matter. Our Kashi business was previously reported as a component of our U.S. Morning Foods and Kashi operating segment. Earlier this year, we folded the respective Kashi cereal and Kashi snacks businesses into our Morning Foods and U.S. Snacks operating segments to better align strategy and execution. The changes to results are not material, but we have provided comparable 2012 data in Appendix 6 of this presentation. And now I'll turn it back over to John for a discussion of our segment.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Slide 12 shows the internal net sales growth performance of Kellogg North America. As you can see, the first quarter's results remained solid at 1.7% growth. Slide 13 shows the performance of the U.S. Morning Foods segment. Internal sales growth was 1.6% in Q1. Our cereal business gained 0.3 of a point of share in the first quarter. This was driven in part by Special K. We've had good innovation on the brand, including Chocolatey Strawberry and a restage of Special K Protein. All of this led to a very successful resolution program. And in fact, during Q1, Special K saw increased share, consumption and household penetration. Other brands also did well, including Mini-Wheats and Frosted Flakes, both of which gained share on strong rates of consumption. Although category growth improved sequentially during the quarter, it has been a little bit slower than we would like in recent periods. While the kids segment has been doing well, the adult segment has been lagging. Special K activity, I mentioned, is helping, and we're also doing our part with innovation. We have a lot of activity planned for the middle of the year that will address this further and which will be supported with brand building. The new products include Raisin Bran with Omega-3, Multi-Grain Special K, Kashi GOLEAN Vanilla and Kashi Cheer Heart to Heart, some of which are pictured on the slide. In addition, we're also expanding the definition of our categories. In the breakfast segment, the drinkable breakfast products you saw at our Investor Day in November are now expanding distribution, and we've also got hot cereal planned for introduction at midyear. These are both exciting steps for us and should also help drive adult consumption in the broader category. And finally, Pop-Tarts again had a strong quarter, with nearly 5% consumption growth and share growth. We also have some great innovation coming with 2 varieties of peanut butter-flavored Pop-Tarts launching in June. These are great products, which we are sure will contribute to the brand's continued success. Now let's turn to Slide 14 which details the internal net sales performance of the U.S. Snacks segment. The business posted an internal sales decline of 1.7% in the quarter. The cracker business posted a slight net sales decline, although the 4 main brands, Cheez-It, Town House, Club and Special K in combination, posted low single-digit sales growth. And remember that crackers were lapping a difficult high single-digit comparison in the first quarter last year. The sales performance this year was also partially driven by the timing of innovation. We've got increased innovation launching later in the year and expect this to drive better performance. The cookie business declined in the first quarter, due in part to a decline in 100 Calorie packs and the timing of promotions. The wholesome snacks business posted 3% sales growth, and we saw good growth in the business from innovation, including Special K Pastry Crisps and Nutri-Grain Fruit Crunch. In fact, the whole Nutri-Grain brand is growing as a result of the effective support, and we've got good commercial plans and more innovation planned for the whole segment at midyear. As you know, our Pringles business is not included in internal sales. If we'd owned Pringles during the first quarter of last year, net sales for the total snack segment would have been approximately flat due to the strong performance of Pringles. We gained nearly 1 point of share in the potato chip category in the quarter, as we benefited from strong commercial activity. Sales increased at a double-digit rate driven by distribution gains and good advertising, and growth was broad based. The Pringles brand is very responsive to investment and activity, and we've got more planned for the balance of the year. So we're not happy with the recent performance of the Snack business. Some of the weaknesses is due to timing, but core results could be better. The team is working hard, and we have plans for improved innovation and support. The business will likely remain challenging in the first half, but we're optimistic that results will improve over time. Slide 15 shows the performance of the North America Other segment, which includes the Canadian and Frozen Food businesses. The segment posted 7.4% internal net sales growth in the first quarter. In Canada, we saw low single-digit internal net sales growth. Cereal, crackers, frozen foods and the new breakfast beverages all contributed. Special K also gained share in Canada in Q1 due to a strong New Year's resolution program and good innovation, much like we saw in the U.S. In addition, other innovation contributed to sales growth such as Krave, Special K Granola, Nutri-Grain Bakes and Special K Crisps all did well. In the Frozen Foods business, we saw very strong double-digit growth in the frozen breakfast segment due to good results from innovation and gains in distribution. The new Special K Flatbread Sandwiches are doing very well and are driving most of the growth in the segment, and Eggo waffles also grew in the quarter. We also saw growth in the veggie category in the quarter. Last year, we advertised Morningstar Farms in the important summer season and saw good lift as a result. Because of this, we're beginning the support even earlier this year and have strong innovation planned. Slide 16 shows the net sales performance of the U.S. Specialty segment. As you can see, we posted 3.4% growth in the first quarter. We're fortunate to have Brian Huff here today to discuss the Specialty Channels business in more detail. You all know Brian from last year's Analyst Day. Brian is a 22-year veteran of Kellogg. He started with the company in 1991 in sales and became President of our U.S. Specialty Channels business in 2009. So with that, I'll turn it over to Brian to give you more detail.
Brian Huff: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I wanted to start today with a few slides to provide texture regarding the Specialty business and how we leverage and manage our portfolio across diverse channels. Specialty Channels is comprised of several distinct channels in multiple business segments representing over $1 billion in annual net sales. The 2 largest components of the business are Foodservice and the convenience and gas channel, our go-to-market model focused on business-to-business channels, specifically venues and customers catering to away-from-home consumption. As you can see on Slide 18, we have a tremendous foundation for growth with the largest share across most of our key categories and channels, including Foodservice, Convenience and Vending. This solid foundation provides us great potential for further expansion and growth. If you'll turn to Slide 19, you'll see the detail of the categories in which we compete. As you might imagine, we compete in the cereal, snacks, veggie food and hot breakfast categories. Kellogg's strategy is to focus on the unique characteristics of the various Away From Home venues and to adapt and innovate across our portfolio to bring our brands and food to life. It's this combination of a strong and diverse product portfolio and channel focus that provides us with the ability to better serve our customers. Slide 20 provides a brief history of the Specialty Channels business. As you can see, our Specialty business has evolved over time through a combination of acquisition and innovation. This progression has broadened our base and provided expansion opportunities across categories and venues. Our 2008 acquisition of Gardenburger in combination with Morningstar Farms was pivotal, as it provided us a "center of the plate" offering that is important to success in Away From Home venues. Most recently, our extensions into savory snacks and beverages will provide substantial opportunity for growth and expansion across all of these channels. Now let's turn to Slide 21. At the core of our strategy is the expansion of reach and brand impressions across the consumer landscape. The channels in which we compete provide Kellogg with significant opportunities to do just that, with over 2 million points of consumer intercept. We see opportunities in many of the venues and believe that our expanded portfolio of brands and Kellogg's unique offerings have great consumer relevance in these locations. Slide 22 shows the longer-term sales performance of our business, and you can see we've experienced good and consistent net sales growth over the past several years. Some of the key business drivers of this success have been excellent volumetric growth in the Convenience and Foodservice segment; robust innovation across the business; winning in K-12 schools; growth in the frozen breakfast category; expanding the footprint of our veggie foods business; and driving our largest brand, Special K, in single-serve options and offerings. So starting with Slide 23, I'd like to discuss some of the opportunities that we see in the business and some of the ways in which we think we'll drive future growth. We see significant opportunities for expansion into new categories for us, specifically savory snacks and beverages. These 2 categories represent huge revenue across the industry and are currently underrepresented at Kellogg. Bringing great brands such as Pringles, Kellogg's and Special K is a huge opportunity for us as well as our customers. We will continue to drive revenue growth by focusing on 3 key areas: by driving and expanding our core brands through incremental marketplace reach, establishing a single-serve beverage business and driving increased placement of savory snacks. While all of those opportunities are exciting, Slide 24 details some of the potential that we have as a result of the acquisition of Pringles. Pringles has been a great addition to our brand lineup and provides a strong anchor in a sandwich accompaniment that is critical in Away From Home venues. In combination with Special K and Cheez-It, these 3 strong brands bring diversity and variety to the category and provide accretive revenue growth for us and our customers. Pictured on Slide 24 is a merchandising display that features all 3 brands in single-serve packaging. We utilize this in multiple venues, including healthcare, convenience, college university and business and industry. Slide 25 highlights our convenience and gas channel, which, as you can see, is one of the fastest-growing channels in North America, which is fueled by product expansion and innovation. The channel continues its transformation and is improving its food offerings. This aligns extremely well with our brands. Special K is our fastest-growing brand in this channel, with excellent growth in protein bars, chips and beverages. In the future, our strategy will continue to focus on expanding our core portfolio and reach and investing in innovation to drive continued category growth. Now let's turn to Slide 26 to review our K-12 school business. Keeping our brands relevant and available to the 55 million K-12 students in the U.S. is a priority for Kellogg. We continue to invest in innovation and renovation of our brands to meet and even exceed USDA guidelines. Our recent success in this channel has been our Eggo mini pancakes and waffles. These products have allowed us to expand in the frozen breakfast category and bring one of our best-selling equities to K-12 schools. We know that children who start their day with breakfast perform better in school during the day, and we're committed to this important business and the role our brands can play. Slide 27 shows the opportunities that we have in veggie foods across the Away From Home channels. Center-of-the-plate offerings are critical to this business, and we have 2 powerhouse brands in Gardenburger and Morningstar Farms that have been doing extremely well. The veggie category remains on trend with consumers and offers us long-term sustainable growth and is currently underrepresented in Away From Home outlets. Consumers continue to seek meat alternatives, and we have terrific foods and brands that fill this marketplace need across our channels. Many growth opportunities remain in both commercial and non-commercial locations, and our strategy centers around the expansion of distribution and reach in both of these areas. So in summary, on Slide 28, I'd like to say that we remain very committed to and excited about our great Specialty Channels business. We have a long history of strong growth, and we've seen acceleration in recent years. We have #1 share positions in most of our businesses and categories. We've now got the power of the Pringles brand, and we've got great products in exciting new categories like savory snacks and beverages. And we have more great innovation planned for introduction in this business, which have great economics. I am very proud of what the team has achieved and would like to thank them all for all of their hard work. Our success is due to them, and we're all committed to continuing our focus on these important channels, businesses, customers and consumers. And now I'll turn it back over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Brian. Now let's turn to Slide 29 and our international businesses. The European business posted internal net sales growth of 2.6% in Q1, which continued the improved results we've seen since the back half of last year, and we gained category share in a number of countries in the region during the quarter. We saw excellent growth in the U.K., the largest business in the region, as we gained cereal category share and posted strong double-digit sales growth in the Kellogg's snack business. Our Crunchy Nut brand saw a very good performance driven by increased media and innovation. Other innovation also contributed, including Special K Cracker Crisps and Biscuit Moments. On the continent, our French cereal and snacks businesses performed well and grew share, and we saw improved performance in Italy behind the restage of our Special K cereal brand. This initiative will roll out across the rest of the region in the coming months. However, Spain continues to be the most difficult country in Europe for us, driven by economic conditions. We are taking a number of actions in this business, including increasing commercial activities and changes to packaging and pack sizes. This business will remain challenging, but we're optimistic regarding its long-term potential. Like most regions around the world, Europe posted strong Pringles consumption growth in the quarter, and this was achieved while the business was executing the integration into Kellogg's systems. So a very good performance from the team in Europe. Internal net sales increased by 0.3% in Asia Pacific in the quarter, although we saw strong 4% growth in consumption across the region. The difference was driven by a trade inventory reduction in Australia. However, underlying performance was strong in Australia, where we gained 2 points of category share in cereal and 1.5 points in snacks. We launched breakfast drinks in Australia earlier than we did in the U.S., which also contributed to the business's sales growth. Sales in India and Southeast Asia both increased at a double-digit rate, and Pringles also posted strong growth in the region, with underlying sales up at a high single-digit rate. We saw some softness in results in South Africa due to timing and in South Korea due to the competitive environment, but we're pleased with the underlying performance in the region and expect good results across the balance of the year. The Latin American business posted 7.4% internal sales growth as a result of strong price/mix gains and better volume performance. Most of the businesses in the region contributed to the overall growth. Sales growth in Mexico lagged the average in the quarter, but cereal consumption in Mexico was strong and regained share in the quarter. You'll remember that we were lapping an inventory build in the first half of last year in Mexico, which made comparisons this quarter more difficult. We also face difficult comparisons in the second quarter, but they'll get easier in the second half of the year. We also saw good growth elsewhere in Latin America. The Brazilian business posted good sales growth as a result of both price realization and improving volume performance as we increased distribution. The Venezuelan business also did very well in a difficult economic environment. Now let's turn to Slide 30 and the summary. The first quarter was a good start to the year with good overall sales growth. Overall operating profit results were also as anticipated and include the most significant net inflation we'll see all year. We saw continued strong performance from Pringles in most regions of the world, and the integration continues to go smoothly. And we are on track for the full year. So finally, I'd like to thank the 30,000 Kellogg employees around the world for all their hard work and dedication. And we'll open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Could you give us a sense of what level of upfront costs you're expecting for the full year. Given that you're coming off a year of slightly below-average investment there, should we expect to see an above-normal level of upfront cost this year, particularly with the benign inflation outlook you're guiding us to in the second half?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Matthew, our upfront costs are very consistent in 2013 with what we spent in 2012. So we're somewhere in the range of $0.10 to $0.12 of upfront cost for the year.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And just one follow-up on Europe. I believe in the prior year, you had a business disruption in the first quarter, which was quickly resolved, and I'd assume that comparison flattered this quarter's results in Europe to some extent. As we're revisiting our assumptions for Europe for the balance of the year, can you give us a sense for what underlying trends would have been in Q1, excluding this factor?
John A. Bryant: We feel very good about our performance in Europe in the first quarter. It was actually in line with our expectations, if not slightly ahead of what we had expect to deliver in Q1. If you look in the U.K., we actually did see some strong growth and see share gains in both cereal and in snacks. Same is true in France. We saw gains in cereal and snacks share. We do have some softness in Southern Spain -- sorry, in Spain and Italy continuing. Even though we gained share in Italy, we continue to see weakness in Spain. So if you look at Europe in the first quarter, it was very much in line with our expectations. The operating profit margin is very similar to what we expect to see for the entire year. We're still tracking to grow sales and profits across 2013, and we're happy to say that Pringles integration is continuing to go very well also. So while I agree it's a weak comparison, we're actually tracking right where we thought we would track and on target for the year.
Operator: And the next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You portrayed the input cost inflation being a picture of 2 halves, with the second half of '13 being down, and it seems to mirror the grains inflation that we would suspect many food companies will be experiencing. Is that -- does that seem to be setting up -- barring some sort of major weather shocks come from -- in this grain crop coming up for a down into '14 picture? And if so, if this feels a lot like the second half of '09, where all participants and even the retailers are sensing that this is a rather benign period, how do you see the competitive picture shaping up? And do you see participants sort of dialing up their promotions, or perhaps people are acting more rational than they did this time in the cycle last time?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Matthew, first, on the grains. It's a bit difficult for us to predict into -- or sorry, David, on the grains, difficult for us to predict on the grains going into 2014. We've got 2 crops that will need to be planted and harvested. We do have good visibility, though, to 2013. As I mentioned, we're largely covered across our grains at this point in time, so I feel very comfortable with our outlook on input inflation for this year.
John A. Bryant: David, I can't talk to what the competitive environment might be in the future, but if you look at our results over the last few years, we've come under pressure from increasing commodity prices. So as we go into a more benign environment, we'd hope to see margin improvement as we go forward from here.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then just one quick question on cereal. I think you mentioned adult cereal being a little bit more sluggish than you would have liked. Is your thinking about that category and the weakness that has seemed to persist -- are you getting any further thinking about why that category may not be as strong as one would have hoped this time in the pricing cycle?
John A. Bryant: Yes. I think if you look at the cereal category, it is a little softer than what we would like it to be. But you break it apart in different segments. So kids, we're actually growing in kids, and the category is growing in kids. In all family, we're growing, but the category is a little soft, but we feel okay about where all family is. It's really adults where the category and ourselves are both down about 5% in the first quarter, and that's where the opportunity for future growth lies. What is also interesting, David, is if you take the category and you break it up by income, the category is actually growing with low-income consumers but is actually declining a little bit with high-income consumers. So you boil it all down and say the big opportunity in the cereal category right now is high-income boomers. And so what are we doing to address high-income boomers? We have innovation coming out this year around Raisin Bran Omega-3, Heart to Heart Cheer, Special K Multi-Grain. So we have a range of innovation targeted at those adult consumers, plus we think we have a very strong adult portfolio between Special K, Kashi, Bear Naked. And if we can get those brands all driving on all cylinders, I think we can really drive all the adult consumption in the category.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to ask the flip side of the question on grains because -- I know it's early, but we are seeing the latest plantings of corn in history, really, at this point. So on the one hand, it's early, right, and there's not much of a correlation between late plantings and higher corn prices and yields and so forth. But on the other hand, we're getting to a point where most analysts, I think, who are looking at corn say we have about 2 weeks left before it's time to get really concerned. So I'm just wondering, Ron, what are your people seeing? What is your take on that? I know it won't affect you at all until 2014 at the earliest, but when do you start maybe worrying about the late plantings and how that might affect your longer-term commodity outlook?
Ronald L. Dissinger: It's difficult to predict. Some of our folks have told us that years previous, when there have been late plantings, we've actually seen record harvest. So it's difficult to predict, Ken, at this point in time. Obviously, we're going to continue to watch the markets. And as you know, we use -- take appropriate coverage when we think it's the right time. So we'll provide guidance as we get into the fourth quarter call in 2014.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Nothing that you're overly concerned with yet at this point?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Not at this time. No.
Operator: And next we have a question from Thilo Wrede of Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I actually had a question for Brian. Brian, you showed a slide in your part of the presentation with joint marketing or displays for products like Pringles and Special K. Can you talk a little bit on how such a display is actually driving sales for the brands? Because in my view, the Pringles consumer and the Special K consumer, they're different people. The products have different brand equities, different attributes. So I'm just trying to understand how this sales boost really works?
Brian Huff: Yes. No, thanks for the question, too, by the way. As we're looking at it, it's fairly early in our stages of -- with our Pringles integration and our strategy, which truly is about ubiquitous distribution as we're looking at our business and building our commercial plans. But as we've seen here in the short term, we're getting significant growth and revenue from not only the Pringles business, which, in the first quarter, was up over 30% on an organic basis, but also the halo effect that, that's having on Special K as well as our Cheez-It business. And truly, it all comes down to choice and consumer choice. So we're very excited that we have a great diversity and variety of product out in the marketplace that really do help drive that consumer choice and meet multiple consumer needs.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So is the benefit coming from the halo effect or just from the fact that you have an -- for lack of a better word, an excuse to put up these displays that are more prominent in the store?
Brian Huff: Well, we're always looking for excuses to put up more displays and showcase our brands. But what I will tell you is a big piece of what we're seeing is having our brands out there in front of the consumers. We have dynamite brands. And the strength of Pringles, Special K, as well as our Cheez-It brands, the more that we can showcase and focus them to the consumers, the better off our business performs.
Operator: And the next question is from Greg Hessler of Bank of America.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My question is just on future capital allocation, given the buyback announcement today. It looks like you're reducing debt through the quarter. Are you planning for further debt reduction? And if so, how do you expect to balance this with the buyback plan? And then I have one follow-up.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure. In relation to the billion-dollar buyback plan that we just announced, I wouldn't read anything into that. Our expectations for 2013 are very consistent with what we've communicated previously. We intend to buy back shares to the extent of options proceeds. The billion-dollar authorization does give us the opportunity to, in 2014, buy back shares. The authorization goes through the end of April at this point in time. So our capital allocation remains the same. From the end of the second quarter last year, around the time that we purchased the Pringles business, we reduced our debt by about $700 million by the end of the first quarter here. So expectation is very consistent with what we've previously communicated.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then it looks like leverage is still somewhat elevated relative to pre-Pringles levels. Is it the company's goal to continue to reduce debt and try to hold on to the high BBB credit rating? Or are you kind of looking at it and, with rates where they are today, maybe a mid-BBB is a better target? How do you guys think about the overall credit rating?
Ronald L. Dissinger: At this time, we like our BBB+ credit rating, and our intent is to try to maintain that credit rating and pay down our debt associated with the Pringles acquisition.
Operator: And the next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just one quick clarification and then a broader question. Ron, on the underlying gross margin down 330 basis points, is that putting the mark -- is that impacting the mark-to-market impact all in gross margin? Or is it broken between gross margin and SG&A?
Ronald L. Dissinger: The mark-to-market impact -- first of all, we mark-to-market on pensions at the end of the year; and commodities, obviously, we'll do quarterly. We did see some hangover from the mark-to-market on pensions that carried into the first quarter. There's a portion of that, that relates to our manufacturing facilities. It gets capitalized into inventory, and it comes back out in the first quarter of the year. Very consistent with what happened in 2012. In terms of the impact to our gross margin performance, the mark-to-market really had very little impact. The 2 key items that impacted our gross margin performance, Andrew, were the net inflation. That was more than 200 basis points of impact. And in addition to that, the dilution from the Pringles acquisition, having that for the 3 months of 2013 versus it not being in our numbers last year. There were a few other small items that related to upfront costs in our Asia Pacific region, and I talked about the investments in supply chain to relaunch Special K in Europe as well. The margin performance is very consistent with our plan. The other thing I would mention, our outlook for the entire year also is very consistent. So we communicated previously that we expected for the year to be down around 50 basis points. That's essentially driven by the dilution from Pringles. Our underlying or base business gross margin is expected to be flat in 2013.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then, John, if we look at just the organic sales growth in Morning Foods in the quarter, I think it was up 1.7%. And I think in the fourth quarter, it was up a little over 6%. And I know some of that was a buy-in in the cereal arena. But it certainly, at least sequentially, decelerated despite pricing coming in quite a bit relative to where it was in the fourth quarter. I guess the big sort of industry thesis, but I like as well, is as pricing wanes, volume kind of starts to come back, and that was the big impact last year on volume. I guess -- are you concerned that we're either not seeing that play out or just not seeing it play out as dramatically as I think everyone, including the industry, would like to see? Trying to get a sense of if I'm reading that right.
John A. Bryant: Well, if I look within the cereal category, as I said before, we're actually seeing strength with low-income consumers, strength with kids. We're doing well in all family categories also. It's really adult where we are seeing weakness, it's high-income adults. I don't think they're really that price-sensitive. It's not about -- as prices come up, we'd normally expect volumes naturally to follow with high-income boomers. I think the real issue there is our innovation, and the innovation in the category needs to be more nutrition and benefit-oriented and, quite frankly, less about pricing and merchandising. And that's the opportunity, I think, we have as a company; I think the category has as well. And I think the more we drive into that, the more we're going to grow the business. And in addition to that, when you think about the weakness in the cereal category, we're also doing things to give people the benefits of cereals outside that normal definition of ready-to-eat cereal. So we have Kellogg's To Go Shakes, and we have the Breakfast Biscuits, and we have also hot cereal in there as well. That's also all driving our cereal consumption but not getting captured in the uptake [ph] data. If you look in Q1, our Morning Foods sales growth was up 1.6%, 1.7%, and the consumption for cereal is actually down. Our cereal sales are actually down a little bit in Q1, and the difference there is very strong Pop-Tarts performance in the first quarter. That's what's driving the difference between consumption and shipments in Q1.
Operator: And the next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So within the U.S. Snacks business, I think there was a comment that there were some timing issues and the core results were somewhat weak. Could you maybe just give us a little bit of an elaboration on that? And is that likely to persist into the next quarter?
John A. Bryant: Yes, Alexia. Snacks' top line was down 1.7% in the quarter. If you dig within that, look at the different businesses, wholesome snacks actually performed pretty well, with shipments up about 3%. We held share, and we had some good strength behind Special K and Nutri-Grain, both up double digits. So we feel okay about wholesome snacks in Q1. On crackers, the sales were down slightly, but we were lapping a big 9% growth in the first quarter last year. We had a huge Special K Cracker Chips resolution program. As you look in 2013, our innovation is more in the second quarter, and we have 2 large new products coming out with Cheez-It Zings and Town House Pita. So we expect a much better cracker performance in Q2 as we go through the year. So that's really more of the timing, if you like, within crackers. The one business that's probably softer than we'd like is cookies, where consumption was down about 5.5% in the first quarter. Within that, we do have more innovation coming out in Q2. We have 2 "simply made" SKUs coming out, a butter cookie and a chocolate chip cookie, which are basically just 8 ingredients, more homemade. Plus we have a new pack design, and we have improved merchandising plans. So I think we've got programs in place on cookies. That's the one area where we're a little weaker than we would like to be from a consumption perspective. The good news is Pringles continues to do extremely well. In fact, the Pringles consumption, when you include Stix, was up 13% in the first quarter. So a very strong performance there. To answer your question about phasing in the year, probably a little bit better in Q2 and much better as we go through the back half of the year, because that innovation will start to hit towards the back part of Q2.
Operator: And next we have a question from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. I guess just kind of following up on Alexia's question. You said, I think, Ron, that the bulk of the impact of inflation in the quarter was in snacks. Did that limit your competitiveness to the extent that Mondelez is getting more aggressive in cookies and crackers?
Ronald L. Dissinger: No. We did see more input inflation in Snacks in the first quarter, but that didn't have any impact on our end-market plans necessarily, Eric.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess just another question. You answered -- I guess it was more of a bond-oriented question around the buyback as being nothing different. But you also indicated that if currency in general and the hit from the Venezuelan devaluation, as well as -- I guess it was somewhat higher shares due to the stock price and the dilution, that you could offset that and had some flexibility? Doesn't that go against what you just said about the difference in the repo?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Not necessarily. I mean, we're buying back shares to the extent of options proceeds. So what I talked about was potentially a little bit more volatility in the currencies. We said we'd seen as much as $0.03 to $0.05 of headwind, but it depends upon how that plays out for the balance of the year. And yes, we are seeing a little bit more dilution as a result of a higher share price. But we have plans and are working on items below the line to improve our performance. Those items include tax and interest costs, Eric. So when you look at our tax rate, I communicated we might be at approximately 30%. That could come down slightly based on the plans that we're working on. And same with interest costs. I communicated we could be in a range of $230 million to $240 million. We could be more towards the low end of that range based on the things that we're working on if we saw currencies continue to stay adverse. Now what we've seen just over the past couple of weeks is currencies have -- international currencies have actually started to strengthen.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So what's the right share count that we should use for the year, given your plans at the moment?
Ronald L. Dissinger: We're still seeing 1 point to 2 points of impact from share dilution.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then a last question; I'll pass it on. John, I guess you've got this -- hopefully, this bucket of deflation that will give you some flexibility in the second half. You've put a lot of money back into the business in the last couple of years, whether it's on the supply chain side or on the advertising and new products side. I mean, what's your sense in terms of putting that into promotion to drive sales or seeing a balance with a greater EBIT growth? Maybe you could talk a little bit about that, and I'll pass it on.
John A. Bryant: Well, Eric, I think what we've said today is we're on track for our guidance for the year. So we are looking for -- to deliver that guidance, which has some margin expansion implicit in it, particularly within the back half of the year. And within that, obviously, we continue to be committed to driving our brands. As I said before, talking about the cereal category, I think it's more to do with benefits to the consumers and in communicating those benefits rather than additional promotional activity or pricing and so on. That would be an alternative way of investing the money.
Operator: And our next question is from Jonathan Feeney of Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: John, you mentioned the opportunity here is in innovation at the high end. I can't argue with that if you're having success at the low end. But when I look at your volume over the past 5 or 6 years, it's down both in North America and globally at a time when pricing was up about 20%, 18%, respectively, for those regions. And I'm just going off the organic numbers you've given us over that time. So correct me if I'm wrong, but gross profit has to be way up. And I guess I'm wondering, does -- gross profit per unit, I'm talking about. Do you -- I guess, do you -- has that been consistent that the low end has been doing better than the high end over the past couple of years? And is it possible that you could accelerate even more by taking pricing down? Or is it really just that you haven't done enough on the high end and messaging?
John A. Bryant: Yes, Jonathan. I think if I go back to when we were really doing well in the 2000s, we were driving Special K and Kashi very aggressively and were seeing good growth in that business, and that, in turn, then drives the category performance. I think that's an opportunity as we go forward here.
Operator: Our final question will come from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I have 2 questions for you. I wanted to ask, first of all, in relation to the gross margin performance, you indicated around -- over $80 million of net inflation if I heard that correctly? Meaning that, that comes through the majority of your gross margin decline for the quarter? Pringles, I assume, also was a bit of a drag on the gross margin. So I know it's not fair to call it underlying, because the inflation is part of the business, but it would sure seem like the underlying business, if you will, kind of getting past that inflation, was pretty solid in the quarter. Would you agree with that viewpoint?
Ronald L. Dissinger: That's a very fair statement. So more than 200 basis points of the gross margin impact was this net inflation impact. And then as I mentioned, 80 basis points from Pringles. So the underlying health in the business really was quite strong.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a question regarding promotional spending overall. You had positive price realization. I'm just curious how -- if you could characterize promotional spending in your categories and how Kellogg's promotion was in the quarter. I know there's been a couple of questions around this, I wasn't clear on how -- if your promotion was up in the quarter or down versus the price realization.
John A. Bryant: We always compete in intensely competitive categories. And I'd say that all of our categories, while they were competitive, they're reasonably rational. So I think that we continue to operate according to our plan, and our plan comes back to really brand building and innovation and driving and exciting the consumer. So we're staying competitive out there, but I -- and I'm not seeing any increasing competitive pressures that overly concern me.
Simon Burton: Okay. Thank you, guys, for joining us. And I look forward to speaking with some of you over the course of the next few days.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-05 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon Burton - Executive Officer of Snacks business unit John A. Bryant - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Michael Allen
Analysts: Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Varun Gokarn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will turn the conference over to Simon Burton, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference.
Simon Burton: Thanks, Laura. Good morning, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today for a review of our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results. I'm joined here today by John Bryant, our President and CEO; Ron Dissinger, our Chief Financial Officer; Michael Allen, President of our U.S. Frozen Foods business. As you know, we highlight different business units periodically and Michael's here to discuss our Frozen Food business in more detail. In addition, due to changes in how we account for pensions and other postretirement benefits, we have provided additional detail in this presentation, in the earnings press release and in an 8-K, which was also filed this morning. The press release and slides to support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you're aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront cost, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Friday, February 8. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And now I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. 2012 was an important year for Kellogg Company. And we're pleased to have announced full year results, which were in line with our expectations. Sales growth was right in the middle of our guidance range, and our results improved sequentially as we moved through the year. North America, Latin America and Asia Pacific all posted growth for the year, and Europe saw much better performance in the second half of the year. Internal operating profit also met our expectations and we continue to invest in the business. In North America, our U.S. Cereal business posted a strong performance as a result of good innovation, investment in brand building and strong execution by the team. Also in North America, our Frozen Foods and Specialty Channels businesses had another very good year with both posting strong internal sales growth. And in Europe, which was our most challenging region early in 2012, we saw improved internal sales performance as the year progressed. For the full year, our reported earnings per share was towards the high end of our guidance range, and cash flow came in at $1.2 billion, also at the high end of our expectations. And we achieved this performance while successfully integrating Pringles into the business. As you know, the acquisition of Pringles is the second largest in the company's history and the business is a great strategic fit. I'm happy to say that the integration is going well. Now let's turn to Slide 4, which showed some highlights for the fourth quarter. As you can see, we ended 2012 with strong results. For the total company, internal sales growth increased by 5.3% in the fourth quarter with all of the regions contributing to growth. In North America, we saw a 5.5% internal sales growth. U.S. Cereal had a strong quarter as did the Canadian business, and both U.S. Specialty and Frozen Foods posted double-digit gains. The sequential improvement we saw through the year continued in international businesses as well. Europe posted internal sales growth of just less than 3% in Q4. Asia Pacific saw good growth of 5%, and Latin America posted 9% growth. Our plan for the year was for sequential improvement. As the year progressed, this is what we achieved. The plan includes high levels of brand building later in the year, and our results in the fourth quarter include the effect of this investment. In fact, brand-building activity increased at a double-digit rate in Q4. This investment, combined with the strong innovation we launched throughout the year, helped drive our results. So 2012 was a transition year. We posted improvement and we ended the year in a much stronger position. We invested in the business, drove our model and the results reflect this activity. We recognize that we still have work to do and that economic conditions remain difficult in some regions. However, I'm encouraged by the progress we have made. We are well positioned and I am optimistic about our potential as we enter 2013. Now I'll turn it over to Ron.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Before I review the performance, it's important to note that our reported results for operating profit and earnings per share include the impact of the pension accounting changes we highlighted at our Investor Day in November. Our comparable internal results have been adjusted to show results prior to the pension accounting change and also exclude acquisitions, divestitures and the impact of foreign currency privilege. And we're providing underlying earnings per share which exclude integration costs. Our 2011 results have also been recast for comparability. Slide 5 shows our fourth quarter and year-to-date financial results. For the quarter, reported sales growth was 18.2%. Internal sales growth was 5.3%. Reported operating profit was impacted by a $401 million noncash mark-to-market charge on pensions. Comparable internal operating profit decreased by 7.6%. This was driven by cost inflation, a double-digit increase in investment in brand building and timing of upfront costs resulting from an initiative in Australia. For the full year, reported sales growth was 7.6% and internal sales growth was 2.5%. Comparable internal operating profit decreased by 5.9%, consistent with our expectations. The full year decline was the result of cost inflation, the impact of the third quarter's limited recall and increased investment in brand building. Reported earnings were a negative $0.09 per share in the fourth quarter and $2.67 for the full year. Both fourth quarter and full year reported results include a pension mark-to-market charge for a decline in the discount rate, partially offset by better-than-expected asset returns. Earnings per share were $0.67 in the fourth quarter, excluding the pension accounting change and $0.05 of Pringles integration costs, up 4.7% versus last year. For the full year, earnings per share, excluding the pension accounting change and Pringles integration costs net of onetime benefits, were $3.37. Slide 6 shows a walk for earnings per share to provide clarity on the performance for the year. As you can see, we reported 2012 EPS of $2.67. The mark-to-market adjustment was $0.85, and the onetime step-up due to the elimination of the amortization of previous losses on the pension assets was $0.24, in line with our previous estimates. Adjusting for these items, earnings per share was $3.28, at the high end of our previous as-recorded guidance of $3.18 to $3.30 per share. If you add back the net integration costs associated with Pringles, which were $0.09 per share, you get a better picture of our underlying earnings per share, which were $3.37. We believe this method is comparable to how analysts and investors are viewing our earnings. It's worth noting, too, that the $0.24 will be a permanent step-up in the earnings base as it's the elimination of the amortization of losses on pensions. As a result, the base 2012 EPS we used for comparisons includes the step-up, and I'll discuss guidance for 2013 in a few minutes and how this change will be viewed in terms of our basis for growth in 2013. Slide 7 details the components of fourth quarter and full year sales growth. As you can see, internal sales growth increased by 2.5% for the full year. Reported sales increased by 7.6%. Volume increased by 2.6% in the fourth quarter and reflected the strong growth posted by most of the North American businesses. We've seen consistent improvement in our volume performance as we have moved through the year. Price and mix increased by 2.7% in the fourth quarter and by 3.3% for the full year. So we had a good balance of volume and price mix growth in the fourth quarter. The sales growth in the fourth quarter and the full year was broad based. We saw growth in all of our key categories: cereal, snacks and our specialty and frozen businesses. In addition, all of our regions across the globe contributed to the growth for the quarter. The addition of Pringles was the primary contributor to the increased 12.7 points in the quarter and 6.5 points for the full year related to acquisitions and divestitures. Currency reduced sales growth by 1.4 points for the year. Slide 8 shows our gross profit and gross margin performance for the full year. Full year gross profit increased by 3% to $5.7 billion. Full year margin declined by 1.8 points, consistent with our expectations and was impacted by cost inflation, as well as the lower margin structure for Pringles. As we've mentioned before though, we have begun to make changes which will increase the margins of the Pringles business over time. Our productivity savings were in line with our expectations for the year and our long-term target of 3% to 4%. Now let's turn to Slide 9 and our investment in brand building. We increased brand building at a double-digit rate in the quarter. It follows a significant increase in the third quarter as well. This showed strong investment growth across most regions behind brands such as Special K and Frosted Flakes, and our investment supported strong sales growth across the regions. Our brand-building investment can vary by quarter and from year-to-year due to commercial plans and the timing of innovation. In 2012, our brand building was weighted more to the second half of the year. For the full year, our brand-building growth was also broadly in line with the rate of sales growth. And we've got some exciting plans for investment in 2013, and we also expect improvement in efficiency and effectiveness. We'll focus on increasing investments in advertising in 2013, including in the digital space and with Hispanic-oriented programs, while also maintaining strong levels of consumer promotion. Slide 10 details the quarterly internal operating profit performance for each of the regions. Comparable internal operating profit for the total company decreased by 7.6% in the fourth quarter, as I mentioned earlier. North America's internal operating profit decreased by 1.6%. As has been the case all year, commodity inflation had a meaningful impact on results. In addition, the North America business increased its investment in brand building by more than 15% during the quarter. This was a significant increase and helped drive 5.5% sales growth. Internal operating profit in Europe declined by 7.7% in the quarter. This was in line with our expectations and included significant commodity inflation, as well as an increase in brand building. In addition, macro conditions in the region, especially in Southern Europe, continue to be difficult. We do expect to see this region grow profit in 2013. Internal operating profit in Latin America increased by 19.7%. This was driven by strong net sales growth of more than 9% and a relatively easier comp. Asia Pacific posted a decrease in internal operating profit of more than 70% in Q4, mostly due to upfront costs associated with the plant closure in Australia. This was included in our guidance for total upfront cost but it has had a significant impact on Asia Pacific's Q4 operating profit. In addition to this, Asia Pacific also increased its investment in brand building at a double-digit rate. Slide 11 shows our year-to-date cash flow. Year-to-date cash flow was just over $1.2 billion, an increase of $220 million versus last year, and this does include the working capital benefit from the acquisition of Pringles, as well as slightly lower capital spending. Full year capital spending was $533 million or 3.8% of sales, slightly below our previous expectations due to the timing of investment between 2012 and 2013. Of course, we have continued our capacity investments in Pringles to support future growth. Share repurchases were $63 million for the full year, with all the repurchases occurring in the first quarter. Options proceeds were $229 million so we have seen some dilution. In 2012, we focused on paying down debt. But as we move into 2013, we are likely to repurchase shares to the extent of options proceeds to reduce dilution impact. Consistent with our commitment, we have reduced our debt by nearly $400 million from the time of the Pringles acquisition. Slide 12 shows our guidance for 2013, which hasn't changed since our Investor Day in November. We continue to expect that reported net sales will increase by approximately 7%. The impact of Pringles will be about 5 points of the reported growth, and we expect currency to be a 1 point headwind. So we anticipate that internal net sales will increase by approximately 3%. However, as I told you at our Investor Day, 3% is just an estimate. Pringles is included in our comparable results for the last 7 months of the year, but we could see business shift between the periods impacting our comparable results but not reported results. It is important to note that we do expect continued cost inflation in 2013. We expect inflation to be approximately 5%, but we are anticipating cost savings at the high end of our 3% to 4% range to partially offset the impact. As we think about the shape of the year, our inflation is more front-end loaded and our savings a bit more back-end loaded. We expect that gross margins will be down approximately 50 basis points, primarily due to the full year impact of a lower margin on Pringles. Reported operating profit growth will be slightly higher than reported earnings per share growth of 5% to 7%. EPS growth is impacted by a headwind from certain favorable onetime benefits we saw in the second quarter of 2012. Recall that have discussed these items several times, onetime benefits in taxes and transactional currency totaling $0.07 of earnings per share. Our earnings per share also includes an estimate of a $0.02 headwind from currency translation, so results could be impacted if currency rates differ significantly from our estimates. We expect our 2013 tax rate to be approximately 30%, up approximately 1 point from our underlying rate in 2012. Also included in the results are Pringles integration costs of between $0.12 and $0.14 per share. We posted good cash flow growth in 2012, partially due to some benefits from the acquisition. We expect cash flow in 2013 will be between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion. We anticipate that capital spending will be slightly more than 4% of sales due to the timing of spending that I mentioned earlier. This will allow us to continue to invest in capacity needs for Pringles, as well as other capacity, productivity and infrastructure requirements across our business. During the first quarter, we expect solid sales growth, but commodity inflation and timing of other costs will impact operating profit. So we expect the comparable operating profit may decline slightly year-over-year. Also, we'll be lapping the $0.05 benefit from interest rate hedges from the first quarter of 2012. These were related to the Pringles acquisition. So our earnings per share is expected to be down in the first quarter. Of course, our guidance on operating profit and earnings per share excludes the impact of mark-to-market adjustments. Slide 13 is a walk from 2012 earnings per share to our 2013 guidance. You can see the reported 2012 EPS base excluding the impact of mark-to-market and before the changes to pension accounting, $3.28 per share. As we said earlier, the change in pension accounting adds $0.24 to this base to give a 2012 earnings per share of $3.52. We expect reported growth, including a $0.02 currency impact, of between 5% and 7% for 2013 or a range of $3.70 to $3.77 a share. Excluding the $0.12 to $0.14 per share of integration costs, our earnings per share range is $3.82 to $3.91. So we have good growth in earnings per share in 2013 on both the reported basis and excluding integration costs. And with that, I'll turn it back over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Slide 14 shows the internal revenue growth posted by Kellogg North America. We've seen a lot of improvement during the year and ended with strong 5.5% growth in Q4. Each of the segments posted growth for both the quarter and for the year, which is excellent performance. Now let's turn to Slide 15 and the performance of the Morning Foods and Kashi segment. Internal sales growth was 6.3% in Q4, including our strong growth of 4% last year. Our Q4 sales benefited from a build in retail inventory in preparation for strong resolution program and new product launches. In Cereal, we gained 0.7 of 1 point of category share in the quarter. Krave continues to hold almost 1 point of share as it has all year, and we saw good growth in some of the other brands that we supported such as Frosted Flakes, Froot Loops and Raisin Bran. Frosted Flakes did very well all year due to strong family-oriented advertising that really resonated with consumers. The innovation we launched in the second half also contributed and Special K Protein posted very good sales growth and also gained share. And our Bear Naked brand continued to post strong results. Pop-Tarts posted consumption growth of 3.4% and gained 1 point of a share in Q4. Share also increased for the full year to 83.8% with innovation like Oatmeal Delights and Wild! Fruit Fusion contributing to the growth. We expect good performance from this segment in 2013, as we have innovations such as Special K Chocolatey Strawberry and Mini-Wheats Crunch that were just launched, as well as the Kellogg's Breakfast Drinks we showed at the Analyst Day in November. Slide 16 shows the internal net sales performance of the U.S. Snacks segment over the last couple of years. The business posted internal sales growth of 0.7%, but this was lapping a very difficult comparison of almost 9% growth in Q4 of last year. We saw a mid-single digit sales growth in the Crackers business in the fourth quarter, building on a comp of more than 9% last year. Our 4 core brands, Cheez-It, Club, Special K and Town House posted a combined growth of 5%. Special K Cracker Chips and Popcorn Chips, which we introduced during the third quarter of last year, both continue to do very well. We've got some great innovation planned for 2013, including barbecue cracker chips and new flavors of Popcorn Chips and Cheez-It. The Cookie business posted increased internal net sales for the full year. Although we saw a decline in sales in the quarter, we were lapping a mid-single-digit comp last year. The Sandies business did well in the quarter and we have a lot of activity and innovations planned for 2013, including Brownie and Pretzel Bites and Chips Deluxe Triple Chocolate. The wholesome snacks business was lapping a very difficult double-digit comp in the fourth quarter. However, we continue to see strong results from innovation, including Special K Pastry Crisps. And we also expect that innovation will contribute to growth in 2013. The launch of a new FiberPlus protein bar is going well, and we have Nutri-Grain Fruit Crunch, Special K Protein bars and a new flavor of Pastry Crisps all being launched. Finally, we remain very pleased with our U.S. Pringles business. Sales increased at a mid-single-digit rate in Q4, and the brand responded well to holiday activity and ended the year with even stronger results in December. As you know, we exclude the impact of Pringles from our internal growth rate calculation. Slide 17 shows recent performance of the U.S. Specialty segment. Internal net sales growth was 10% in Q4 and was more than 7% for the full year. We increased sales with our top customers in both the quarter and the year, driven by strong results from innovation and excellent effort by the team to expand points of distribution. In addition, each of the businesses, food service, convenience and vending posted strong rates of growth for the year. We're very pleased with 2012's results and expect great performance from this business again in 2013. Slide 18 shows the performance of the North America Other segment, which includes the Canadian and Frozen Foods businesses. The Canadian business posted mid-single-digit sales growth in the quarter. New products such as Krave, Special K Cracker Chips and Special K Shakes helped drive our growth. We've also seen good growth in our Frozen Food business in Canada. Now I'll turn it over to Michael Allen who will discuss our U.S. Frozen Food business in more detail.
Michael Allen: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to start today with a couple of slides that some of you might remember from the Analyst Day in November. However, I realized that some of you might not have seen them and they do give important context. So if we turn to Slide 20, you'll see some information regarding the history of the Frozen Food business at Kellogg. Eggo was the first toaster waffle and dates all the way back to 1953. As you can see, Kellogg purchased Eggo in 1970, and I'll show you some data later about how the brand has grown more recently. We added Worthington Foods and the Morningstar Farms brand in 1999 and Gardenburger in 2007. You'll see, too, that we took our own Kashi brand into the Frozen Food category in 2006. Given the attractiveness of our brands and the growth of the categories in which we compete, we are focused on continuing to drive organic growth. Page 21 provides some detail regarding the segments of the Frozen Food category in which we compete. As you can see, we're in 3 segments that are posting significant rates of growth. This makes these segments much more attractive than many others in the Frozen Food category, and within these segments, we have differentiated brands and products. The frozen breakfast category, which includes waffles, pancakes, breakfast sandwiches and entrées, posted consumption growth of 3.4% in 2012. These products provide convenience and, in the case of our new Special K Flatbread sandwiches, protein and relatively fewer calories. Our flatbreads have only recently been introduced, but we've seen great retail acceptance and strong velocity. The frozen veggie category posted consumption growth of more than 7% in 2012 as many consumers choosing between meat and veggie alternatives chose our veggie alternatives. Those are not all converts to vegetarian diets. Instead, the growth comes predominantly from people who continue to view meat as an option. Our products provide alternatives for consumers without requiring them to give up any of the taste or protein that they love. And finally, the natural and organic segment grew more than 10% last year due to the combination of convenience and increasing demand for natural and organic foods. Our Kashi brands plays very well in this space. It's a brand that consumers know and trust and we've added innovations to our existing pizza and entrée businesses. In 2012, we launched Kashi Steam Meals, a convenient and easy way to get delicious, natural meals. Now let's turn to Slide 22 and a discussion of recent performance. Many of you may not realize that the Frozen Foods business is one of Kellogg's fastest growing. As you can see on the chart, we posted internal net sales growth of almost 13% in the fourth quarter and full year sales growth of almost 11%. While we're seeing very strong rates of category growth, we're also focusing on innovation to continue to provide healthy options for consumers. I've mentioned Special K Flatbreads already, but we've quite a few other new products that have contributed. The Eggo brand remains very popular with moms and we've seen very strong rates of all-family consumption. This has been increased by the introduction of several innovations, including Thick & Fluffy Waffles which have been a huge success and, more recently, Wafflers. So these are really strong results and are a testament to all the hard work the team did last year. Slide 23 shows the progression of sales growth for the Frozen Foods business over the last 3 years. The results have been impressive and you can see that we've seen considerable growth over much of the last decade. We posted a sales compound annual growth rate of more than 8% over the last 9 years, which is fantastic performance, and we've seen even faster growth more recently. Eggo's share of the waffle category is now at an all-time high and we've managed that with fewer SKUs, so a real achievement. Slide 24 is a slide I showed at the analyst meeting. It details the recent revenue growth posted by the peer group of frozen food manufacturers. As I mentioned earlier, we compete in advantaged segments of the broader category, which obviously continues -- contributes to our growth. However, the innovation I discussed is also a factor and you can see that we've outpaced the sales growth of the rest of the industry in 2012. It's interesting to note that our nearest competitor on the chart is actually a combination of private label manufacturers and we grew at almost twice their rate. So we're in the right segments of the category and we're executing well. Finally, I should also mention that we're seeing very good rates of growth in more nontraditional channels such as food service, schools and drug and discount stores. So as consumption and shopping habits change, we're adapting accordingly. Chart 25 shows some of the drivers of the Eggo business. Eggo's a very attractive brand that responds very well with brand building. As a result, we're continuing to make significant investments, including in the digital space. Eggo is one of the strongest equities at Kellogg and we continue to see penetration upside. This brand has grown historically behind that line of L'Eggo my Eggo. And because the brand is so popular, we got great support from our customers. They like it's responsiveness to investment, how incremental the innovation is to sales and a long track record of growth. It's also interesting that a majority of our sales are base sales. In fact, this is a category has very low level of incremental activity and we see very little seasonal effect unlike many other categories. Chart 26 shows the sales growth that's resulted in the last few years. As you can see, we've seen 8% compounded growth over the last 9 years, which is really excellent performance, and the growth has been even faster in the last couple of years. Obviously, given the plans we have for 2013, we're optimistic regarding growth again this year. Slide 27 and 28 show a similar look at the Morningstar Farms brand. Again, Morningstar competes in a fast-growing, on-trend categories and the brand really responds to investment in brand building. We ramped up our activity in May of 2012 and we saw a significant response in sales as a result. Consumers are looking for more meat alternatives and Morningstar Farms provides this while delivering great taste. Innovation is important in this segment as well. Existing consumers like the choice alternatives and new consumers can be drawn into the category by innovative new products. For these reasons, variety is important and we've done a very good job of expanding our offerings. Avoidance of meat is an important customer trend and we're well positioned to benefit and even drive the category. As you can see on Slide 28, all this activity and the growth characteristics of the category have resulted in a strong growth for Morningstar Farms as well in recent years. The 9-year compound annual growth rate for the net sales is more than 6% and again, we have strong plans for 2013 and expect the good results to continue. And now let's turn to Slide 29 and look at some of the innovation we've got planned for 2013. I've mentioned the importance of innovation a number of times today and you can see on the chart that we've got some great new products planned for introduction. We have new varieties of Kashi Steam Meals and Kashi Pizza. We have the Special K Flatbread sandwiches I discussed earlier. We have a new Morningstar Farms burger, the Mediterranean Chickpea Burger. We have S'mores Eggo Waffles, Special K Red Berries Waffles and new Eggo Drizzlers in 2 flavors, blueberry and strawberry. These waffles come with the topping and are a delicious addition to the brand. As I mentioned, innovation is largely incremental in our categories and we're optimistic about the great lineup of new products we have ready for 2013. Let's turn to Slide 30 and the summary. Hopefully, you can see we have a strong Frozen Foods business in the United States. The business is anchored by strong brands which are growing in attractive, on-trend categories. Our innovation has been largely incremental while our core business continues to grow. We will continue to invest in this business and build upon our leadership position. We have a dedicated team of Frozen Foods professionals who are focused on these categories and our key customers each and every quarter. Thank you. And now I'll turn it back over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Michael. Now let's turn to Slide 31 and our international businesses. The European business posted internal sales growth of almost 3% in the fourth quarter. This was a sequential improvement and continued the trend we've seen all year. The cereal category in the U.K. continues to be competitive, but we saw improvement in our total U.K. business in the second half of the year. Crunchy Nut has responded to recent activity and the Snacks business has done very well. Recent innovation including Biscuit Moments, Breakfast Biscuits, Special K Cracker Crisps are all off to a good start and we're optimistic regarding the Snacks business as we start 2013. We also saw good results in Northern Europe, particularly in France and the Germanics. However, Southern Europe remains difficult. As we've said before, we realize that improvement in Europe will take time, but we are addressing the challenges, we have a new team in place and we expect to see continued progress in the region in 2013. We posted internal sales growth of 4.6% in Asia Pacific in the fourth quarter. We saw a continued improvement in Australia, and we gained category share in both Cereal and in Snacks. In Cereal, Nutri-Grain, Sultana Bran, All-Bran and Crunchy Nut all did well late in the year. And in Snacks, Nutri-Grain and Special K saw good growth. We did a lot of work in Australia earlier in the year to improve our commercial plans and the results have been strong. We also saw good growth in other parts of Asia. In India, China and Southeast Asia, we posted double-digit internal sales growth, and we saw a high-single-digit growth from our South African business. Finally, the integration of Pringles is going well in the region as we continue to transition distributors. In Latin America, we posted 9.4% internal sales growth as a result of share gains and improved price mix. Mexico posted mid-single-digit growth driven by strong innovation in the Snacks business, including Special K Crisps. The rest of the Latin American business did very well in Q4. Central America, Venezuela, Brazil, Argentina, the Andean countries in Chile, all posted good growth. We gained share in Central America behind growth in Froot Loops and Choco Krispies, and we also gained share in Colombia and saw good results in Brazil. The growth in these other Latin American countries has been good all year and we expect to see continued growth in the region in 2013. Now let's turn to Slide 32 and the summary. 2012 was an important year for Kellogg Company. We posted improved performance as the year progressed, and net sales, operating profit and EPS all ended the year in line with our expectations. In fact, if you look at our results in the second half of the year and compare them to the first half, you can see the dramatic improvement we posted later in the year. All the regions contributed to sales growth in the second half. North America posted strong results and we saw improving performance throughout the year in the international businesses. We achieved these results while continuing to invest in future growth with significant increases in investment later in the year. And our Pringles business continues to exceed expectations. The integration is going well and the team is doing a great job. Sales growth has been strong since we closed in late May and the business has responded well to all the activity we've introduced, both in the U.S. and internationally. We are giving strong guidance for sales growth, operating profit and EPS in 2013. We plan to continue to increase our investment in advertising this year from a strong base. And as you heard at our Analyst Day, we have a lot of exciting innovation launching now and plan for introduction later in the year. So 2013 is really a return to the Kellogg operating model. We've done a lot of work in recent years to set the right foundation. We've invested in the business. We've adjusted our strategy to focus more on growth and we acquired Pringles. These have been significant changes for us and we're confident that they are the right ones and we're optimistic about the future. Finally, let's thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication in 2012. And with that, I'll open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have a quick one and then a longer one. First, when you say 1Q comparable EBIT and EPS may be down year-on-year, would you mind clarifying what exact EBIT and EPS base numbers you're referring to?
Ronald L. Dissinger: So Ken, this is Ron. In terms of the comparables, it's based on the restated information that we provided to you for 2012 and then going forward, including the pension accounting change. So our comparable operating profit, as we said, we expect could be down slightly. And then earnings per share is impacted by this onetime benefit that we recognized in the first quarter of 2012 that's about $0.05 related to the interest rate hedges on Pringles. Remember, that did reverse out in the second quarter but we're lapping that benefit in the first quarter.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I'll follow up on that. And then as you look at your model getting to that EPS growth next year, it seems like there's a number of nonrecurring issues going away next year. Guidance seems a bit conservative to me. So I realized there's some headwinds, too, right? Your stock compensation, that should increase. But I guess I'm curious, if your model turns out to be light, where do you think you're being most conservative? What are the key, I guess, pivot points there as you look at it?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Well, Ken, we believe we're providing realistic guidance for 2013. It's very consistent with what we communicated at the Investor Day. It includes accretion in both our Pringles business and operating profit growth within our base business as well. So we're comfortable with the guidance.
John A. Bryant: Ken, as I look at the 2013 guidance, clearly, we have a strong performance from Pringles in there. We go right back to the date of the acquisition. We gave you some guidance on Pringles. We did a little bit better than that in 2012. Some of that accretion is helping us in 2013 as well. If you kind of go back to the underlying Kellogg guidance that's implicit within that, we have internal sales growth of around 3%, the low end of our long-term guidance. We had some internal operating profit growth to make those numbers work as well. So I think what you're seeing is us getting back on our model of reinvesting in our business, of increasing our advertising over time. Our gross margin is down a little bit year-on-year but that's largely the Pringles integration, and we'd love to see that gross margin start to track in the right direction, improving over time. So I think you're seeing an underlying improvement in our results.
Operator: And the next question is from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about Cereal category dynamics? You yourselves are clearly doing very well on the back of very strong innovation, but the category still looks pretty weak from a volume perspective. And I think 2 of the key competitors have taken their net pricing down quite a bit. So I'm just curious about how you see, I guess, your share gains evolving through the year. Are you planning on maintaining that momentum? And then specifically, can you maybe comment on how Kashi is doing? It looks as though, in the last quarter or so, it's really taken a bit of a downturn and I'm wondering if that's just a temporary slowdown in innovation or whether there's something else going on.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Alexia. Let me take the Cereal category trends first. So we are seeing improving volume trends in the Cereal category over time though I must admit that in total, in dollars, the category is relatively flattish. Within that, across the back half of 2012, we gained about 70 basis points of share and that's even with a slight disruption to our Mini-Wheats business. And what we're seeing in our business is it's really driven by innovation and by brand building. And we're seeing the business respond to that. So I'm confident that if the category in totality drives more brand building and more innovation, I think the category will respond to that. So it's a great brand. It is relatively rational. I mean, pricing is still up year-on-year in the category. Price lid actually lost 20 basis points a share. When you get the price lid, we add private label and multi-meal together as one group. Talking about Kashi specifically. I mean, Kashi is a great brand. It's had tremendous growth over the years and it's still growing where we've extended it in areas like frozen and wholesome snacks. However, in Cereal, we do have a couple of challenges around that Kashi business. Some of the innovation in recent years has not been as strong as our core Kashi SKUs. And so we've lost some core SKUs that we think would have done better than innovation. Some of the brand building has moved away from the core benefit of Kashi, so we have an opportunity to sharpen our focus a little bit more. And some of the shelf presence and some of that smaller SKUs on shelf is not what we needed to be. So we're not happy with the performance of our Kashi business. We think it's more tactical in nature. Over the next 6 months, we're going to work to fix and improve that business, get it back in the right direction. But we obviously have some work to do there.
Operator: And next, we have a question from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Varun Gokarn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's Varun Gokarn in for Jason. Just a quick housekeeping question. What was the gross margin in the fourth quarter before the pension adjustment? And what was the realized inflation rate in the quarter?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Our gross margin was down about 250 basis points in the quarter, very consistent with expectations. It would have been impacted by some dilution from the Pringles business. Around 90 basis points to that is the Pringles business. So underlying gross margin in our business was down about 160 basis points. Our inflation was pretty consistent across the entirety of the year. So we saw just over 7% cost inflation and that was very consistent in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And the next question is from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I got a couple of questions. Sorry, Simon. I guess, first, John, can you give a little bit more detail on how Pringles internationally is doing kind of year-over-year? You do have some challenges with this -- the distribution changes. You've kind of noted how the business is doing in America. How's it doing internationally?
John A. Bryant: Sure, and maybe if I step back here, Eric. In terms of the integration in totality, it's going very smoothly. We got excellent people retention and some great people who joined the company. We're very excited about that. As Ron said in the prepared remarks, its financials, a bit better than we expected. We're actually getting improved output from some of the plants and we have some new capacity coming on. So we're feeling a little better about the capacity situation. If you look at the top line performance, to your question specifically, Eric, in the U.S., we saw about 5% growth in the fourth quarter in Pringles. In Europe, we're up slightly, up sort of about 1% in the fourth quarter. And that reflects a couple of things. It reflects that we are a bit tight on capacity. It also reflects a pre-existing P&G strategy, which is the right strategy to reset the level of trade activity in the U.K. So the U.K. is being particularly soft more because of the strategy around what Pringles is trying to do. In Latin America, we saw good double-digit growth in the region. In Asia Pacific, Pringles is actually down double digits, down around 10%, 12% and that's really because of the distributor transition in Asia Pacific as we move from P&G distributor to a Kellogg distributor. And within that, obviously, you burn through the pre-existing inventories that the distributor have.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, in the Nielsen Data, which is pretty relevant to the U.S. market today, it showed that your pricing was down and yet, in the fourth quarter, you noted that North America price mix was up. So was mix a very strong component in your internal pricing is probably because promotion was down?
John A. Bryant: I think, if you look in the fourth quarter, price and mix are both favorable, I think about 2/3 price, 1/3 mix thereabout. It is down a little bit in some of the more recent measured data. Part of that, Eric, depends on which category you're looking at. Remember, in the first quarter last year, we had a relatively weak resolution period on cereal. We try to increase our promoted price points. And we came in at Q1 kind of soft. We've gone back in Q4 -- so we've come back in the first quarter of this year to our historical price points and so you're seeing a little bit of a year-on-year change. That's more an issue with Q1 last year being the anomaly than we're doing something fundamentally different in Q1 of this year.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last thing, if I can just slip it in. Ron, I think the insurance that you had -- benefit that you would had expected from the business disruption, I don't know, was 2 years ago, 1.5 years ago, it was like $0.10. And then I think this latest recall should have been insured. So don't you have something like $0.10 to $0.15 of insurance benefit coming to you? And is that included anywhere here? And how would you treat that if you got that back, given that you took the hit when you had the recalls to ongoing operations?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Eric, these types of things take not just months but years. And as you mentioned, the first recall we had on cereal was back in 2010 and we're still working through that process. So we're not certain exactly when that will settle, but it is an ongoing process. We don't have anything that's been recognized in 2012 and we don't have anything included in our 2013 guidance in association with any type of settlement. They obviously would run back through the profit and loss statement.
Operator: And our next question is from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A question, I guess, going back to new products. Just one of the things that you've done very well over the last 2 years is really refill your new product pipeline. So I guess, if you think about, as we look at 2013, can you give us any idea or some color on how much you think, or you expect, new products to contribute to your overall sales growth in 2013 and whether we're sort of at a normal pace of contribution from innovation?
John A. Bryant: I think, as we look at 2013 innovation, we expect it to be at least as large an impact as the 2012 innovation. So we continue at a very strong pipeline as we go into 2013. We also continue to look at the incrementally of that innovation. So for example, the Cracker Chips that we launched here in the U.S. were very incremental. We've now launched those in Canada, Mexico, the U.K. So we're seeing more of that sort of expansion. Even for something like the breakfast beverages like the Kellogg's to Go that you can see here in the U.S., we believe they will be quite incremental to our business. So it's the absolute size and the incrementality of the innovation. But even on absolute size terms, we expect the dollars from innovation to 2013 to be at least the same as what we saw in 2012 as we keep going back towards around 15% of our sales from innovation on a rolling 3-year metric.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then are we spending at a normalized level as well, so you need to increase spending against new product innovation? Or are we now at a sort of a base level that supports that 15% target?
John A. Bryant: I think we have a good support level. I think we had a good amount of brand-building investment. What really drives up the-brand-building investment is when you're launching whole new brands and we're not doing a lot of that. We're more extending some of the strong brands we have and reframing when the consumer can get the benefit of that brand as we've seen with the beverages and the cracker chips and so on. So we feel good with the level of brand-building investment that we have.
Operator: And the next question is from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John, you mentioned that you'd have productivity probably at the high end of your 3% to 4% range in '13 and that inflation would be around 5%. So productivity, I think your words were would partially offset some of the input cost inflation. So I guess my question would be, normally, pricing would then come into play to sort of fill that gap, right, to at least protect your gross margin dollars. So I guess, has there been any incremental announcements around pricing that you can talk about? And if not, I was trying to get a sense, what does that say around either your ability, or maybe the industry's ability, to kind of take a little bit the pricing here to help with the inflation even though I know the experience around volume over the past year has not been great for the industry as a whole?
John A. Bryant: Yes, Andrew, I don't want to talk too much about prospective pricing. As you look at -- if you look at 2013 sales growth, we're expecting a pretty good balance between volume, price and mix. So it's a combination within there. And if you look at what's happening in 2013, we do have inflation of around 5% and cost savings around 3% to 4%. That's a little bit more inflation than we'd normally like to have. I think in more normal times, inflation will be more around 3%, maybe 4%, which means that we can get gross margin expansion just through the productivity savings. So I think if you're looking at gross margin specifically, you back out Pringles, we're more or less flattish year-on-year. In a perfect world I'd like to see gross margin expansion. What's holding that back a little bit is that 5% inflation versus 3% or 4% inflation. But if your concern is around pricing, we believe we can take pricing to the most amount that we will need to in order to make our economics work in 2013.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's very helpful and I appreciate it. And then, I guess, lastly, is just on Pringles, I guess. It seems as though, I used the best of my ability to estimate this, but maybe the margins for Pringles have come in a bit better than we had been, at least, modeling. And I think we assume margins may take a step back just to account for a lot of the reinvestment that I know you want to do and you're planning to do behind the brand, the integration on European part of the business. So I'm trying to get a sense of -- have margins been better on this business then you would have anticipated? And do they take a step back ultimately before the longer-term opportunity that I know you believe you have in Pringles really starts to kick in?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, Andrew, as we came through 2012, the end of the year, our gross margin performance, in particular, did get better on Pringles. We saw better throughputs in the manufacturing plants. And we've even talked about being able to improve and expand the amount of capacity that we have available to run products. So we saw good throughputs, good margin expansion. As we invest and we've talked about more capital behind the business to support our growth needs over time, you will see an initial -- slight step back because of the depreciation drag associated with that capital spending. But obviously, our intent would be to fill that capacity up as quickly as possible.
John A. Bryant: I think going forward our goal would be to improve the gross margin of Pringles over time closer to the Kellogg Company average and put that money back into brand building so it won't have the same impact on operating leverage.
Operator: And next, we have a question from Thilo Wrede of Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: When I look at the Nielsen Data for Kellogg, it looks like the frozen breakfast segment is actually really slowing -- or has slowed down over the course of the year. When you talked about the category, you sounded much more positive on it. Is there a disconnect? Or is Nielsen not showing the full picture?
Michael Allen: So it's Michael, thank you for the question. When you look at frozen breakfast category, it's composed of a couple of things. One is syrup carriers, which is where our waffle business is. So if you look at the overall effect, you've seen part of the one segment that drives frozen breakfast slow down a little bit, that's handheld. And what you've seen in the growth underneath that is syrup carriers which is waffles, which is where the majority of our business has been. So that would probably explain the dynamic.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So are you seeing the same slowdown for your frozen breakfast business that we're seeing on scanner data? And is the slowdown continuing into 2013? Or is that just the way that Nielsen reports and there's no slowdown from your perspective?
Michael Allen: We feel pretty confident about where our performance has been through Q4, and we would expect our growth to continue.
Simon Burton: Hey, Thilo, I think the discrepancy is the subsegments within that frozen breakfast category as Nielsen reports it. So largely, where our business has been growing faster than the overall frozen breakfast segment. There are other pieces in there that have been growing a little less quickly. We can talk offline about it, if you like.
Operator: And the next question is from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just had -- I had 2 questions for you. The first one would just be in relation to Europe where I think, Ron, you said you expect some profit growth in the year. I just want to get a better sense what the improving top line growth you saw the last couple of quarters? Do you expect to continue, call it, recovery or improvement in revenue growth there as well in 2013?
John A. Bryant: As we look at Europe and we go into 2013, we do expect Europe to meet the top and bottom line growth in 2013. Having said that, it does remain the one reason that we're most cautious on given the economic environment in Europe, also the level of change in our European businesses. It's the region that's undergoing the greatest integration with Pringles because it was Pringles' single largest business and also as percentage of the Kellogg business that's having a dramatic impact. We're also reorganizing our Kellogg organization. In fact, I should say we have reorganized our Kellogg organization. We have a relatively new leadership team. So we are confident about the future, but there's been a tremendous amount of change in there. So we do feel confident in top and bottom line growth. There are synergies coming out of Pringles deals. That's a little bit higher in Europe than you'd see elsewhere around the world that gives us some of that confidence. But it does remain a difficult region.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just if I could add on to that or ask a question about Pringles overall, have you said, and if you did I missed it, I'm sorry, but the amount of Pringles accretion you expect in 2013, I thought I'd ask along with that, the amount of synergies you still have left to achieve that you outlined when you first bought the business?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Chris, let me comment do that. Let me take a step back and talk about 2012 as well. We performed very well on the businesses. We came through the balance of the year. And our business actually did better than we had even expected as we came through the fourth quarter. So our accretion from Pringles was about $0.05 better than the original $0.11 to $0.13 we were discussing. Now this is -- had a gross accretion before integration costs. We've talked about that at the third quarter. And that took -- helped to take us to the high end of our earnings per share range. So for accretion in '12, we had about $0.17. As we move to 2013 for Pringles, we're expecting something in the range of $0.30 to $0.32 of gross accretion from the business. And then we talked about the $0.12 to $0.14 offsetting integration costs. In terms of synergies, we landed 2012 in the range of $15 million to $20 million. It's very consistent with our expectations. As we look to 2013, remember, we've always talked about a range of $50 million to $75 million will be towards the low end of that range in 2013 and then obviously stepping up as we move into 2014.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So to be clear the $0.30 to $0.32 of that, does that include the $0.12 to $0.14 of integration costs?
Ronald L. Dissinger: It does not.
Operator: And next, there's a question from David Driscoll of Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Maybe I'll just follow on just the point here on the Pringles. When you guys originally gave that gross accretion guidance, you also indicated at the time the cessation of the share repurchase program. So correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought the way to think about it was you take that $0.17 of gross accretion and you net it against the lack of the share repurchase program. So then on a net basis, it was something like, you call it, $0.10. Is that correct for 2012?
Ronald L. Dissinger: That is absolutely correct, David. Yes.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then we look for an additional $0.07 to kind of headwind because, again, no share repurchase expected in 2013 so you take another $0.07 off the $0.30 to $0.32.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, it'll probably be around $0.05 or $0.06. But relatively, in that ballpark, David, that is correct.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. One more detail and then, hopefully, a good question that's more thoughtful. How long are you hedged for in 2013?
Ronald L. Dissinger: So in terms of commodity hedging, David, at this point in time, we're approximately 75% covered for 2013. And just for reference, compared to this time last year, we're about 70% covered. So we've got a little bit more coverage as we're moving into 2013.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's really helpful. My final question, John, is really going to China and this really interesting business venture, joint venture, you've entered into with Wilmar. In your '13 plan that you've outlined, what's the impact from this joint venture? When do we start to see real sales activities? And what's the -- can you give us some of the meat as to what we should be expecting from Wilmar? It seems to be pretty exciting, but I don't think you really commented today.
John A. Bryant: David, we are excited about the long-term potential of the joint venture in China. I think, in the near term, it's going to have a very limited impact. Remember, the joint venture includes both Cereal and Pringles so we have -- we do have a -- a Pringles opportunity is probably nearer in. Cereal is going to take more time, but you'll see some beginning of shipments in sales and advertising and so in 2013 from the joint venture. But it will pick up speed over time. I would not expect that to have a material impact to our results in the next 2 or 3 years.
Operator: And our next question is from Robert Moskow of Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: In your comments, I think you said that the U.S. Cereal business had a strong inventory build in fourth quarter ahead of the resolution program. But just to be clear, does that mean that the shipments will be necessarily a little bit lower in the first quarter because of that? Or is that really just in anticipation of a good program? And then a follow-up, please.
John A. Bryant: Well, we did ship a little bit more than we consumed in Q4. There's a gap between the 2 numbers. That does reflect both the new innovation going in, as well as the strong promotional merchandising that we have in the first quarter. If you remember last year with Resolution, which is a big program behind Special K, we really made the Snacks business the hero of that event. In this first quarter this year, we made Cereal the hero of that event. As a result, we saw a little bit more Cereal inventory going in advance of those events. Whilst it is early days in the consumption data, we are seeing about 3.5% increase in units consumption behind Kellogg cereals in the first part of the year. So we do expect that to flow through. So we're not giving guidance on Cereal sales growth in the first quarter. I will say that we continue to get good orders from retailers in January. We continue to ship well. So I'm not seeing anything that gives me too much concern.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'm glad you said that, John, because one of my concerns was that your #1 competitor normally launches products in the summer and fall. It looks like they're pushing that out more towards January, February. Have you seen any more intensity in terms of competition, in terms of new products? And could that actually help the category rather than hurt your market share?
John A. Bryant: I think if more players drive the innovation harder and the brand building harder, I think the category will respond and grow. It's always an intensely competitive category. I don't think it's any more competitive than what it has been historically.
Operator: And the next question is from Jonathan Feeney of Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to dig in just on a detail of the cost inflation outlook because it seems -- it would seem that in the fourth quarter you got, and even some in the third quarter, got some significantly favorable moves in your apparent cost basket. And I wanted to know, does the inflation forecast -- I guess, could you give us some more detail about it and how your confidence in that inflation forecast might have changed and whether that forecast has moved in the past 6 months? And specifically, would you say you're more or less than average hedged at this point given your behavior the last 6 months?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, a couple of things on that, Jonathan. First of all, you may recall at the Investor Day I talked about approximately 6% cost inflation and now we're seeing 5%. So we have seen a little bit of movement down. I mentioned just a little while ago that we're about 75% covered at this point in time for 2013 whereas at this time last year we were about 70% covered for 2012. I think the other thing that people don't always recognize is we have our domestic business, but also our international business. We are seeing inflation in the international business, as well as the domestic business. One last thing to keep in mind is we have hedged positions that roll off as we enter a year, so sometimes we see inflation as a result of those more favorable positions rolling off and the new cost trend rolling into our business.
Operator: And the next question is from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So on international in Latin America, Asia in particular, can you just -- just wanted to get your updated thoughts on how far along into the process of ramping up investment spend in these regions we are on the base business, not necessarily on Pringles, after the double-digit growth that you had in brand building this year? And I guess perhaps, just what are your investment priorities in those regions for 2013 and should we start to see a bit more operating leverage or stabilization in margins there?
John A. Bryant: As you look at Latin America and Asia Pacific, they both represent strong growth potential regions for the company. So they're in areas we think about our brand-building investment where we're likely to push a little bit more versus other parts of the company. I'd say both of them we expect to see brand building growing at or above the rate of sales growth. Within Latin America, we have made a fairly significant investment in Brazil and we see us continuing to do that. So that's one part of Latin America that we believe has more potential for us as a company. And then in Asia Pacific, we've spoken before about India, South Africa and even some markets in Southeast Asia now that we believe have tremendous potential. So I think the goal for both of those regions is to accelerate their top line growth. They'll give us the operating leverage to invest disproportionately back in brand building and still make the economics work and continue to drive profit in both regions over time.
Operator: We have a question from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: John or Michael, just wondering if you can speak a bit to the evolution of the Frozen Foods case going forward. I think, first off, I guess you're seeing more momentum there in terms of shelf space increases for the breakfast day part, breakfast, snacking. And then secondly, thinking about 2013 innovation, Flatbread, Eggo, coming through again, can you talk a little bit about how retailers are managing the category going forward in terms of breakfast versus snacking and other day parts?
Michael Allen: Yes, John, it's Michael. Thanks for the question. I think, as we look at our business, we have, as we talked about, very, very strong categories in which we compete and just really good heritage, not only in Eggo brands. And then when you look at the veggie business, just really on trend categories. So of course, retailers are always going to look at productivity of segments and we think we're positioned in 2 very productive segments. So we anticipate continued strong performance.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then Ron, just any thoughts on the potential for devaluation there in Venezuela and how that may impact the P&L this year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. So keep in mind, Venezuela is a relatively small part of our business. From a revenue standpoint, somewhere between 1% and 2% of our total revenues. And of course, we trade in a number of currencies around the world. We do have, within our estimates, a reasonable weakening of the currency in Venezuela. It's included in our guidance. And obviously, we'll discuss if there is devaluation and it is materially different versus our estimates.
Simon Burton: Okay. Everyone, thanks very much for joining us today. We're available, obviously, for follow-ups as always. Please give us a call with any other questions.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-01 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon Burton - Executive Officer of Snacks business unit John A. Bryant - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President David Denholm
Analysts: John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'll turn the call over to Simon Burton, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference.
Simon Burton: Thank you, Sean. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our third quarter 2012 results. I'm joined by John Bryant, our President and CEO; Ron Dissinger, our Chief Financial Officer; and David Denholm, President of our U.S. Morning Foods business. Intention is to highlight different business units periodically and David is here to discuss our U.S. Cereal and Pop-Tarts businesses in a little more detail. Also, I just wanted to mention, for those of you don't know, they will be hosting a day of presentations for analysts and investors in Chicago on November 8. Please contact us if you'd like to attend and haven't yet registered. The press release and slides to support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggscompany.com. As you're aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg company's future performance, including earnings per share, sales, profit, cash flow, brand building, cost, investments and the integration of Pringles, are all forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, November 5. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. Now, I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. I know the recent storm has had an impact on many of you. I hope that you and your families are safe. Turning to our third quarter results. We're pleased that our underlying performance in the third quarter was broadly in line with expectations and reflects continued progress. Internal net sales growth was almost 3%, the high end of our guidance for the full year. As expected, our top line growth has been improving sequentially as we've progressed through the year. Consolidated internal operating profit would have also increased in the quarter were it not for the impact of the Mini-Wheats recall, which I'll discuss in more detail in a minute. And as with sales growth, we've seen some sequential improvement in underlying operating profit during the year, particularly in North America. Underlying operating results in North America were very strong as we saw a significant improvement in the Cereal business. We continue to see strong performance from Pop-Tarts, Specialty Channels and the Frozen Foods business. We also saw some additional improvement in the European business. In the U.K., we've seen benefits from better commercial programs and strong innovation. As a consequence, we've posted sales growth in both Cereal and Snacks in the quarter in the U.K. As we've discussed before, the Continental European business continues to be under pressure due to economic conditions where we've taken actions and have seen some early signs that they're having an effect. Underlying sales growth was strong in both Asia Pacific and Latin America and, as we mentioned on our last call, we increased our investment in brand building to double-digit rate in both regions. Now, I'd like to address the Mini-Wheats recall of a few weeks ago. Obviously, we never want to have a recall. But as you know, these things do happen periodically in our industry. We reacted quickly and effectively to the situation. I remain confident that we have turned the corner in our supply chain over the last 2 years, that we have proactively identified and addressed the challenges. This places us in a much stronger position to avoid and mitigate these issues in the future. Let's turn to Slide 4 in a brief update regarding Pringles. As you know, we have seen better operating performance from Pringles than we expected. In fact, Pringles in North America posted organic sales growth of 10% in the third quarter. This a testament to the strength of the brand and the team that's running the business. We're very pleased that we've been able to attract many of the Pringles employees to Kellogg. They're excited to become part of a large food company and we're pleased to be gaining such energized and knowledgeable people. And finally, the integration continues to go well. The teams running the integration are doing a great job. They've executed well in North America and have already seen some benefit and we're currently in the middle of the integration in Europe. So we're excited about the potential of this iconic global brand and as you might imagine, we'll give you more detail in next week's Investor Day. And now, let me turn it over to Ron for a discussion of our financial performance.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Slide 5 provides a summary of our quarterly and year-to-date financial results. We posted reported revenue growth of 12.3% in the quarter and internal sales, excluding the impact of Pringles, divestitures and foreign exchange, increased by 2.8%. Reported operating profit increased by 3.2%. Internal operating profit decreased by 4.9% in the third quarter. This included investment in brand building that increased at a high single-digit rate. It also included the impact of the recall. Excluding that impact, internal operating profit would have increased by approximately 1%, so the recall is approximately a 6-point headwind to operating profit in the quarter. Reported earnings per share were $0.82 in the third quarter, up 2.5% and in line with our expectations but this includes $0.04 of integration costs, so earnings per share, excluding integration costs, were $0.86, up 7.5%. As we mentioned a few weeks ago, good performance from Pringles and certain below-the-line items, including lower-than-expected share dilution, offset the $0.06 impact of the recall on EPS in the third quarter. Now let's turn to Slide 6 and details of third quarter sales growth. As I mentioned, reported sales increased by 12.3% and internal net sales increased by 2.8%. Volumes increased slightly in the quarter, reflecting the improving trends we've seen as we progressed through the year, particularly in North America. We also continued to see both positive price and mix improvements, which was up 2.7 points in the quarter. As was the case last quarter, we increased internal sales in the quarter globally across Cereal, Snacks and our Specialty and Frozen businesses. Pringles added more than 11 points to overall reported sales growth in the quarter and currency reduced overall growth by 1.6 points. Slide 7 shows our gross profit performance. Reported gross profit was $1.4 billion in the third quarter, up nearly 7% but gross margin was lower by 190 basis points. Gross margin was impacted by continued commodity inflation in the quarter. In addition, margin was reduced approximately 60 basis points by the recall. Also, we owned Pringles for the entirety of the third quarter and as you know, Pringles has a lower gross margin than the company's average. This had a dilutive effect on the company's gross margin of approximately 40 basis points. Having said that, we have developed and are already implementing initiatives to increase the Pringles margins over time. Now let's look at Slide 8 and details of our investment in brand building. As you can see on the chart, investment increased significantly in the quarter. Our plans were always for our investment to be weighted to the second half of the year and this has certainly turned out to be the case. This activity has supported innovations launched since midyear, various new commercial programs and activities such as the Olympics. And as you can see on the chart, we expect that investment in the fourth quarter will also be higher than during the fourth quarter of last year. We continue to expect that investment in brand building for the year will increase at a rate equal to or greater than sales growth. It is worth noting that we're planning this increase, including the efficiencies we've been able to realize this year. And of course, we'll continue to develop plans for efficiencies next year as well. Slide 9 shows the internal operating performance for each of the regions. As I mentioned earlier, internal operating profit for the total company decreased by 4.9% in the quarter. North America's internal operating profit decreased by 1.6% in the quarter. While sales growth was strong, the business increased its investment in brand building by 10%. In addition, commodity inflation had a significant impact as did the recall. In fact, without the recall, North America's operating profit would have increased by more than 6%. Europe's internal operating profit declined by 7.7% in the quarter. This was the result of the difficult economic environment in the region. However, these results were broadly in, line with our guidance and represent a significant sequential improvement from the first 2 quarters of the year. While commodity inflation and a double-digit increase in investment in brand building had an impact on the quarter's operating profit in Latin America, we also worked hard to reduce trade inventory levels in Mexico. As a result of all 3 of these items, Latin America's internal operating profit decreased by approximately 17% in the quarter. Outside of Mexico, the region posted double-digit operating profit growth. Finally, internal operating profit in Asia Pacific was 3% lower year-over-year. While sales growth was strong, the business also increased its investment in brand building at a double-digit rate. We have improved commercial plans in Australia and has started to show in the third quarter's results. Slide 10 shows our year-to-date cash flow. Year-to-date cash flow was approximately $1.1 billion, an increase of more than $236 million versus the comparable period last year. Remember, this year's amount includes the working capital benefit we got as a result of the Pringles' acquisition. Year-to-date capital spending was $262 million or 2.5% of sales. Our capital spending is more back-end weighted, consistent with our investment profile in prior years and it does include investment in Pringles. We invested at a rate greater than our long-term targets last year and we now expect to invest at a rate of approximately 4% of net sales this year or at the low end of our previous guidance range of 4% to 5% and at the high-end of our long-term range of 3% to 4%. And consistent with our plan, we didn't purchase any shares during the quarter. Instead, we have reduced our levels of debt by approximately $350 million. Finally, we still expect cash flow to be in the $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion range for the full year. While we are already at $1.1 billion, the timing of our capital spending will impact the fourth quarter results. Based upon our year-to-date performance and dependent upon timing of cash around year end, we could be at the high-end of our range. You can see on Slide 11 that our guidance for 2012 net sales and earnings per share remains unchanged, but the recall had an impact on guidance for internal operating profit. Internal sales and operating profit guidance continues to exclude the impact of Pringles. Our earnings per share guidance includes the expected accretion and one-time costs related to the acquisition. Our expectations for full year internal sales growth remain unchanged at 2% to 3%, consistent with the improving trends we've seen. Our estimates for cost inflation of 7% and cost savings of slightly greater than 3% are consistent with previous guidance. Gross margin is expected to decline by a little more than 150 basis points. Pringles will dilute gross margin by approximately 40 basis points and the recall has impacted full year gross margin by approximately 20 basis points. So our estimate is that underlying gross margin will be down around 100 basis points. Internal operating profit is now expected to be down by between 4% and 6% due to the cost of the recall. We expect interest expense to be approximately $260 million, including the cost of debt issued to acquire Pringles and we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 29%. And as we told you a few weeks ago, our estimate for reported earnings per share has not changed. Better-than-expected performance in the Pringles business, lower than planned share dilution and better-than-expected performance on some below-the-line items has allowed us to maintain our earnings per share guidance. An earnings per share walk has been included in the slide appendix for your reference. And finally, we had intended to give you guidance for 2013 on the fourth quarter conference call scheduled for early February of next year. However, as we're holding our Investor Day in a week, we'll give you a high level first look at next year's sales and earnings guidance at that time. Obviously then, we'll give you additional information on the fourth quarter call as we had always intended. And with that, I'll turn it back over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Let's turn to Slide 12 which illustrates the internal revenue growth posted by Kellogg North America so far this year. As you can see, we have delivered good growth with the business, posting 4% internal sales growth for the second consecutive quarter. Now, let's look at individual North American segments, starting with U.S. Snacks on Slide 13. The business posted internal net sales growth of 0.3% in the quarter. The Cracker category grew during the quarter, as did our business. It was building on strong sales growth in excess of 6% in the comparable period of last year. And Special K Cracker Chips and Cheez-It both did well in the quarter. We're also encouraged that the introduction of Special K Popcorn Chips appears to be going well and that sales seem to be mostly incremental. Consumption in the Cookie category, as a whole, remained unchanged in the third quarter. Our performance was impacted in part by the timing of our programs, although the Keebler brand posted growth even off a 4.5% growth comparison last year. We have more to be planned for the fourth quarter as well, although we're lapping a difficult comp. The wholesome snack business remains a focus for us and we have more activity planned for the months to come. However, of note in the quarter was a strong performance of Special K Pastry Crisps. Consumption is strong and results thus far this year have exceeded expectations. This is a product that we recently launched in the U.K. under different branding and initial results are encouraging there too. We're very pleased with the responsiveness of the Pringles business to our merchandising efforts. As I mentioned before, sales growth in North America was 10% in the third quarter. Slide 14 shows the performance of the U.S. Specialty segment. This segment posted internal revenue growth of 5.5% in the third quarter. This was a result of strong innovation introduced during the year, including Special K Cracker Chips, 2 new Rice Krispies Treats and new Eggo products. The gains have been broad based, with year-to-date sales increasing with all major customers. In addition, the Pringles business is also doing well in the Specialty Channels. Sales have outpaced our expectations in these channels as we're gaining points of distribution. Now, let's turn to Slide 15 in the North America Other segment, which posted sales growth of more than 5% in the quarter. Within this segment, Frozen Foods posted strong sales growth. Both the frozen breakfast and Veggie Foods businesses did well. As pictured on the Slide, the recently launched Special K Flatbread Breakfast Sandwiches are off to a great start. The frozen veggie business has responded well to the advertising we began at midyear and we have more activity planned for both businesses in the fourth quarter. Also within this segment, the Canadian business increased its share of the Cereal category by 0.5 points in the quarter, driven by our new Krave cereal, which has gained more than a share point in Canada. Also, we saw share gains in the Snack category. And Special K Cracker Chips and special K Pastry Crisps are both doing very well. Slide 16 shows the performance of the Morning Foods and Kashi segment over the past couple of years. As you can see, this segment posted very strong growth in the third quarter. So now, I'd like to hand it over to David Denholm, the Head of our U.S. Morning Foods segment for a more detailed discussion of this business.
David Denholm: Thanks, John. Now, let's turn to Slide 18 and our quarterly performance. As you can see, the Morning Foods and Kashi segment posted strong growth in the third quarter, after a weaker-than-expected start to the year. The Cereal category responds to brand building, innovation and nutrition. And we've seen the benefit of our actions as we've progressed through the year. For Cereal, the volume declines that we experienced early in the year in response to previous price increases certainly had the most significant impact in the first 2 quarters, although obviously, the situation has improved sequentially, as pricing moderated as we've moved through the year. Slide 19 shows the shipments and market share performance of our Cereal business. The business posted growth of almost 6%, driven by innovation, a strong increase in the level of brand building and a relatively easier shipment comp. So while our inventories are in good shape this year and are in line with average levels, the year ago comp helped shipment growth exceed consumption in the quarter. The Slide also shows our xAOC category share performance in the Cereal category in the 12-week period ended 1 October. As you can see, our Cereal business posted category share gains of 0.3 points, building on good gains in the comparable period of last year, and we continue to post share gains in early October behind increased investment in brand building. Slide 20 outlines some highlights from the quarter and how well our business responds to brand building, the execution of big events and innovation. We increased investment in brand building at a double digit rate in the quarter with strong support behind key brands, such as Frosted Flakes, Mini-Wheats and Special K. We also continue to increase the level of investments in Hispanic-oriented advertising and we are seeing an increasingly positive response. We had a successful back-to-school promotion with Scholastic to provide free books to school children. The execution of our Olympic program was fully integrated across the path to purchase, which included a heavy digital component and a PR program that delivered approximately 1 billion impressions. In fact, it was the largest PR program in the history of the Kellogg company. Our cereal innovation strategy involves having the right level of pressure each year while working to improve the stickiness of our launches. During Q3, we saw the benefit of this as our innovation continued to build momentum. Turning to Slide 21, you'll see that our share of innovation is now 50% of the category, with the next biggest competitor at 35%. Our innovation has been performing well this year and Krave, which we introduced in January, continues to hold almost a share point of the category. That represents a strong start for just 2 SKUs and shows that both trial and repeat have been strong since introduction. In addition, we relaunched Special K Protein at midyear to appeal to those consumers looking for increased protein in their diet. Although it's early, we are pleased with the results so far, as this innovation has also been well received and trial rates have been strong. And we have a strong lineup of introductions planned for 2013, including Special K Chocolate Strawberry, Cinnamon Jack's, Mini-Wheats Crunch and Scooby Doo. Kashi innovation will focus on expanding the brands all-family offerings with the launch of Berry Fruitful. 2 SKUs of Bear Naked Fit will also be launched. The Morning Foods business unit also includes the Pop-Tarts brand, which has annual sales of more than $0.5 billion. Slide 22 highlights the 30 years of continuous growth posted by Pop-Tarts. This truly is an iconic brand with good economics supported by strong execution. Slide 23 shows the quarterly performance of the Pop-Tarts business. And as you can see, the business also had a very good quarter, posting sales growth of more than 6% and increasing share by 0.5 point. This gain was driven by strong retail execution, brand building behind the Crazy Good advertising campaign and programs such as the summer concert tour. Slide 24 highlights our 84% share of the Toaster Pastry category. Our winning formula for this brand is simple. We have breakthrough advertising, including social media, we drive strong innovation and we ensure that we win in-store every day. Our next big innovation is 2 SKUs of oatmeal delights which will be launched nationally in January. We drive a lot of retail activation via seasonal events, such as our recently launched college football branded Pop-Tarts, which were a big success. And as you can imagine, we also have strong demand for our pumpkin pie flavor during the fall season. So our Pop-Tarts business is in great shape and we have good visibility into our future growth. Now, let's turn to Slide 25 for a summary. We're excited about the long-term potential of our business. We have excellent share positions in the categories in which we compete. We have increased our focus on health and wellness and we have brands that play naturally in those areas, such as Special K and Kashi. And we have a number of iconic brands that consumers love and that respond to both brand building and the introduction of innovation, 2 of our strengths. And finally, we have a great team. They've done a lot of work this year and I'd like to thank them for all the effort and dedication. So we're optimistic about the future and the great potential of our brands and our businesses. And with that, I would like to turn it back over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, David. Now, let's turn to Slide 26 and the performance of our international businesses so far this year. As you can see, after a difficult start to the year, primarily in Europe, the International business has posted progressive improvement as it moved through the year. As we told you last quarter, we've done a lot of work in Europe to improve the business and strengthen our organization and we're investing for future growth in both Latin America and Asia Pacific. Now, if you'll turn to Slide 27, you'll see some more detail regarding our International businesses. The European business continued to improve sequentially in the third quarter. The U.K. business posted sales growth in both Cereal and Snacks as a result of much better commercial plans, tactical pricing actions on some SKUs and improved innovation. Special K Biscuit Moments, Nutri-Grain Breakfast Biscuits and Special K Cracker Crisps have been launched in the U.K. and all are off to a good start. On the continent, sales in France increased and we saw early signs of improvement from the relaunch of Special K in Italy and Spain. However, as you've heard from other manufacturers, Southern Europe continues to be a difficult environment and we know it will take some time to improve. So due to this, we remain cautious on Europe as we look into 2013. The Latin American business posted growth of 4% in the quarter. As we said previously, we have worked aggressively to lower trade inventories in Mexico in the quarter, which led to lower shipments, although consumption in Mexico increased in the quarter. A part of this difference affects timing between the third and fourth quarters. In addition, the other businesses in the region are performing strongly and posted double-digit sales growth. We increased Latin America's investment in brand building at a double-digit rate in the third quarter. And we've also launched Special K Cracker Chips and Special K Crisps in the region as well as Choco Krispies Pops and Special K Chocolate in certain geographies and all are doing well. The Asia Pacific business had a strong quarter, posting 7% sales growth. And as we mentioned, we increased brand building during the quarter at a double-digit rate. The Australian business improved as new advertising started to have an impact and innovation on All-Bran, Be Natural and Sultana Bran all contributed to growth. Also in the region, India and South Africa performed well as a result of innovation and continued penetration gains. Now, let's turn to Slide 28 and the summary. Sales growth continued to improve in the third quarter as we expected and was in line with our expectations for the full year. North America posted strong top-line growth as the Cereal, Pop-Tarts, Frozen Foods and Specialty channel businesses all did well. Underlying profit growth, adjusted for the recall, was also strong. Europe remains a difficult environment, but we have seen some early signs of improvement. For example, the U.K. performed much better as a result of improved commercial plans and innovation. We increased our investment in our brands at a high single digit rate in the third quarter, and the Asia Pacific and Latin American businesses increased their investment in brand building at a double digit rate. We saw a better performance than we expected from the Pringles business. All in all, it was a good quarter and I'd like to thank all our employees for their efforts around the world. With that, I'll open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Baumgartner Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Thinking about your JV with Wilmar, there wasn't anything in the press release and the PowerPoint here. Wondering if you can touch on your thought process in building the relationship? What are your expectations there? What are some of the opportunities Wilmar affords, anything Navigable didn't? And what might the lingering headwinds still be in China distribution, even with Wilmar?
John A. Bryant: Thank you, John. We're excited about the Wilmar joint venture and we'll actually talk more about that next week at Day at K. But the reason we're so excited about Wilmar, it is roughly the third largest consumer goods company in China. It has a tremendous infrastructure across that market and they're very excited as are we in the potential growth of the category in China. The category today, the Cereal category, is relatively small but it is growing rapidly at strong double-digit rate. And so we believe that together, we're better positioned to unlock that opportunity. If you go back to the Navigable business, that was a low-margin cookie business in China that was not really helping us build out our infrastructure, or really set ourselves up for the future. So we're excited about China, both from a Cereal perspective as well as a Snacks perspective, and we believe that Wilmar is extremely well positioned to help us make that a reality.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A question on Pringles. So you gave original accretion guidance back when you closed the deal, but since then, you've had a chance to do the purchase price allocation. And according to the best estimates that we can make, amortization expense looks like it's going to be a lot lower. And then as you mentioned in your prepared script, John, the sales growth also looks to be much better than anything you would've expected on day 1. So can you update us on the accretion expectation in '12 and in '13 from the Pringles deal?
Ronald L. Dissinger: David, this is Ron. I'd be happy to give you an update on the expectation for 2012. We haven't provided 2013 details yet. But we've moved the accretion expectations from $0.08 to $0.10, which is what we communicated before, to $0.11 to $0.13, so -- and we've got about $0.03 better. We are seeing stronger sales performance than we previously expected. And in addition, we're seeing better performance come through our supply chain. We've been able to improve throughputs in our supply chain and done some other things that have improved our cost structure. In terms of the amortization and the balance sheet valuations, frankly David, we're still working through that. So you may see a low level of amortization expense come through for now, but we're still working through that as we go through the end of the year.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Final question. It's just on upfront costs. I think your original guidance was for upfront charges to be approximately the same as last year. But as of the third quarter and year-to-date results, you're running behind last year. Are you going to get a big -- a fairly big upfront number in the fourth quarter?
Ronald L. Dissinger: We are, David. So as we look at the fourth quarter, we'll certainly have more upfront costs and better than the fourth quarter than we did last year. That's correct.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And it's flat, the total number is flat year-on-year?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Still investing at similar levels. It could be in the range of $0.10 to $0.12, consistent with prior years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Mushkin of Jefferies.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So I just wanted to understand a little bit of the difference between what's going on with the Mini-Wheats recall and some of the issues you saw over the last couple of years. That'll be my first question.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Scott. I think we've made some great progress in our supply chain over the last few years. We've made significant investments, as we mentioned last year, adding people back into the facilities, improving certain core processes within the facilities and we're seeing a much better performance out of our supply chain. We are very disappointed by this latest event. It was a failure in a piece of equipment. We've been using that sort of equipment for 20 years in this facility and it's the first time we've seen a failure like this. But I think our recent investments have enabled us to identify the issue quickly, to respond to it and I think the company did a great job of very effectively and efficiently dealing with the situation. We have -- Alistair Hirst is our Head of Supply Chain who will be talking about some of the great progress we've made at Day at K next week. But we do believe that we have definitely made progress in the supply chain. I think this is a unique issue that we had more recently and I believe the investments we've made will help us mitigate and reduce the probability of these sorts of events in the future.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So you don't think it's part of a systemic issue? You think it's more of a little bit of maybe a bad luck with a piece of equipment, not maybe -- that maintenance wasn't done on there or anything like that? You think it's more a little bit of a bad luck situation?
John A. Bryant: Yes, I think it's really unfortunate. Clearly, Our goal is to avoid these things happening in the future.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then my second question really goes to the brand building. This is 2-part. I wondered if you could kind of delve into how those funds, the extra funds are being spent, number one. And then number two is, I'm playing a little bit of a devil's advocate. It seems like clearly, you're turning the tide on sales, although it seems to be costing you a lot of money in North America that you also see in some other markets. When did that period of extra investment or maybe more of a flow through to the bottom line? So kind of a two-part question then I'll yield.
Ronald L. Dissinger: I think if you look at brand building and what we're doing this year, we're investing our brand building in the areas where we're expecting future growth. So we're investing behind Asia Pacific and Latin America and you saw the double-digit increases in brand building in the third quarter. And you'll see a continued investment in those regions. A part of our long-term model is to increase brand building at or above the rate of sales growth and we're going to do that this year and we expect to do that in the future. At the same time, we're always looking to drive efficiency. We've seen a big move towards digital. We're saving money on nonworking cost within the advertising line. So we have a series of efficiency programs there as well, but at our heart, we are a branded food business. We believe it's what enables us to succeed. It's part of our sustainable growth model and I would expect us to continue to invest in brand building in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just 2 questions on the phasing of costs and sort of how that plays into results during the second half of the year. I guess in recent quarters, you've given a sense of how the phasing of supply chain spending was impacting year-on-year operating profit growth and I know the level of investment in the third quarter of 2011 was particularly high. I was just wondering how much the flighting of that spend impacted this quarter's results. And then just with respect to the $0.06 per share recall impact, sort of in compensating for those expenses during the quarter, was there any degree of sort of shifting innovation, planned brand building spend from 3Q into 4Q?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Let me take the phasing of the supply chain cost first. We did invest more in the back half of last year. We are lapping that impact this year and we did see that benefit come through. Having said that, as we communicated on the second quarter call, we are seeing higher commodity costs over the back half of the year. So we're seeing more commodity inflation and that's had an impact on our inflation, not just in the third quarter, but it will in the fourth quarter as well. We still do expect our input inflation to be at the rate of 7%. It might be a little bit above that. In terms of the impact of the recall and any R&D investment associated with that, that had no impact whatsoever.
John A. Bryant: And just to build on that, remember the recall occurred in early October. It was actually a subsequent event to the quarter itself. So our actual spend and everything was in place. We were in the process of closing the quarter when the event occurred.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Feeney with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Ron, I wanted to ask about the phasing of cost more specifically as we look through the next year. If costs stay where they are right now, and I understand they've increased recently, do you -- how much would you expect -- do you expect to -- the need to take new pricing in the marketplace in North America at some point in the next 6 months given where costs are today?
Ronald L. Dissinger: John, as you know, we don't comment on perspective price increases. We have said in the past that we expect an inflationary environment in 2013. We haven't yet discussed the phasing. One thing I would say though is at this point in time, you'd expect us to be taking hedge positions and we are in a hedge position, very similar to where we were at this time last year, which is about 40% to 50% hedged.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I guess I was very impressed at the share of innovation that you've talked about on your slide presentation. Looking forward into next year, I mean, do you -- does that affect pricing plans at all that you took significant innovation? How does that typically work? Is that -- in this case, SKU pricing higher or lower, do you think, particularly in the Cereal -- ready-to-eat Cereal business the past few months?
John A. Bryant: I think innovation, at a very macro level, is a driver more of volume than any pricing decisions that are out there. So we expect next year to have even more innovation at a total company level than what we had this year and innovation's clearly a core driver of our success.
David Denholm: Just building on John's comment and talking specifically about Cereal, we have good visibility into our innovation pipeline. We have strong ideas and we're looking forward to executing a stronger plan next year.
John A. Bryant: And in general, I'd say that the innovation drives positive mix and in fact, in this quarter, we saw a positive mix coming out of innovation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Ron, I've got a couple of questions, kind of following up on Dave Driscoll's, because I'm not sure that we got full kind of Pringles impact. So I see on Slide 32, in the appendix, that you took the Pringles accretion up $0.03. But your free cash flow generation is better than you thought and you said you paid down some debt. So the impact of that, plus less dilution on the share base, wouldn't that make, all in, Pringles actually more accretive than what the $0.11 to $0.13 shows?
Ronald L. Dissinger: We do show the share impact as well on that same slide. And remember, we were saying before that shares might be an impact of $0.07 to $0.08. We now think it's $0.05. So we picked up $0.02 to $0.03 there. And then the operating income -- impact of Pringles is giving us another $0.03 of benefit, Eric.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then your interest cost is lower than you thought, right?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Our interest costs, Eric, is very comparable to what we previously expected.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And how about on the currency side?
Ronald L. Dissinger: The currency isn't too far off. Right now, we're saying $0.05 of currency impact and over the course of this year, as we've spoken to you, it's been anywhere from $0.04 to $0.06 of impact.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and so -- then just following up on the free cash flow comment, and I wasn't really sure if I followed the benefit of working capital associated with Pringles and why that's making the free cash flow better. What does that mean?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Eric. Be happy to elaborate on that. And we've talked about this before. Basically, when we acquired the Pringles business, we picked up a working capital benefit based on the way that the deal was structured. And we talked about that as being in the range of anywhere from $140 million to $150 million worth of benefit. We essentially picked up virtually no liabilities, only a few and no payables. So we've seen that benefit come through over the course of some in June and through the third quarter as well. So we're getting essentially a one-time benefit to our cash flow here that you're seeing in the year-to-date $1.1 billion.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Last question and I'll pass it on and see you next week, but do you expect if you're towards the high end of the free cash flow range, with CapEx being lower, plus this one-time benefit. Do you see making a pension contribution that could knock the free cash flow down?
Ronald L. Dissinger: We haven't discussed any pension contributions at this point in time, Eric. And right now, we're in good funding positions on our pension plans.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I have more of a modeling question. On Cereal, if you look at, I think, it was Slide 16 that the cereals sales were pretty stable sequentially first, second and third quarter of this year. But when you look at fourth quarter last year, they dropped off quite a bit. And I want to know, should we expect the same kind of seasonal impact in fourth quarter for Morning Foods? Or is it going to be different this time? And then I have another question on the interest expense. I guess I don't quite get the interest expense guidance.
David Denholm: It's David here. There is seasonality in the Cereal category and that's relatively consistent over time. We have increased our investment in brand building versus last year and we do have a stronger innovation in the marketplace. So we've got off to a strong start in October and are well positioned in Q4.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, but David, do you -- should we expect the same kind of seasonality that you typically have? Was fourth quarter seasonality last year typical or was that a steeper drop-off than normal?
David Denholm: Robert, last year's seasonality was typical.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Typical, okay. And then I guess on the interest expense, $260 million -- I think that kind of implies like something like in the 60s for quarterly interest expense and fourth quarter this year. Ron, is that a good run rate to use going forward, like $65 million or so per quarter?
Ronald L. Dissinger: We haven't communicated guidance for 2013 at this point in time. Of course, Rob, you'd expect us we're paying down our debt that our interest cost will come down over time.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. But it is a -- you are guiding to sequentially lower fourth quarter interest expense, is that correct?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, we're guiding to lower interest expense in the fourth quarter, $260 million for the full year, Rob, so lower than the third quarter.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Is this a lot? You said it's the same as what you expected but again, I was modeling something very different. So have you communicated $260 million before or is this new?
Ronald L. Dissinger: I don't know that the range came up previously, Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about the organic growth in Pringles in North America, in particular where you saw, I think, you said double-digit growth. And I think you commented that it was incremental merchandising but I just was wondering if there was incremental distribution into new channels since you've purchased the business or what would account for that significant growth in that business?
John A. Bryant: Yes, Dianne and the answer is both. We saw additional merchandising opportunities in the third quarter in the U.S. We're able to leverage some of our very strong relationships across some key customers and we achieved some placements that business had not historically been able to achieve. And so I think you saw a very strong response from that activity. In addition to that, as I mentioned in the prepared comments, the Specialty Channels have also seen some very strong growth and we've been gaining some distribution in those channels also. If I think back to the Keebler acquisition, the part of the Keebler acquisition has surprised us positively, was the Foodservice business, when the 2 businesses came together. I suspect, on this acquisition, the Specialty Channels will be upward surprise as these 2 businesses come together.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. Can you just define for me what you would include in the Specialty Channels?
John A. Bryant: Convenience, vending, dollar as well as Foodservice itself.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I just wanted to ask quickly on the trade deload in Mexico and that impact on the Latin American business. Are you -- are there any other areas globally where you are concerned that, that might be a factor in the future, for instance, because of the slower growth that we've seen, particularly in continental Europe? How do you feel about where your inventory levels are either internally or in the trade?
John A. Bryant: I think we're in good position from an inventory perspective, particularly if you think about Continental Europe and the need for European retailers to drive their cash flow very aggressively. I think what's happened in Mexico, we're talking before about the seasonality of the Cereal category, and the seasonality in trade inventory as well. What happens is early in the year, we bring out innovations, cereal inventory grows through the year and then as retailers get ready for the holiday season at the end of the year, they pull back on cereal inventory and build up on other holiday season-type inventories. What's happened in Mexico is that seasonality in cereal inventory is more than what we think it should be. And so what we've done in the back half of this year is we brought the inventories down more aggressively in the third quarter. That inventory reduction would normally occur in the fourth quarter, so it's a bit of a switch between those 2 quarters. Also remember, as we go into 2013, we wouldn't expect to build as much inventory in the first half of 2013, but we'll have a very easy comparison when we get to the third quarter of 2013 against this year's numbers. So we are trying to keep inventories lower. We believe lower retail inventory is actually very good thing for the company because it helps us bring our in-store activities on the shop at the same time as the advertising is on air.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A question for David. You have that slide where you talked about having 50% of the Cereal category innovation. I'm curious where that level is, where that level has been for Kellogg's, let's say, in Cereals, the last couple of years. And perhaps, maybe more important, where is the overall level of innovation as you see it or measure it for the overall Cereal category today, relative to where it's been? Because there's a lot of discussion and concern out there that the category itself is in some way going to be different, i.e. slower growth going forward or just less relevant to consumers and if the structural issue versus one where -- hey, the big players just haven't done their fair share of innovating over the last couple of years combined with all the pricing. So trying to get a sense of maybe how you measure some of the metrics there to get some insight.
David Denholm: Andrew, we're very confident about the long-term prospects of the Cereal category. We see it as a low single-digit growth category. It really responds to brand building, innovation and nutrition. So in terms of innovation specifically, the 50% that we outlined today in terms of share is a higher share than Kellogg has achieved in recent years. So we have improved our end market performance from an innovation perspective. In terms of the absolute level of innovation in the category, it has been lower over the last year or 2 and we're seeing that improved and it's improved sequentially throughout the year. And as I highlighted, we have strong visibility into next year's innovation plan.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And from what you can see in the marketplace, just competitively, would you sense -- is your sense that you will get some help on the innovation front or the category will get some help others or is it just not clear yet?
David Denholm: I think the category responds to innovation from all participants and we expect there will be increased levels of innovation in the category and we model that and we then look at our pressure and the quality of our ideas and we are confident we can have a continued strong share of innovation within the category.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Question. I wanted to actually ask about the Kashi brand. There's been some negative publicity out there just around the brand centered on GMOs and there also seems to be some recent distribution loss of Kashi frozen products in the natural channel. I was hoping you can maybe address what's happening with that brand at a high level and then also talk about how it performed in the third quarter?
David Denholm: It's David here, Ed. Kashi is a great brand and it's very well positioned to grow in the future when you think of the changing demographics and the health and wellness trends, so we're very excited about the future of the Kashi brand. During the quarter, we did see some softness. We see that as temporary. There were 2 or 3 specific customer issues with the Kashi brand that we've been working through. We've also built plans for the future based on increased brand building and innovation. And in fact, you'll hear next week at the Day at K that we've got a 50% increase in the level of the cereal innovation behind the Kashi brand. We're also stepping up our support behind GOLEAN because there was some softness in the most recent quarter with the GOLEAN brand and we're relaunching our As Much Protein as an Egg campaign behind GOLEAN which works very hard for that brand.
John A. Bryant: If I can add on to that, I think if we look beyond cereal business, we're seeing good growth from Kashi and frozen as well which would suggest that the brand is still very strong and doing well out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just following on from Andrew's question on competitive dynamics in the U.S. Cereal segment. I think we recently heard that Post Cereals is launching their Good Morenings line at a much lower price point. I think they've got a regional test going on of 4 or 5 SKUs at the moment. And I think judging from their latest announcements, they're planning a national rollout come early 2013. Can you just give us any idea, any thoughts about what you've learned so far? Are you very confident that this is not going to have a major impact on the competitive dynamics and pricing dynamics in the Cereal segment next year? How are they doing terms of distribution? I mean, I know you can't comment about a specific brand but does seem to be potentially a bit of a change.
John A. Bryant: Alexia, the Cereal category has always been a very competitive category. It's a great category and time and time again, it responds to brand building, innovation, nutrition. I think you saw in most recent quarter that our strong Olympics campaign worked very hard for us. And in addition, the innovation that we're bringing to the marketplace is highly differentiated and our most recent innovation, Krave, which has almost a share point, has really brought something that's new, better and different to the category. Another example is adults seeking more protein. We're seeing that in our consumer tracking. Hence, we relaunched Special K Protein in the middle of this year and it's off to a fantastic start. So we will continue to play our game of brand building, innovation and nutrition messaging in the category.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then maybe as a follow-up, on the commodity outlook, many other cereal -- many other food companies have been talking about deflation or easing of commodity costs. That doesn't seem to be the case here. How are you seeing the commodity outlook as we go into the next couple of quarters, particularly on the grain side, which I thought might be getting easier, given the way that you tend to forward contract on the hedge?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, sure, Alexia. So as we said -- as I said a little earlier and on the second quarter call, we picked up some inflation in the back half associated with the grain costs going up, and that's included in our guidance, we have it managed within the earnings per share. We do expect inflation as we're moving into 2013. We haven't talked about the levels, obviously. Hedges we had from -- for 2012 will roll off and we'll have new positions coming up for 2013, but we do expect an inflationary environment. Obviously, we are going to do everything we can to drive productivity improvements to offset as much of the inflation as we possibly can.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So I just had 2 questions for you, a bit of a follow-up on Alexia's question there. In the third quarter, I don't know if you can go this far Ron, but did your pricing that came through in the quarter offset cost inflation?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Our pricing was a little bit lower than cost inflation. So it didn't fully offset it. And that's why when I commented on the commodity inflation having an impact on gross margin, it's because the pricing didn't quite fully offset it.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, understood. And I guess a bit of a follow-up on Europe. If I look at this quarter, you had a fairly -- if you look at your internal sales, had a pretty similar sales performance, obviously, a little bit better sequentially but still a little soft on the volume side, you had an easier comp on the profit side, but you did have a much better profit performance overall. And I guess maybe the answer is the comp, but I was just curious about of the U.K. performance, how that improved in the quarter and the degree which that helped your profit performance overall for Europe.
John A. Bryant: Certainly, Chris, I think we're happy to see the improved performance in Europe. We're still not satisfied with where it is and we expect to see a better fourth quarter out of Europe from a top line perspective. And the U.K. certainly helped that turnaround as we look within the year. We also saw some good growth in France and some -- it's really -- the challenges for us are in southern Europe, with Spain and Italy in particular were soft. As we build for the future year we need also continue to invest back in the business to that a top line growing as well, so you'll see some of that come through in the fourth quarter. So I would expect to be -- to continue to have a profit decline in Q4 for Europe and as we go into 2013, we remain very cautious on our outlook for Europe.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Excuse me. Sean, I think that's about all we have time for?
Operator: All right. Thank you very much. Would like to close the call now?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. Thank you everybody for joining us today. I appreciate it very much and we'll be available, as always, to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon Burton - Executive Officer of Snacks business unit John A. Bryant - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Todd Penegor
Analysts: Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will turn the call over to Simon Burton, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference.
Simon Burton: Thanks, Karen. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our second quarter 2012 results. I'm joined here by John Bryant, our President and CEO; Ron Dissinger, our Chief Financial Officer; and Todd Penegor, President of our U.S. Snacks business. As we move from being a global cereal company to being a global cereal and snacks company, our intention is to highlight different business units periodically. Todd's here to discuss our U.S. Snacks business in more detail. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website, www.kelloggcompany.com. And as you're aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. So for further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, August 6. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And with that, I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased that the results we announced this morning are in line with our expectations and the guidance we gave last quarter. In fact, total internal revenue growth for the quarter was in the middle of the 2% to 3% range we expect for the full year and represented an improvement from the results we posted in the first quarter. Importantly, we saw improvement in overall revenue trends in both the North American and international businesses, with the North American business posting both good revenue and operating profit growth. So we do feel much better about this performance and some of the traction we've achieved from actions taken in recent months. I'll speak more about this later. The operating profit results also improved in the second quarter, although less dramatically than sales. As we told you last quarter, we expected that Europe's profit would decline at about the same rate in the second quarter as it did in the first quarter. This turned out to be the case. As you know, economic conditions in Europe continue to be difficult, but we're optimistic that we've begun to take the right actions across the region and that we will see further improvement. So we have additional visibility because of the results we posted in the second quarter, and we are maintaining our outlook for the full year across the P&L. We're actively executing the strategy we outlined to you earlier this year. We are a global cereal and a U.S. snack company. We're building a global snack business, and the addition of Pringles is an important part of that. So let me talk a bit more about Pringles and Slide 4. The integration is progressing well. Just as a reminder, this was a carve-out, not a straight acquisition, and was far more complicated as a result. So we're pleased that the transition is going so smoothly. Our Pringles team and the existing Kellogg teams are working very well together, and we anticipate that we will be able to discontinue our transition services with Procter & Gamble on schedule. We now have improved visibility into both the company's operations and the annual synergies that we expect to realize. We remain very comfortable that ongoing annual synergies will be in the $50 million to $75 million range we discussed with you previously. And finally, we're seeing good sales early in the third quarter and are starting to leverage Pringles through cross display and marketing activities. It is also important to note that our customers around the world have a lot of confidence in the brand, and just like us, are optimistic regarding its potential. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ron.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. If you will turn to Slide 5, you will see our quarterly and year-to-date financial summary. We posted reported revenue growth of 2.6% in the quarter and internal sales, excluding the impact of Pringles, divestitures and foreign exchange, increased by 2.3%. And that's on top of a very strong 6% internal growth in the second quarter of last year. Year-to-date internal revenue growth was 1.1%, driven by the improved trends we saw in both North America and Europe in the second quarter. Internal operating profit decreased by 5% in the quarter against a difficult comparison of 8% last year. The timing of our planned investment in supply chain lowered overall operating profit by 5 points. So operating profit would have been flat without this impact. You’ll remember that our investment in 2012 will be at the same level as in 2011. However, shape is different given that last year's investment was skewed much more to the back half. Also, as John mentioned, Europe results contributed to the decline as did continued high commodity costs. Reported earnings per share were $0.84 in the second quarter, in line with our expectations, including $0.07 of transaction and integration costs associated with the acquisition of Pringles. We also saw below-the-line favorability of $0.02 per share, which I'll talk about in more detail later. Slide 6 shows the details of second quarter sales growth. Reported sales increased by 2.6%, and internal sales increased by 2.3%. While volumes declined by 0.6 points, we continued to see favorable results in price and mix at almost 3 points. Importantly, sales increased in the quarter across all 3 categories: cereal, snacks and our other category, which is primarily Frozen Foods and some Specialty Channels business. Pringles added 3.5 points to overall reported sales growth as a result of the sales we picked up in June. And finally, currency decreased overall growth by 3 points. Now if you'll turn to Slide 7. We'll look at our gross profit performance. Gross profit was $1.4 billion in the second quarter, and gross margin declined by 190 basis points. Commodity costs increased in the quarter, but productivity savings and pricing helped offset the impact. The key drivers of the margin decline were the timing of investment in our supply chain and lower production as we reduced levels of inventory. These 2 items accounted for more than half the decline we saw in gross margin. And the addition of the Pringles business also reduced our reported gross margin. As we've said in the past, however, we intend to improve the margins at Pringles over time. It's worth noting that gross profit dollars would have been flat if we exclude the timing for the supply chain investments. Finally, as you are aware, some commodity prices have increased significantly over the past couple of months due to weather conditions. We are now essentially fully covered on food and packaging inputs for the year, and we have included the impact of recent inflation in our outlook for the year. Slide 8 shows details of our investment in brand building over the last 18 months. Investment was lower in the quarter, although this was the result of comparisons to strong investment the first half of last year, which supported our innovation and marketing programs. This year, we have a lot of activity planned in the second half to support commercial activities and innovation. In addition, we are a proud sponsor of the Olympics. So you can appreciate that our investment will be skewed to the second half of the year. As you know, investment in brand building is one of the cornerstones of our operating principles. We're committed to this investment, which includes effective programs and more efficient spending, specifically through increased use of digital media. Importantly, even including these efficiencies, we still expect to increase brand building for the whole company at a rate equal to or greater than sales growth for the full year. Slide 9 shows the internal operating performance for each of the regions. Total company internal operating profit decreased by 5% in the quarter. As I mentioned earlier, the year-over-year impact of our investment in supply chain accounted for all of the decline. As a reminder, we stepped up our investment in supply chain by $100 million last year and held this investment in 2012. We're getting a good return from this investment, and our supply chain is stabilized. So while the timing of the investment has been a significant headwind in the first half of the year, it will be a tailwind in the second half. North America's internal operating profit increased by more than 3% in the quarter. This was due to strong sales growth, including volume, price and mix improvements. It's also worth noting that we achieved this growth despite the headwind from the timing of the supply chain investments I mentioned earlier. As we expected, Europe's internal operating profit declined by 20% in the quarter. Half of this decline was the result of lower production to reduce inventory levels. The remainder was due to lower sales and consumer pressures across the region. Europe has been a very difficult operating environment for us. Internal operating profit in Latin America decreased by approximately 15% in the second quarter. While sales growth was strong, operating profit declined due to a one-time benefit from an asset sale last year and a very strong double-digit increase in brand building in the quarter this year. In fact, these 2 items accounted for all of the decline in operating profit. And finally, internal operating profit in Asia Pacific decreased by almost 32%, although this was only $8 million. This was primarily the result of a continued difficult operating environment in Australia, including reductions in retailer inventories. However, we did see very early signs of improvement in the category and in our performance in Australia late in the quarter. Now let's turn to Slide 10 and a discussion of cash flow. Year-to-date cash flow was approximately $525 million, an increase of more than $120 million versus last year. As we said in the first quarter, this includes much of the working capital benefit we expected from Pringles, and we remain focused on managing working capital and made progress in reducing our inventories during the second quarter. Year-to-date capital spending was $155 million or 2.2% of sales. Full year capital spending is still expected to be in the range of 4% to 5% of sales, but it is more second half weighted and includes investment in Pringles. And we purchased no shares during the quarter. As we have said, we intend to pay down debt to strengthen our balance sheet. Slide 11 shows details of our full year guidance for 2012. As we've said previously, internal sales and operating profit exclude the impact of Pringles, but our earnings per share guidance includes the expected accretion and one-time costs related to the acquisition. So as you can see on the chart, we've maintained our guidance for the year. As a result, we continue to expect internal net sales growth to be between 2% and 3%. This includes the impact of good price and mix growth, partially offset by decline in volume. We also expect that reported gross margin will be down more than 100 basis points for the year, including the impact of a lower margin structure for Pringles. Internal gross margin will decline less than 100 basis points, consistent with our previous expectations. Our expectations for total cost of goods inflation, including commodity inflation, remain at approximately 7%. And again, we continue to expect that our supply chain will deliver good productivity savings of slightly greater than 3%, in line with our long-term expectations. Our estimate is that full year internal operating profit will be lower by 2% to 4%, including the increase in investment in brand building, equal to or greater than sales growth. And our guidance for earnings per share remains consistent, although some of the puts and takes have changed. Let's turn to Slide 12 to discuss changes to some of the components of our guidance. Remember that last quarter, we had a one-time $0.05 benefit from transaction-related hedging. This quarter, we had a couple of one-time items also, including that benefit reversing itself, that combined to a $0.02 negative impact. But this was more than offset by a lower tax rate that added approximately $0.04 of benefit. So we netted a positive $0.02 impact from these one-time items in the quarter. All of these items are related to the Pringles acquisition. As a result of the tax benefit this quarter, we now expect our full year effective tax rate to be approximately 29%. Expectations for currency translation got $0.02 worse and now stand at approximately $0.06 of negative impact for the year. We've outlined all of this information on this slide. So as a result, our estimate for full year earnings per share remains in the $3.18 to $3.30 range. This includes a net $0.07 to $0.10 headwind of one-time items and the $0.06 headwind from currency. And cash flow is still expected to be in the $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion range. Finally, you can see from the full year guidance that we're expecting continued improvement and much better results in the second half of the year. This should be a gradual improvement, though, as we progress through the remainder of the year. And with that, I'll turn it back to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Slide 13 shows the internal revenue growth posted by Kellogg North America and Kellogg International in the quarter. Both results represent a significant improvement from their performance in the first quarter. Revenue growth in North America was 4%. That was declined by 1% in our International business, mostly due to the results we expected in Europe. Slide 14 shows the U.S. business broken out by segment. As you can see, each of the segments posted growth in the quarter. U.S. Morning Foods and Kashi posted growth of 1.2%. Cereal sales and share declined slightly, as we were lapping a double-digit sales growth at almost 1.5 of share gains in the second quarter of last year. So the performance was good, considering that we proactively chose to lower incremental spending during the period and we've all seen that we posted good share growth in more recent data. The contribution from innovation has also been good, with Krave cereal continuing to do very well at 1 share point. The Pop-Tarts business had a great quarter, posting a strong sales growth, and we had a very favorable response to the reintroduction of the Crazy Good advertising campaign. And the Kashi business posted good sales growth, including the Bear Naked brand, which contributed -- which continued to post very strong growth as a result of innovation and increased levels of distribution. U.S. Specialty segment posted internal revenue growth of 6.3%. This was a result of strong innovation, particularly Special K Cracker Chips, which are off to a great start in these channels. Also, we saw double-digit growth and good share performance in the Convenience channel and increased sales of Frozen Foods. The North America Other segment, which is comprised of the Frozen Food and Canadian businesses, also had a great quarter. Frozen Foods had another strong quarter, posting high single-digit revenue growth off a difficult comparison. In fact, our Frozen Foods business is the fastest-growing, large Frozen Foods business in the U.S. over the last 52-week period, as measured by Nielsen. The innovation we've launched is doing well in all the categories, and Eggo Thick & Fluffy waffles posted strong double-digit growth in their second year. And we've got Special K flatbread breakfast sandwiches and vanilla Eggo waffles planned for introduction. Veggie Foods is responding to activity that started late in the quarter, and we're seeing strong growth in recent measured channel data. And the Canadian business also posted strong revenue growth. Innovations are doing well in Canada, especially Special K Cracker Chips, which are off to a very strong start. Now if you'll turn to Slide 15, you'll see just some of the innovation that has either been launched this year or that will be launched in the second half. The purpose of this is to give you some idea of the magnitude of the activity and look at some of the great new products that we've launched. Remember that corporate-wide, we've launched approximately $600 million of innovation in 2010. This grew to approximately $800 million in 2011, and are on course to introduced innovation of $900 million in 2012. That's sort of activity, but we know that this is essential to our future growth. Now, I'm pleased to introduce Todd Penegor, the President of our U.S. Snacks business. As Simon said at the beginning of the call, we intend to highlight one business on these calls from time to time. Given the acquisition of Pringles and the importance of snacks to our plans for future growth, we want to take this opportunity to have Todd talk more about our single largest business unit, U.S. Snacks.
Todd Penegor: Thanks, John. First of all, let's take a look at Slide 17 and a discussion of the Snacks business performance in the second quarter. As you can see, we posted very good internal sales growth of 4.1% and this was building on strong mid-single-digit growth in the second quarter of last year. The cracker category increased at a mid-single-digit rate in all channel data, and we increased category share. As in previous quarters, both Cheez-It and Special K crackers did very well in the quarter, and we're very excited about the introduction of Special K popcorn chips in August. These new SKUs will build on the current Special K franchise, and we're confident this off-cycle innovation will continue to drive our business. The cookie business posted low single-digit growth on good performance from the focus on the core Keebler brands. Fudge Shoppe, Chips Deluxe and Sandies all did well and in combination posted sales growth that exceeded the low-single-digit category growth. Our wholesome snack business also had a very good quarter. Sales of Special K bars, Nutri-Grain bars and Rice Krispies Treats all grew in the quarter. You'll remember that our wholesome snack innovation for the year is much more skewed to the second half of the year, and we're starting to see some of the benefit already. Although it's early, Special K Pastry Crisps are off to a good start, and FiberPlus Nutty Delights are now being activated. Slide 19 shows the scale of and our share in the 4 main categories in which we compete in the U.S. As you can see, these are big categories which add almost $20 billion a year in sales, and they're growing, too. So although we're strong #2 in wholesome snack and cracker categories and a more distant #2 in cookies and savory snacks, we see a lot of potential in all these businesses. This means that we have to embrace our position and act as a hungry #2. And it also means that we have to drive our execution and innovation that much harder, and we have. We've done a very good job with both over the years. I'll talk about some of these initiatives in a little more detail in a few minutes. So as I mentioned, our categories have been growing more than 4% a year, and I'd like to think that the hard work we put in by the entire team has meant that Kellogg has helped drive part of this growth. A big part of our success is due to the strength of our brands. And if you turn to Slide 21, you'll see some detail regarding one of the most important of those brands. Cheez-It has been a multiyear success story for us. We've had some great close-in innovation over the years and have worked hard to keep the brand fresh. The purchase rate on Cheez-It is among the highest of our large brands, and you can see on the chart the impressive growth posted as a result over the last 15 years. In fact, this brand increased sales every year over this 15-year period, and the compound annual growth rate was more than 9%, which is really impressive. Recently, Cheez-It scored highly in a study of popular savory snack brands. This survey focused on a broad array of benefits and product attributes valued by consumers and included some of the largest savory snack brands in the country. Cheez-It is a cracker and is sold in the cracker aisle. However, consumers think of it as a savory snack and they consume it like one. We have integrated our consumer programs with our sales efforts to really drive incremental sales and build the brand. The successful Choose Your Cheese program is one example that ran over the last couple of years, and we've also got sales partnerships with Coke and MillerCoors, which we're very excited about and that will provide even more opportunities in the future. And so, as a result of these activities, we have some very passionate consumers who have driven this to be one of the largest brands in the company, with almost 3.5 million Facebook fans. Finally though, I would like to say that we don't think we've tapped anywhere near all the potential of this brand despite the past growth you see on the chart. In fact, we expect that sticking to our plan will bring many more years of success. Now let's turn to Slide 22 and a discussion of another important brand for us, Special K, which has helped to drive our wholesome snack and cracker businesses. The Special K brand in Snacks has benefited from strong innovation, and we've seen increased household penetration and very passionate consumers. As a result, we posted strong growth in each of the last few years, and you can see it all adds to a compound annual growth rate over the period of more than 22%, which is great. In fact, the growth has been accelerated over the last couple of years by the introduction of Special K Cracker Chips, which have increased the brand's reach. And the introduction was one of our most successful in the category. The 2 SKUs we launched this year have done well, on top of a strong base set last year. It is on trend, highly relevant proposition and brand and it's successfully traveling to businesses outside of the U.S. as well. Kellogg Canada and Kellogg Mexico have both launched this product and have also seen great results. Importantly, we're confident that Special K Popcorn Chips and Pastry Crisps, both of which are being introduced in the second half of 2012 with strong support, will help keep this business growing. Slide 23 shows some detail regarding the Keebler cookie brand, which is one of our strongest. The Keebler brand, the Keebler Elves and the Hollow Tree are all loved by consumers. Last year, we decided to focus our efforts on the broader Keebler brand and primarily Fudge Shoppe, Chips De and Sandies. And as you can see from the chart, the results have been dramatic. It's important to note that the Keebler brand accounts for $1 billion of sales across the cookie and cracker categories. We changed a lot of things as a part of this refocus: Advertising, pricing, packaging, marketing partnerships, social media activities, and we even rethought our in-store activation. And we're pleased with the performance in the latest 52-week period. As you can see, the core sub-brands under Keebler have posted strong growth, a big change from prior periods. And as with Cheez-It and Special K, we've got increasingly passionate consumers, more activity and good innovation planned, all of which should help us maintain our solid momentum. And now you'll turn to Slide 24. The final brand I'd like to highlight today is, of course, Pringles. In U.S. Snacks, we're really excited about the opportunities that Pringles brings. This is a big iconic brand and is one that allows us to leverage our strengths: brand building, innovation and strong in-store execution. It also provides us with access to another aisle in the store. As John has mentioned previously, the business has been a little constrained on capacity. But we're doing a lot of work on this as an organization. This means that as we progress, we should be able to focus on driving sales growth, particularly through the introduction of innovation and additional merchandising, leveraging our in-store presence. The introduction of Pringles with more flavor has helped accelerate the growth of this brand. This was a simple idea, but it's one that highlights the opportunities we have to drive this business. We've also got a lot of really great brand-building ideas, and we've got savory snack brands that complement each other. So as you might imagine, we're already co-promotions with Pringles and Cheez-It. We see a lot more potential to do this kind of thing as we look across the portfolio. Slide 26 shows some detail on the success of our innovation that I referenced earlier. As you can see, we've done a great job driving innovation in our largest categories, in both absolute terms and versus the competition. It's also important to note that this is a 3-year rolling innovation which highlights the longer-term success of some of these ideas. We've increased the amount of innovation we've launched, measured in dollars, consistently over the last few years. So we're very proud of this track record, and I believe that we have the processes and ideas in place to continue this success into the future. One final note on innovation. We recently have been recognized by both Nielsen and IRI for some of the successful innovations we've launched. Specifically, these are awards for our Town House Flipsides, Special K Cracker Chips and Special K Pastry Crisps products. Now let's turn to Slide 27 and the final element of our growth strategy, the DSD delivery network, which is one of the largest in the country. Let's look at some of the impressive statistics on the page. As you can imagine, visiting each store more than 4 times a week on average puts us in regular contact with both our customers and consumers. The number of visits also helps us manage the shelf and minimize out-of-stocks. And we can't wait to build on our in-store presence to drive even more display for our Pringles business. So in conclusion, on Slide 28, I'd just like to say that we're very motivated by the opportunities we have in the U.S. Snacks business here at Kellogg. There is great potential in all the categories in which we compete. These categories are growing, and we're benefiting from this. We have the right brands. Cheez-It, Special K, Keebler, and now, Pringles, are all great brands, and we've got the opportunity to accelerate their performance as we focus, integrate and expand our efforts. We've got a great innovation plan and, as importantly, a well-run process that's been very successful. And we've executed well in-store and will continue to do so. We are very optimistic regarding our future in Snacks and we're very excited to welcome the U.S. Pringles employees to the Snacks family. And finally, I'd like to thank all the employees of the Snacks business for their hard work. Together, they've built a great organization, and they should all be very proud. And with that, I'll turn it back over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thank you, Todd. Now if you'll turn to Slide 29, you'll see some detail regarding our International businesses. Sales performance posted by our European business in the second quarter was better than we saw in the first quarter. The U.K. business also declined much less than it did in Q1 as some of our commercial plans and pricing actions started to gain traction. We have new Special K and Crunchy Nut advertising on-air. We have launched new Special K Biscuit Moments, and Nutri-Grain Breakfast Biscuits are going into the market. This is a growing category, and we see potential in this great new product. More broadly, we've got new ads on the air for most of our major brands, and we've relaunched Special K in both Italy and Spain, like we did last year in Mexico, where we saw very good sales growth as a result. We feel better about the second half because of all this activity and because of other innovations we have planned. However, as you've heard from other companies, the continent continues to be a challenge given the economic environment. Southern Europe in particular, is difficult, and we are taking action in the region and we're watching developments closely. Quarterly net sales results in Asia Pacific were impacted by lower retail inventories and a difficult competitive environment in Australia, as retailers decreased their inventories around their fiscal year end. Australia is a developed market and has issues similar to other developed markets. However, the third quarter is off to a better start, and we have stronger activity planned for the second half. In addition, we saw good growth in Southeast Asia, China and India, and we expect better growth across the region in the second half of the year as we have more activity planned, including a significant amount of brand building. Sales in Latin America increased by almost 7% as a result of strong pricing and double-digit growth in certain countries. We increased brand building at a double-digit rate in Q2 and are also planning for a double-digit increase across the balance of the year. So we expect continued good revenue growth in Latin America this year because of this investment and because of innovations such as Special K Crisps and Special K Cracker Chips, which are similar to the ones you are familiar with in the U.S. Like in other places around the world, this launch is off to a very strong start. In conclusion, I'd like to say that we have increased visibility into our International business for the balance of the year. We're taking actions across the regions, some of them significant, and we're starting to see improvement. We remain very focused, and we are excited about the opportunities we see in the second half of the year and into 2013. Now let's turn to Slide 30 and the summary. We're pleased that our second quarter performance improved from the first quarter of the year. The North American business posted internal growth in both sales and operating profit. We've done a lot of work in these businesses, and we're encouraged by the improvement. And we're excited about the prospects for the second half. The International business also posted improved performance, as some of the actions that we have taken have started to make a difference. We expect that this activity will drive performance that continues to improve as we progress through the second half. And because of this, we have additional visibility into our outlook for the year. We plan to continue investing in our model because we know that it is the right way to run our business. Investment in our brands and strong innovation are what drives our results, and we're excited about both what we have planned for the remainder of this year and the longer-term prospects for the business. We compete in great categories, and we have new strong growth opportunities in our Pringles business. Finally, I'd just like to thank Kellogg's employees for all their hard work. I'd also like to welcome the new employees coming to the family as a result of the Pringles acquisition. And with that, I'll open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Greg Hessler from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: As you guys ended the quarter, I think you had like $750 million in short-term debt, and you've got a couple of notes that are maturing in the next 12 months. So I was wondering, how do you plan to address those? I know you're focused on using near-term free cash flow to reduce debt, but might we see you back in the corporate bond market in the next couple months or in the back half of the year?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, Greg. This is Ron. It is possible that we'll be back in the market. We'll obviously look at all of our options here, including a CP, as well as longer-term debt.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And in conjunction with the debt reduction, is there a particular balance that you're targeting by year end?
Ronald L. Dissinger: We haven't communicated a specific balance that we're targeting by year end. What we have said is that we like our BBB+ credit-rating, and we're working to maintain that rating by paying down our debt and strengthening our balance sheet.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Europe, it sounds like you're feeling confident about the progress you're making there. Can you help illuminate some of the issues? So just give us a little more detail of exactly what the challenges have been there.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think as we said back on the first quarter call, we've been disappointed by our start in Europe. I think to your point, Jason, we are seeing much better progress in the second quarter, and our second quarter results were in line with our expectations -- the expectations we gave you coming out of that first quarter call. We have seen improvement in the U.K. and France. Having said that, Southern Europe, particularly Spain and Italy, have been a bit softer than we would like, and that just reflects the tough environment in that part of the world. To give you a sense of some of the actions that we've taken, in the U.K. we have new cereal innovation coming out, with line extensions on All-Bran, Crunchy Nut and Krave. In the U.K. we have Special K Biscuit Moments launching in June. And in Spain and Italy, we're actually relaunching Special K, which is our biggest brand there, similar to what we did in Latin America last year, where we saw a very good response from that program. And across the region, we have new proven copy behind major brands, and we've improved some price points in some critical brands in some major markets. So I think we are making some good progress, and it's coming through in a better result in Q2 than Q1.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And just a housekeeping item. On your guidance bridge here, you've got, it looks like a net $0.02 benefit from one-time costs. And I know FX is an offset. But just on a currency neutral basis, if we were to exclude the one-timers, is it right that you're lowering sort of the constant currency pro forma guidance by $0.02? And if so, where exactly is that coming from?
Ronald L. Dissinger: We're not necessarily lowering the constant currency guidance. Our base or core EPS remains exactly the same. We've got $0.02 of headwind of currency.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But you have $0.02 of a net tailwind from one-time costs, is that right? That weren't included in the guidance before?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. Yes, we do.
Simon Burton: That's right, Jason. Excuse me, it's Simon. Those 2 things offset each other so...
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes.
Simon Burton: We're still at a $3.18 to $3.30.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But if FX hadn't changed -- okay, I'll follow up offline.
Ronald L. Dissinger: If FX hadn't changed, then the rates would have gone up.
Simon Burton: Yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to know if you can give us a little more color on how Pringles is doing. We can see the data in the U.S. but not so clearly in Europe, and this is a heavily European business. Are they having the same kind of geographic kind of slowdown in Southern Europe, and can you help us quantify what it looks like? And then secondly, can you give us an update on how you're thinking about that combination of integrating Pringles in Europe and also, I think, kind of restructuring your headquarter platform in Europe? And I think a lot of people are concerned that this is a lot to take on at this time when Europe, in general, is having recessionary conditions.
John A. Bryant: Let me say a few comments first about Pringles in general and then Europe, and then maybe have Todd say a few things about what's happening in Pringles here in the United States. The integration is going very well with Pringles, very smoothly. We have good visibility into the synergies. We're having good pickup with Pringles employees now becoming Kellogg employees. And I think actually, the company's done an excellent job of executing a very difficult integration with the carve-out and moving forward. And as you say, we are seeing some good response here in the near term in the U.S, and I'll have Todd talk about that in a minute. In terms of Europe, the Pringles business is doing well in Europe. We do have more of an emerging market platform for that business than, say, the Kellogg company would have. But we're continuing to see progress in that business. More broadly, as you said, we are undergoing a major set of changes in our European business. We are organizing ourselves for the future. That means we are looking at the best way to set ourselves up. The beauty of the Pringles acquisition is it creates a snacking capability to add to our International business. It helps transform our International business from largely a cereal business to a cereal and snacks business. The Pringles acquisition or integration within Europe, Pringles will continue to be in Geneva, so there's not a big dislocation there. There is an opportunity though for us to look at how we best organize Europe, given that we have cereal in Dublin and Pringles in Geneva. Asia Pacific, we'll also have Pringles in Singapore and seeing very good progress of that integration as well. And it's a relatively small business in Latin America. So early days in Europe. A lot going on. But we think Pringles actually is an important part of the strategy to help drive the future growth of our European business. And so we feel we're absolutely taking the right long-term actions. Todd, you want to talk a little bit about the U.S. channels?
Todd Penegor: And in the U.S., it's -- the integration is also going very smooth. We haven't skipped a beat. Period 6 came in on expectations, and we're off to a solid start here in Period 7. Really excited about the opportunity to leverage our in-store presence to drive even bigger partnerships and in-store displays. And we're securing the right talent to ensure our success going forward. So feel very, very good at the moment.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And John, just 37% of Pringles sales are in Western Europe. Are those -- is that business down?
John A. Bryant: Coming into the year, Pringles had a strategy in some parts of Western Europe to reduce their reliance on some of those markets. And some of those markets are down; others are up. So it's a bit of a mixed story across the continent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. A couple of questions, I guess. First, just more specific you're looking at the tax rate, I guess, as included in the guidance, a large part of that is due to Pringles. But shouldn't Pringles help the overall tax rate long term? And should we then therefore take some comfort in the fact that you're including this benefit in the second quarter as maybe a longer-term benefit to the company?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Pringles will benefit our tax rate over the longer term based on the tax-efficient structures that are in place, Eric. What we recognized in the second quarter was a one-time benefit associated with the liability that we adjusted in relation to International earnings. We previously expected we might repatriate those International earnings. Now as a result of a debt that we have overseas, we'll use that cash to pay down the debt. So we made this one-time adjustment to that liability and picked up $0.04 of earnings per share benefit.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So is -- again, just on the one-time items, the $0.07 to $0.10 that you originally -- well, you updated in this -- after the first quarter results, that -- the $0.07 to $0.10, that includes the, I guess, net $0.03 hedging gain, but that also includes a $0.04 tax benefit and then the initial one-time items that you had put out at CAGNY?
Ronald L. Dissinger: That's exactly right, Eric. So it's got the integration costs embedded, which are a headwind. It's got the benefit of this -- it's a transactional foreign exchange item of $0.03. And then it's got $0.04 of benefit related to tax.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess just last question. Just kind of maybe talking about, John, the cereal business in the U.S. It looks like the category has still been a bit of a struggle. Perhaps you can talk a little bit about that. And as I go around, there are still a lot of questions about the category versus other breakfast items or even versus pretty aggressive QSR movement into breakfast. Perhaps an update there, and then I'll pass it on.
John A. Bryant: We remain excited about the long- term potential of cereal in the U.S. We see it as a low-single-digit growth category, and in the second quarter, it was flat to up 1%. So at the lower end of the range that we'd like to be operating in, but not that far out of that range. And the reason we believe it has long-term potential, obviously, is the aging population, health and wellness considerations, and we know it's a category driven by brand building and innovation. Within the cereal category in the second quarter, we were down about 1% in the U.S. but lapping a 13% growth last year. And so our share did drop down about 50 basis points, but we began lapping a 140-basis-point gain in the year-ago period. And within the category, we're actually seeing very stable base sales performance. And where the category is losing a little bit of volume is on the incremental side. I think that reflects some of the actions taken in the area of pricing through the year. But I think longer term, what's going to drive this category is going to be more innovation and more brand building. And if you look across our back half plans, we have a much heavier brand-building investment in the back half of the year, and we have new innovation like Special K Protein coming out in the back half. And if there's one thing we are seeing in general, it's a little bit of protein seeking going on, whether it be Greek yogurt or eggs or similar sort of items. And so we believe that we can play into that, even through cereal. So we're comfortable with where the cereal business is. It's improving as we go through the year. We see a better back half, and we believe it has good long-term growth prospects.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: When you bought your grains for this year, was that before or after the big corn spike? I'm asking because I think it's reasonable to assume it was before since your guidance for total cost inflation has remained constant even though corn and wheat and oats and so forth have jumped since you last provided an update. And the reason I'm asking is not so much about 2012 but just kind of looking ahead to 2013 and seeing if we can reasonably expect a little bit of a commodity headwind at that point.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So for 2012, we did have some grains purchased or hedges in place. We did see a little bit of exposure in the back part of the year but we've been able to manage that, Ken, and still stay within our guidance and total cost inflation expectations.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is it reasonable for us to assume that commodities overall will still be somewhat of a headwind next year?
Ronald L. Dissinger: We do expect inflation in 2013. Keep in mind, we buy $5 billion worth of commodity packaging and energy across our business. The grains are a relatively small portion of that overall purchase. But yes, we do expect some inflation next year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Palmer from UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I have a question separately on supply chain. You mentioned something about supply chain being a little bit disproportionately high -- investments in supply chain being disproportionately high in the second quarter. Can you give an update about how that's flowing through the year in terms of incremental spending on supply chain first half versus second half? And are you on track for that sort of, I think it was $100 million of incremental spend? And then any specifics about what you're spending that on and what that's supposed to achieve would be great.
Ronald L. Dissinger: It's very consistent with what we've communicated before, Dave. And yes, $100 million is still our expectation for spending in 2012 because we're lapping the investment we made primarily in the back half of last year. We're seeing headwinds in the front half of this year. And then we'll see a benefit in the back half of 2012.
John A. Bryant: Then, David, I'd like to say that the investments are having a tremendous payoff for us. And I really do believe it was absolutely the right thing to do. We've turned the corner with our supply chain. We're having a much, much better 2012. And those investments will enable us to continue to drive our business forward, to continue to grow the business over time. So I really feel like we -- it's been absolutely the right thing and it's made tremendous progress in our supply chain.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Is there any way that you could illustrate with examples about what you mean when that -- improving your ability to execute in supply chain and what sort of increment -- any dollars in terms of what benefit that will provide?
John A. Bryant: I think it has to do with just the stability of the supply chain and the overall performance of the supply chain. If you went back over the last 3 to 4 years, unfortunately we've had a number of events that have adversely affected our company. As we went into the back half of last year, we really took the business apart, making sure we were getting down to the root causes, understanding the issues and resolving them. And as we've gone through this year, we'd have a much, much better performance out of our supply chain as a result.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger from Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just one follow-up on grain costs. As we think about the impact of the recent increase in costs on discrete categories, as we look forward to next year, and specifically thinking about cereal, as it stands today, do you feel confident in your ability to cover the inflation outlook for next year through productivity? Or are we approaching the point where you think additional pricing might be required in cereal at some point during the next 6 to 12 months?
John A. Bryant: Matthew, we really cannot talk about prospective pricing. I want to get back to what Ron said. We buy a lot of different items, of which grains are just one. So we might have some inflation on that particular item but we have some other items that are not inflationary. We as a company and as an industry, are driving tremendous productivity to try to help offset our need to take pricing as much as possible, and I'm sure that will continue to be the approach of the company and the industry in general. So this is one more thing for us to manage our way through, and we'll talk about our 2013 outlook at the end of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron from RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just following up on David's question on the supply chain. Does turning the corner there give you the confidence that you can begin to manage down that spending in the out years? And then just a follow-up, a separate housekeeping question. Have you finished the inventory adjustment and can you maybe actually give the quarter ending inventory level for the base business, excluding Pringles?
John A. Bryant: Let me answer your question on the supply chain. Our goal is to always be driving productivity to our supply chain. We see that investment of $100 million as a permanent step-up in the base. If we can do anything over time to reduce that spend, obviously we will. But we're looking at it in the context of running the total supply chain, not as $100 million in isolation. So our goal is to keep driving our productivity around 3% to 4%. That's our long-term aspiration. In terms of inventory, Ron?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. In terms of the inventory reductions, we will still see some inventory coming out over the back half of the year. So we'll have some adverse impact there. In terms of getting into the exact inventory for Pringles and what our balance sheet is, I'd rather not go into that level of detail.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney from Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I guess I have a detailed question, and then I have a question for Todd. The detailed question is, just coming back to the guidance. So I guess in a nutshell, the tax rate that’s now 29% for the full year means your second half tax rate is what you anticipated it was going to be when you originally gave guidance earlier this year. It's just part of those Pringles net cost and benefits included a tax element that we weren't counting on before. Is that a fair characterization?
Ronald L. Dissinger: That's exactly right. That's right, Jonathan. That's exactly the way to think about it.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: As a question for Todd, you've had such success with the Snack program, and I think, yes, even going back to the Keebler acquisition and look at how you've executed against innovations there. What is the -- what were the costs and benefits be, like why is the decision not being made to integrate Pringles into that DSD network? And is that something that's potential for the future? And what I'm -- I guess, what are the aspects of that business versus the rest of your Snack business that make that the appropriate decision? I mean, could that change?
Todd Penegor: Good question, Jonathan. We have a very efficient distribution model already in place for Pringles. So the key is for us to continue to drive that efficiency to get it to the back of the store. The opportunity then is how do we leverage all of our great in-store presence to drive incremental merchandising, like bundling some of our bigger programs to make it even better. And you’re already seeing examples of that right now with the back-to-school program. And you saw the picture in the deck with the Pringles being integrated into our school bus program. So we're getting it up on display and leveraging the in-store sales force.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Leveraging the in-store but not the actual delivery component, is that right?
Todd Penegor: That's right. And we don't have an intention to actually change the way we get it to the back of the store.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Does that limit -- I mean, let me ask it this way. I mean, what -- does that limit -- does Pringles have more points of distribution in North America right now or Keebler? I mean, are you limiting Pringles distribution by doing that? Or is there -- is Pringles' footprint the same size and it's just there's no point in integrating the 2?
Todd Penegor: A similar footprint. I think the biggest opportunity that we see is Pringles acts a lot like Cheez-It, when you look at lift-top display. And what we want to do is just continue to drive the display element of it. It's got a different shelf life, so we've got more opportunity to grab inventory to pull from the back of the store and get it up into our bigger and better and integrated promotions going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So what other key regions and products that you will expect to see the biggest relative change in the brand building? Because you said it's going to build. Can you just talk about which regions and which products? And then secondly, are you surprised, given the significantly higher brand building, that volume in Latin America kind of fell 1.5%? If you could touch on those 2 points, that would be great.
John A. Bryant: Yes. If you look at the brand building investment in the back half of the year, it's going to go disproportionately against where we believe our longer-term growth is in the company. So Asia Pacific and Latin America are going to receive more brand building in the back half of the year. We have very exciting long-term growth plans there. And then to your question on Latin America specifically, I think we do have an opportunity to improve our volume performance in Latin America over time. In the second quarter, and even a little bit in the third quarter, you will see some trade inventory coming out of the Latin American business as we work down those inventories that did have a little bit of an impact on the Q2 volume performance.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And which products within Asia and Latin America do you expect to be spending the most behind? Is it certain brands or product categories?
John A. Bryant: Primarily cereal, as well as probably starting to open up the brand building on Pringles over time as well. I think one of our challenges or opportunities on Pringles is just to get additional capacity on line. We have a lot of growth potential, and as Todd said, we have a very excited U.S. Snack organization. One of our challenges is to open up more capacity so we can drive that business even harder.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just want to ask a few questions, John, about the Pringles. And just to understand the degree or the extent which you can sort reinvest back in that business now. I think as I understand, you have a pretty tight capacity for that business. I think you've got to bring on some more capacity. And then I also want to understand, in relation to that, again, kind of the investments you can make back into the business to achieve revenue synergies, whether it's selling the product in Mexico or it's selling more Kellogg products on the platform in Asia? It's a bit of a wide-range question, but can you give a better sense of when you can start to expect heavier investment in Pringles?
John A. Bryant: Well, I think we do have an opportunity to drive revenue synergies in Pringles. Day one, as Todd mentioned in the U.S., we are bolting on the Pringles to the in-store execution within our U.S. business. And so we're seeing some early response from that. And to enable us to supply those initiatives, we're going back [Audio Gap] our facilities and challenging the mix and challenging the opportunity to get more volume out of the current network. Going forward, though, we need to add to that network, and it's going to take us a year or so to get that capacity on line so we can really drive the business even harder.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I just wanted to ask about Latin America because it's clearly your main driver of growth internationally. I know the focus has been on Mexico historically. Your main competitor is about to close a pretty meaningful snacking acquisition in Brazil, and I just wanted to ask about your strategy for Brazil. Is Pringles going to give enough of a platform to start to roll out snacks products there? Or are there other alternatives that you will consider to get bigger in that market? Or is the focus going to continue to be Mexico?
John A. Bryant: Alexia, if you look forward over the next 10 years, we'd like to see more balanced profile for Latin America. We continue to have growth opportunities in Mexico, but we believe we have even stronger growth opportunities in the Southern Cone and in Brazil, in particular. We are the category leader in Brazil, and the category is growing strong double-digits, as are we. And we are actually investing more in Brazil this year. In fact, we will probably see more of that come through in the back half of the year. And we also believe that Pringles represents a long-term opportunity in Brazil as well.
Simon Burton: Okay, everyone. Thanks very much for joining us today. We'll be available throughout the rest of the day and the rest of the week for follow-up questions. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon Burton - Executive Officer of Snacks business unit John A. Bryant - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Cornell Burnette Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Kellogg Company First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'll turn the call over to Simon Burton, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference.
Simon Burton: Thanks, Hewey. Good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today for a review of our first quarter 2012 results. I'm joined here by John Bryant, our President and CEO; and Ron Dissinger, our Chief Financial Officer. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings.  As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, April 30, and the call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. Now I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thank you, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. We posted lower-than-expected results in the first quarter, in what proved to be a difficult operating environment. In fact, as you have seen in the data, volume growth across the industry and across most categories in the U.S. was challenging in the quarter. The results we announced on Monday were obviously disappointing. However, we have recognized over the years that setting realistic goals is an important driver of the success of our business. Given the difficult start to the year, we have revised our growth expectations for 2012. We believe that 2% to 3% sales growth for the year is a pragmatic goal and is one that allows us to follow our long-term model and invest in future growth. Lowering guidance is never easy, but it makes it possible for us to remain committed to our operating principles. As you'll remember from the fourth quarter call, we anticipated a continued difficult environment in specific categories and geographies throughout the year. This was certainly the case in Europe. We will discuss this in more detail later, but Europe's weak performance accounted for the majority of the impact on the quarter. As a result of this and the early weakness in the U.S., total internal revenue growth for the quarter was approximately flat, lower than we originally expected.  It's also important to note that while we've adjusted our expectations for full year revenue growth because of weaker-than-expected revenue performance in the first quarter, we've adjusted our expectations for operating profit and earnings to allow us to continue to invest in the future growth of the business, while also absorbing the impact of the first quarter. Obviously, the timing of this year's delivery and even the shape will likely change, given the first quarter's results and the pending acquisition of Pringles that we announced in February. Also, as we told you last quarter, we still see 2012 as a continuation of the transition we began in 2011. As I've said, we remain committed to driving future growth and plan to invest in the business. As you might imagine however, the inclusion of Pringles will also change the timing and even the specifics of this investment.  The planning for the integration of the Pringles business remains on track. It's still relatively early, but we're making good progress. We still expect to close the transaction around or before the middle of the year, and look forward to the benefits that will accrue from the combination of these 2 fantastic businesses.  And now, if you'll turn to Slide 4, you'll see some more detail regarding the progress we've made with the planning of the integration. Both Kellogg and P&G have transition planning teams in place. We've evaluated the integration process, we've highlighted the milestones we need to reach and when we need to reach them, and we have a plan in place that will enable us to achieve our goals. There's been a lot of work on both sides, but things are progressing well. The financing of the deal is also going well. We've had good support from the banks, and we expect a good reception from the market. And as you might imagine, we remain very excited about the strategic rationale of this combination. As we discussed when we announced the transaction, the growth potential we see and the international scale that Pringles provides are very important to us. In addition, while we didn't build any synergies from product expansion into the financials of the deal, we do believe that there is the potential for us to recognize a meaningful amount over the years. Obviously, we'll give you more detail on future calls.  And finally, Slide 5 gives an update on our supply chain initiative. As you all know, we increased the level of our investment by $100 million in 2011. We will, of course, look for ways to reduce this amount, but we remain committed to continually improving the entire supply chain organization. We continue to make very good progress, and as we've discussed previously, are implementing Kellogg best practices across our North American network. The supply chain organization is focused on producing great food, improving customer service, continuously improving both people and food safety, productivity enhancements and executing our strategy while delivering the financial results. And we continue to make considerable investment in facilities and our people. This includes increasing the amount of training and improving its efficacy. This investment in our processes and systems is driving increased engagement, development, and improved results and efficiencies. I'm proud of the hard work undertaken by the whole organization and the improvements we have made. This is an ongoing process and we're making good progress. And now I'll turn it over to Ron for a review of our financial highlights.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning. If you'll turn to Slide 6, you'll see our quarterly financial summary. We posted reported revenue growth that was down approximately 1% in the quarter, on top of 5% growth in the first quarter of last year. Internal sales were approximately flat, on top of 3% growth last year. Internal operating profit decreased by 6% in the quarter. The decline in profit is driven by higher commodity cost and weakness in our European business. In addition, operating profit was also negatively impacted by the shape of the investment in supply chain. We mentioned in our guidance that commodity inflation was more front-half-weighted and supply chain investments would be made across the year. Reported earnings per share were unchanged in the first quarter, in line with our expectations. It includes some below-the-line favorability.  Slide 7 details the components of sales growth in the first quarter. As I mentioned, reported sales decreased by 1% and internal sales were approximately flat, including strong price and mix of 4.4%. Tonnage declined by 4.5%, as a result of the weakness in Europe and in U.S. Morning Foods. We continue to expect that volume will be under pressure this year, but that it will improve as we progress through the year. Finally, currency decreased overall growth by approximately 1 point.  Slide 8 shows our gross profit performance for the quarter. Gross profit for the quarter was $1.4 billion and gross margin declined by 90 basis points to 39.9%. As we mentioned last quarter, commodity inflation and a more evenly balanced investment in our supply chain would have a meaningful impact on this quarter's results. These 2 factors contributed equally to our decline in gross margin.  Slide 9 shows the progression of our investment in brand building in recent quarters. Investment declined in the first quarter, although we were lapping a significant increase of 10% in the first quarter of 2011. So it's partially an issue of comps and timing. We have replanned our investment in Europe because we weren't seeing the returns we wanted in Q1. In addition, Europe invests a significant percentage of sales in brand building and although we've decreased this level for 2012, we're still investing more in the region than the company average on a percent-of-sales basis. For the total company, we still expect to increase brand building at a rate equal to or greater than sales growth for the full year.  Slide 10 shows our internal operating profit performance for each of the businesses by area and the company as a whole. Operating profit decreased by 6% in the quarter, with the decline being driven primarily by higher commodity costs, weak results in Europe and increased supply chain investments. North America's internal operating profit decreased by approximately 5% in the first quarter. The impact of commodity cost inflation on this business was significant, and the effect of the timing of the supply chain investment is primarily a North American issue. Europe's internal operating profit declined by 20% in the quarter due to the lower sales and the continued difficult operating environment in certain parts of the region. We have issues that we are addressing in this region and though the improvement will take some time, we're optimistic that we're taking the right actions to improve performance. John will discuss this in more detail shortly. In Latin America, internal operating profit increased by 11% in the first quarter, driven by a strong 7% sales growth, supported by double-digit increases in brand building. The business continues to benefit from both good innovation and effective commercial programs. And finally, internal operating profit in Asia Pacific decreased by 1% due to some weakness in Australia and a customer dispute in the region.  Now, let's turn to Slide 11 and cash flow. Cash flow for the quarter was $277 million, ahead of last year's $207 million. Working capital was a little higher than we would like, given the sales weakness in the quarter. This will be an area of focus for us over the balance of the year, as we plan to reduce inventory by lowering production in our plants. Timing of capital spending contributed favorably to our cash flow performance, although we still expect to invest at a rate of 4% to 5% of sales for the year. And we purchased approximately $63 million in shares early in the quarter. Obviously, we still plan to significantly reduce the level of our share repurchases for the year, in order to pay down debt associated with the Pringles acquisition.  Slide 12 details our full year guidance for 2012. To be clear, internal sales and internal operating profit exclude the impact of Pringles, but our earnings per share guidance includes Pringles-related accretion and onetime costs, as well as the impact of our reduced share repurchase program. We have adjusted our expectations for internal net sales growth to a range between 2% and 3%, and we expect volume to be down for the year, softer than we originally planned. The change in guidance is due mainly to the weakness we have seen in Europe and category softness in the U.S. We expect that gross margin for the year will be down approximately 50 to 100 basis points, and we also continue to anticipate around 7% COGS inflation, driven by commodity inflation, part of which will be offset by supply chain productivity savings. In fact, we continue to expect savings from productivity to be slightly above 3%, consistent with our long-term targets. We now anticipate that internal operating profit will be lower by 2% to 4% for the full year. Although we will invest in brand building in 2012, as I mentioned earlier, we brought our expectation for investment in brand building in Europe down from our original estimate. We've also reduced our overhead costs across the businesses and anticipate that these actions will help offset some of the impact of lower sales growth. We expect that interest expense will be slightly favorable in 2012, including the cost associated with Pringles debt, partially offset by the benefit from the interest rate hedges. We continue to expect that the full year tax rate will be approximately 30%. As you can see, we've also adjusted our guidance for reported earnings per share. Specifically, we now expect reported EPS will fall into a range between $3.18 and $3.30 per share. The impact of currency is included as a headwind of approximately $0.04, unchanged from the estimate we provided last quarter.  You'll remember that we provided an earnings per share walk in our CAGNY presentation, and while some of the puts and takes in the walk related to the Pringles acquisition might change over the course of the year, our best estimate at the moment is that things haven't changed meaningfully, except for the gain on interest rate hedges. As John said earlier, we've done a lot of work on the integration planning and we'll let you know on future calls when we alter our estimates. We continue to expect that full year cash flow will be $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, including the revised earnings guidance and the benefit of the pending acquisition of Pringles. Capital spending is still expected to be between 4% and 5% of sales. And as we told you when we announced the acquisition of Pringles, we expect to reduce our share repurchases significantly to allow us to pay down debt associated with the acquisition.  Finally, we expect sales growth to improve in the second quarter, but operating profit may decline more than it did in the first quarter due to commodity inflation, timing of supply chain investments and reduced operating leverage as we reduce our inventory levels. Both sales and profit should improve in the second half as commodity inflation subsides and we lap the increase in our back half supply chain investments in 2011. And now let me turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Slide 13 shows the internal revenue growth for Kellogg North America and Kellogg International in the first quarter. Revenue growth in Kellogg North America was 2%. Kellogg International posted 4% lower sales in the quarter, primarily as a result of the weak results in Europe.  Now, let's turn to Slide 14 and some details on our U.S. business by segment. As we highlighted in last year's 10-K, we're now providing this additional data, which will give you more insight into the business. As you all saw in the measured channel data, a majority of the U.S. food industry faced weak volume performance in the first quarter. While not all of our businesses were affected, some were, as you can see on the chart.  Slide 15 shows the performance of our U.S. Morning Foods and Kashi segment. You'll remember that we mentioned last quarter that we thought the cereal category would remain challenging throughout 2012, and that was the case in the first quarter. The segment's internal net sales declined by 1.7%, due mainly to the weak category volume performance in the U.S. In fact, measured channel data shows cereal category volume down approximately 7% in the quarter, which is a significant hurdle. Total category sales were flat to up slightly in all channels in Q1, and we lost a little share after gaining an equivalent amount in 2011. So the category's relatively unchanged, as is our share over the last couple of years. Importantly, we expect that consumers will better accept recent price increases over the next few months. However, it's also important to note that our all-channel performance improved progressively as we moved through the quarter. Just as sales performance develops during the quarter, we're expecting gradually increasing growth in the business throughout the remainder of the year, given the actions we are taking and the programs and introductions we have planned. Froot Loops and Frosted Flakes posted good results in the quarter as a result of strong support, and Krave, an innovation which was launched in the U.S. at the end of last year, is doing very well. In fact, in the latest measured channel data, Krave is up to a 1 share. Our Kashi business had a good quarter and gained share in both cereal and wholesome snacks. Our GOLEAN Crisp! crumble cereal innovation exceeded expectations and the Bear Naked brand also helped drive the share performance. In fact, Kashi cereal sales increased at a mid-single-digit rate and Bear Naked cereal sales grew at a double-digit rate. So while the business had a good quarter, we expect continued growth in the balance of the year and have additional innovation planned to help us achieve these goals.  Slide 16 shows the performance of our U.S. Snacks business in recent quarters. In Q1, we saw a solid 2.3% growth due to excellent results in both the crackers and cookies businesses. The cracker category increased by more than 3% in measured channels in the quarter and we gained share, driven by good growth in Special K Cracker Chips and Cheez-It. Cheez-It did well and was up high single digit in growth, partially as a result of the introduction of a new mozzarella flavor and the popular vote for the top cheese program, which allowed consumers to vote for their favorite flavor in an election year campaign. Special K Cracker Chips continue to be a huge success and the 2 newest flavors, Southwestern (sic) [Southwest] Ranch and Cheddar, are doing well, as are the existing flavors. In cookies, we saw a measured channel category growth of almost 5%. We saw a 4% growth in our Keebler brand sales, a focus for us over the last year.  In our wholesome snack business, consumption declined at a mid-single-digit rate, partially as a result of the timing of innovation. However, we have some great products planned for introduction in the second half, including 2 SKUs of FiberPlus nutty delights and 2 new flavors of Special K Pastry Crisps, brown sugar cinnamon and chocolate. In addition, we've got news on Rice Krispies Treats and a new campaign on Nutri-Grain.  As you can see on Slide 17, the U.S. Specialty segment had a very good quarter as a result of increased focus, innovation and improved execution. We gained share in the Foodservice channel, the largest in the segment, and in the convenience channel as well. And we increased our sales to all of our key customers, some at a double-digit rate. The segment's growth was driven by good innovation from Eggo, Special K Cracker Chips and strong growth from Morningstar Farms and Gardenburger in our frozen veggie business in Foodservice. And we also saw a growing revenue in snacking across the Specialty Channel, driven by Cheez-It and Rice Krispies Treats.  Now, let's turn to Slide 18 and the North America Other segment. This segment includes our Canadian business and our frozen foods business. Sales in the Canadian business decreased in the first quarter, due mainly to difficult comparisons from 2011, given the timing of a cereal price increase last year. However, both the frozen and snack businesses gained share and we launched Special K Cracker Chips during the quarter. It's early for Special K Cracker Chips, shaping up to be a great launch in Canada. The frozen foods business had another great quarter, posting double-digit sales growth. We continue to gain share in the frozen breakfast category. In fact, sales increased in all of our frozen categories. Our Eggo Wafflers innovation has done well since its introduction in January, and sales of our Thick & Fluffy waffles continue to grow and the new pack sizes are being very well-received by consumers. Finally, from Morningstar Farms brand, new veggie hotdogs and veggie meatballs also exceeded our initial expectations in the retail channel.  Now, let's turn to Slide 19 and a discussion of Kellogg International. As we have mentioned a few times already, and as you can see, the performance posted by our European business in the quarter was disappointing. You all know that this business has been challenging for some time. The weakness was due to a combination of the difficult economic environment in the region and some issues specific to Kellogg. While we're not pleased with the sales performance in the quarter, some of the issues are short term and we expect that we have seen the worst of the declines. About half of the quarter's decline came from lower consumption due to elasticity. The other half came from the timing of events and customer disputes on the continent. These disputes are now behind us, but the impact was meaningful. There have also been some operational issues, which we've worked hard to resolve. We expect Q2 sales to be down as the price settles in with consumers, and we expect that Q2's profit will decline at a rate similar to Q1's decline, reflecting absorption and inflation. However, we do have some great products planned for introduction, including All-Bran Golden Crunch, Special K chocolate and strawberry cereals on the continent, as well as Crunchy Nut cranberry and almond in cereal and Nutri-Grain breakfast biscuits, and Special K biscuit moments in snacks in the U.K.  And finally, we made significant changes to management in Europe. We have a new lead in the U.K. Many of you know Paul Norman, the President of Kellogg International. Paul is now the acting head of the European business, devoting all his time to the business, and he's working hard to improve the quality of our commercial plants. The Latin American and Asia Pacific businesses are both reporting directly to me until things begin to improve in Europe. We all recognize that it will take some time to implement meaningful changes but we know that in Paul's capable hands, the situation will improve.  Our Asia Pacific business posted a sales growth of 2% in the quarter. The Australian business posted a low single-digit decrease in internal sales. Most of the other areas in the region posted sales growth. The Australian market continues to be difficult, as both the cereal and snacks categories posted declines. However, we did launch Be Natural and All-Bran innovations in the first quarter, both of which have exceeded our expectations. And we have more innovation and additional commercial programs planned for the second half, that we expect to drive improved sales growth. Elsewhere in the region, we saw very good rates of growth in South Korea, Southeast Asia and India. We faced a customer issue in the region, which is now behind us. We launched some good innovation in the first quarter, including Nutri-Grain cereal. We've also just launched Corn Flakes hot porridge, which provides us with an entry into a segment that is already popular in South Africa.  Our Latin American business posted 7% sales growth. We benefited from a successful Star Wars promotion and excellent innovation, including Special K Fruit and Yogurt. We also successfully relaunched All-Bran in Mexico with a simplified portfolio. And we have more All-Bran and Special K innovation planned for introduction around midyear. As a result of this activity, we expect continued strong performance from the region over the balance of the year.  Now, let's turn to Slide 20 and the summary. Obviously, we're unhappy with the results we posted in the first quarter and we never want to lower guidance, but we need to run the business for the long term. While we do expect gradual improvement in our performance as the year progresses, we want to have the flexibility to make continued investment in future growth. Our revised guidance enables us to invest in the long-term health of the business. Brand building and innovation are the core of our operating principles, and we realize that periods of weak demand are the ones that provide us the greatest opportunity to increase our efforts. We are committed to our long-term model and the principles that built the company, and that's why we're so excited about the acquisition of Pringles. Pringles is a brand in which we can invest, and the combination gives us added confidence that we'll meet our long-term goals. I'm excited by the opportunities available to this great company and know we're doing the right things to strengthen our base, increase our potential and drive growth in the years to come. I'd like to take the opportunity also to thank the dedication of our 30,000 Kellogg employees globally. Their hard work can clearly make the difference for our company. With that, I'd like to open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first questioner in queue is Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask of -- actually, I guess a two-pronged question. Firstly, around the change in segmentation in the U.S., what was the thinking behind that? Because obviously, you've stuck with the same segmentation for, I guess, quite a long time now. And then specifically within the U.S. cereal business, what do you -- can you break out what the internal growth was there in terms of volume and pricing, and what you're seeing in terms of category growth and share trends there?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Let me take the first part of that, Alexia. Our intent in providing the additional segmentation in North America is to provide information on how we view the business and how we manage the performance of the business as well. So we've broken out the North America position as a result of that.
John A. Bryant: Alexia, if you look within the cereal category, we have, within measured data, around a 6%, 7% decline in Kellogg volume in the first quarter. So as you expect, that's coming through quite strongly in our reported results as well. In terms of the share progression, what we've seen in cereal in the first quarter is we lost about 30 basis points of share -- of value share in the measured channels, and we estimate that's probably close to the 50 basis points when you look at all channels, so including the non-measured channels, which was similar to the amount of share that we gained last year. So our share is essentially flat if you go back 2 years. I think we are seeing better performance in the non-measured channels compared to the measured channels, and we do believe that there is some shifting going on between those channels. So our volume is down in the Morning Foods and Kashi segment, and it's down sort of similar levels to what you see in the measured channel data, or they're slightly better than them.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Do you have a view as to what's driving that cereal weakness in terms of volumes in the U.S.?
John A. Bryant: I think we're seeing a higher level of elasticity to pricing than we expected to see in the U.S. It's higher than we saw in the first quarter of last year, and we're seeing a similar dynamic in the U.K. In terms of our business, our business declined in the first period in line with our expectations. But that elasticity has been in the marketplace for longer and at a greater rate over the quarter than we anticipated.
Operator: The next questioner in queue is David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: John, I wanted to ask you about the Europe and the U.K. You obviously mentioned that, that has been a bit of a problem area for a while. I wanted to get from you perhaps a rough breakdown of the deterioration that you saw in the quarter. How much of it was the customer-specific issue you mentioned, the operational issue you mentioned? And maybe you can elaborate on what that was. And then how much of it, of course, is a macro deterioration that we, as analysts, should be paying attention to, not just for you but for the group?
John A. Bryant: It's a great question, David. When we look at Europe, clearly it's a very difficult economic environment. That's playing a little bit into our results but I think the real issue here is Kellogg-specific. We've got some issues in our business, which is -- the good news is we have the ability to fix that and get back on track in Europe. If we look in the first quarter, our sales are down around 10%. About half of that is due to consumption. Some combination within that half is due to the customer disputes, as well as higher-than-expected elasticity. And then the other half of the decline in net sales in Europe in the first quarter was due to the customer disputes impacting trade inventory levels and the timing of events. For example, our innovation on the continent was pushed from the first quarter to the second quarter because of some of those customer disputes. As I look at the U.K., most of our issues in the U.K. come down to 2 core brands: Special K and Crunchy Nut. On both of those brands, we have new campaigns coming out in the middle of the year and new innovation on both brands as well. So I believe we are taking the right steps to improve the performance in the U.K. I believe that's in our control to do that. On the continent, we actually saw, if you go back to 2011, better results in the first half of the year and then the continent was starting to soften in the back half of last year, and that softness is continuing into the front half of this year. I'm a little concerned there that the economic environment is weighing a little bit more on our business. The opportunity on the continent is really around Special K again, and we have a very exciting program in the back half of the year on that particular brand. So I feel good that we're making the right decisions in Europe and making progress.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: One separate one. I think Ron mentioned the brand-building investments are going to be down in Europe this year. Is that perhaps saving your powder for the Pringles business on-boarding and an increase that could happen in 2013? I mean -- well, perhaps you could elaborate on that a little bit.
Ronald L. Dissinger: We've been disappointed on the return on the investment of our European brand-building, so we have pulled back a little bit here in the first half because we didn't feel like the programs were strong enough. The back half program is still largely intact and we have some exciting ideas to put that money behind. If you look at Europe in totality, we actually spent a little bit more on brand building in Europe than we do as a company average. So I still think we have plenty of money available and investment available to drive the business. I think the key to us driving our European business in the future is to ramp up the rate of innovation. If I go back to 2010, we only launched about $40 million of new sales from innovation. 2011, $60 million. 2012, we have a stretch goal to launch $100 million of new products from innovation that are coming here later in the year.
Operator: The next questioner in queue is Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John, in the 10-K, as you noted, you started to break out some of the individual components of North America. And my question, I guess, is on the margin in the U.S. Morning Foods segment. It was about 20% a few years back and has moved lower every year, and I guess now is more in the 16%, 17% range. I understand the higher input cost environment and I think you mentioned some of the timing of supply chain investments, but I guess I was hoping you can provide a bit more color on this. I guess that level just strikes me as low, given my perception of the healthy sort of profitability of cereal for you and as a category, which is obviously such a key part of this segment. And I guess as part of that, do you see this more recent level as more representative of a -- sort of a structural level? Or should 20% be achievable again here in the not-too-distant future?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Andrew, if you look at our 10-K, our margin on morning foods and Kashi, that segment we disclosed, was around 18%. I think it's important to note that, that segment wears the brand-building investment for all of the product lines it houses. So cereal, Pop-Tarts. It has about a 2 to 3 point drag on operating margin. So clearly, the underlying margin is a bit stronger than what you see in the 10-K. We feel very good about the margin in our morning foods and Kashi operating segment. There are no structural reasons why we can't continue to work and improve that margin.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Do you think it kind of gets allocated a disproportionate amount of sort of the...
Ronald L. Dissinger: Brand building, yes.
John A. Bryant: Andrew, it keeps all the brand building in the U.S. business for those cereal brands, even though some of the sales might occur in other businesses such as specialty and even snacks to a degree that it leverages the Special K brand. To your point of the margin, we believe that we can improve the margins in morning foods, Kashi over time. That is more of a "low-single-digit sales growth"-type business and that obviously, we'd hope to drive that profitability faster in that segment.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Okay. That's very helpful. I appreciate it. And then just one quick one on pricing. I guess I had modeled for whatever reason, although I thought pricing overall at the corporate level would be maybe something similar to what you saw in the fourth quarter or a bit higher. And it came down sequentially. So I didn't know if there was some change to what you were doing from a pricing standpoint or if it's just simply starting to lap some of the pricing from last year. I'm trying to get a better handle on that and how that moves going forward.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, we'd be lapping a bit of the pricing given the timing of our price execution in 2011, Andrew. So there's nothing that we've done that would structurally impact that pricing. We obviously took pricing before we entered the year in that business.
Operator: The next questioner in queue is Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess I have 2 questions. One is getting back to the U.K. and EU problems. I think in past quarters, you've mentioned the competitive challenges in snacks with General Mills and Nature Valley, and Kraft with their Belvita product. Yet you didn't say anything about that. Can you talk about the competitive landscape? And why isn't that factoring into the weakness?
John A. Bryant: Eric, on snacks, you're right. There have been 2 new entrants into the snacks category, both General Mills and Kraft. That has adversely impacted our business. It is down in the first quarter. It's not a huge driver of the European decline. I think our issues in Europe are more cereal-based in the first quarter, but snacks continues to be an area of opportunity for us and we have strong innovation coming out the back half of the year.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and then I guess as a -- the follow-up would be on, what should give investors confidence and shareholders confidence that the company, with a number of challenges, seemingly kind of whipsawing things from quarter-to-quarter -- why should we have confidence, John, that Pringles is going to go kind of as planned? I mean, I realize Australia has been an area of retailer disputes, but I don't remember hearing from other companies that they've had retailer disputes in the -- in Europe. And yet, you're about to acquire a business that's got a significant portion of business around the world. Why should we have confidence that this is going to go okay?
John A. Bryant: All right, let me talk about Pringles. And we remain very excited about Pringles. We think it gives us a great new platform for growth. It helps us with our international scale in several markets. And we believe it really helps us unlock the snack opportunity in International that the company has managed to achieve in the U.S. So we think Pringles is a great opportunity. We have a set of integration teams working between P&G and Kellogg to bring Pringles on board. There's a tremendous set of individuals coming with that business that we think will help us as a company going forward. And the plans that those -- that the Pringles team has are exciting for the next couple of years. So we think there's tremendous opportunity. Obviously, with any integration, particularly a carve-out, it's a complex process because we have to take it from being supported by P&G's IT systems and support functions to Kellogg. That's why we have teams working on this and we're spending a lot of time and effort making sure this goes seamlessly. On the broader issues, Eric, I recognize that there's been more volatility in the last year or 2 in our business. I think that reflects what has happened to us over a longer period of time. So if you go back to 2001 through 2009, the company had tremendous momentum. Our sustainable growth model was working. We were reinvesting back in the business, growing our front foot. And bad things were happening to us. We were able to resolve them and just keep moving. 2010, '11, we had the supply chain issues in our business. We invested back a significant amount of money, capital, time, operating expense, resources and that took away our momentum as a company. We're working to rebuild the momentum. We saw some good top line momentum in 2011. We're off to a disappointing start in 2012. I believe the first quarter is more of an anomaly, but we're providing pragmatic guidance for the year of 2% to 3% top line growth, and I believe we're making the right decisions for the long term to get ourselves back on track.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If I could just follow-up on that, so what should we read into these retailer disputes? I mean, is it the retailer power in kicking you while you're down? Like, are they taking the opportunity to pick a company that's lost its momentum and trying to gain things? Or because again, I don't remember hearing from other companies so many retailer disputes.
John A. Bryant: Eric, I think that taking pricing in continental Europe is probably the most difficult part of the world to take pricing in. In a commodity-inflationary environment, we need to take that pricing to protect the long-term economics of our business. And that can be -- that can lead to very difficult discussions, loss of promotional activity. And it is the nature of the business. It's hard to predict when or how long those things will occur. It happened to us here in the first quarter of this year.
Operator: Next questioner in queue is Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about the decision to lower production in your plants, I think that's what you said, in order to reduce inventory? I understand the move, but how should we think about and perhaps model the impact on your fixed cost leverage from this decision?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, it's -- you can expect over the next couple of quarters that we'll see some adverse impact flowing through our cost of goods sold as a result. So when we came to the first quarter, as a result of sales being a bit softer than expected, we ended up with higher inventory levels, as I said. So over the next couple of quarters, we'll see an adverse impact from reduced operating leverage by pulling production levels down and pulling our inventories down.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's helpful. Is there any way for us to kind of quantify that? Or is it too early to tell?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, too early to -- I wouldn't say too early necessarily, but to quantify it, I believe, would not be appropriate at this point in time.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and then one other question, but this will be -- you're not the only company, but this will be the sixth year out of 7 that your gross margins are supposed to go down. I appreciate we're in a very difficult long-term cost environment, but how should you and how should we think about your gross margin long-term going forward, right? Is there an opportunity for Kellogg to start growing this line again if inflation flattens out? Or is there something more structural that I guess will lead to some softness, maybe some declines going forward, again on a long-term basis, even if commodities become less volatile? And I'm thinking excluding Pringles here. I know that throws a wrench in the machine a little bit.
John A. Bryant: Ken, I think there's no structural reason why we can't grow our gross margin. So we can absolutely grow our gross margin in the future. Our long-term metrics are for sales growth of around 3% to 4%. We think we can grow gross profit dollars faster than that. That means you're going to get gross margin expansion, and then we put back in the brand-building investment and drive mid-single-digit operating profit growth. So structurally, we can do it. We have struggled in the last few years with hyper-commodity inflationary environment and with having to invest back in our supply chain. But we did this for many years across the 2000s and we believe with the right economic environment, we can do it again.
Operator: The next questioner in queue is David Driscoll with Citi Investment.
Cornell Burnette: This is Cornell Burnette on the line with a question for David. I just wanted to focus back on Europe here, and it seems that many of the issues that really negatively impacted the first quarter look like they're set to abate, at least when we get to the second half of the year. In other words, I think you'll be lapping a lot of the pricing that you took last year. You should have easier comps, as you mentioned, on the continent and then overall, you seem to have much more of your innovation weighted towards the second half. So with that in mind, is it possible that second half volumes in Europe can stabilize? Or are there still some issues that may prevent you from doing that?
John A. Bryant: I'd rather not get into volume projections at a segment level, but I think your basic thesis is right. I think we're going to have -- continue to have some pressure in Q2, for it takes time to turn these businesses around. But we do expect better performance in the back half. And I think to say we could stabilize Europe in the back half, that would certainly be our goal.
Operator: Next questioner in queue is Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to dig in a little more -- the exact way about how costs are going to flow through this year. Because clearly, it seems to me that spot costs have fallen fairly precipitously and you're just reporting your quarter here where gross profits are sort of flat on what looks like 4.4% pricing. So I know we're lapping a little bit of pricing and I know you certainly want to -- have some investment needs, but can you just walk us through how you're going to time investment needs with what presumably has to be a pretty big impact, if we're even able to hold flat pricing out from these cost declines, versus where they're coming through on the income statement right now?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Jonathan. Well, let me take the cost piece first. So we've talked about cost inflation of approximately 7%. And we're seeing probably 0.5 points to 1 point more in the front half of the year and 0.5 points to a 1 point less in the back half of the year. So we are seeing more commodity inflation in the front half and that's because of the positions that we take over the course of a year related to commodity hedging. In terms of our investment structure, I suspect you're referring to brand-building investment. You'll see that start to ramp up a little bit in the second quarter, but more towards the back end -- back half of the year.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, and maybe if I could get just one follow-up, Ron. So you're talking, say, 0.5% down from there. So let's call it 5 -- plus 5% year-over-year expected cost. I mean, how far do you guys usually hedge out? Because if I look at corn or wheat or any of the big inputs, and maybe something you're buying that I don't know about, but it seems to me like it indicates they're all down pretty measurably on a year-over-year basis. At some point, that would have to flow through even this year, and -- unless it's your practice to hedge out 12 months or more.
Ronald L. Dissinger: We hedge out generally not more than 12 months. So it really is more a factor of lapping our positions that we took for the front half of 2011, Jonathan.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Oh, I see. So you hedged advantageously last...
Ronald L. Dissinger: That's correct.
Operator: The next questioner in queue is Scott Mushkin with Jefferies & Company.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to go back to a couple of questions before, take a step kind of off, I guess, to like almost 30,000 feet. Just, if I looked at the industry views, and it's not just Kellogg, that volumes pretty much have been declining for a while now, kind of coincidental with the financial crisis, but almost like you're -- do you think your consumer is changing? And kind of the traditional playbook that's behind these brands, innovate and things will be okay -- do you think the playbook is a little bit changing and we need to do something a little bit more radical to follow our consumer? I'd like your take on that, please.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think there's a couple of things that have been weighing on our volume over the last few years. One is high level of commodity inflation, which has required an abnormally high level of inflation -- of pricing, I should say. And that's, obviously, adversely impacted us from a volume perspective. In addition, if you go back to 2009, 2010, we had meaningfully lower innovation levels as a company, which are going to start to ramp up in 2011 and 2012. That's also weighed on our volume performance as well. I believe if you go forward here, at the end of the day, if you provide great products to consumers, you engage them through outstanding advertising, you'll absolutely bring those consumers into your portfolio and we can drive volume growth as a company. If we can get to a normal inflationary cycle, so we're taking a normal level of pricing, I believe we can generate that 3% to 4% sales growth from a combination of volume, price and mix. I recognize the volume performance has been below where we want it to be for the last few years. I don't believe there's a change in the structural nature of the business or a change in fundamental consumer behavior. I think it just reflects the dynamic that we've been going through over the last 3 or 4 years.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I appreciate that. I mean, one observation I'd make is some places in the consumer [indiscernible] vertical including home vertical, where actually it's growing pretty rapidly, including volume. Second question, I just want to make sure I understood what's going on in North America specifically. Did you say it was the cadence in the quarter on the volume was improving? Or was it -- or wasn't, and I wasn't sure I caught that. My [indiscernible] breaking up at that point. That's my last questions.
John A. Bryant: Maybe the -- you can see within the measured channel data that the volume consumption on our business was improving as we went through the first quarter. So I think talking about that one segment specifically, our volume was doing well. I think we are generally seeing the volume trends improving in the business as we go through the year.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So you see that happening through the year and it -- in the measured channel, it happened overall in the business as it happened. And then the second question would be, what's the degree here? Are we really ramping up? And could we break even? Or is that just not going to happen?
John A. Bryant: I think if you look at our full year guidance this year, we have around 2% to 3% sales growth, which implies volume is going to be down 1% or 2% on the year. So we're not expecting volume to bounce back, but nor are we expecting 3% to 4% volume declines for the year.
Operator: The next questioner in queue is Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I want to ask you, John, in relation to some of the volume weakness that you're seeing, and I just obviously heard your answer and your discussion on the call about improving through the year and maybe some elasticity, but is there a need in the short run to be a little more promotional in certain businesses, be it in the U.S. or I guess, to a larger degree in Europe, to try and stabilize volume versus pricing to get that piece of business improved?
John A. Bryant: Chris, we have looked at the performance of our first quarter business and have looked at where we've had some more price elasticity than we expected, and we've tweaked our plans as you'd expect us to do. I don't think that's going to substantially change our price realization as a company. I think it's just us reacting to the environment in which we're operating and ensuring that the right pressure against the brands that are suffering a little bit more.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then just a bit of a follow-on to an earlier question. I guess, if -- from the comments you've made on the call today, I don't think I'm still clear on where you have to invest. Obviously, Europe and the U.S., but it sounds like in Europe, you're actually not getting the return on the investment dollar. So am I just misunderstanding the way you're looking at that? But how is the investment -- where is the investment going this year, I guess, to benefit your revenue growth?
John A. Bryant: Our intention is to grow brand building at or above the rate of sales growth. So it is some investment, but I wouldn't suggest that it's a massive level of investment. That investment can go into a number of places. We're very excited about our growth potential in Latin America, in Asia, expanding out some of the emerging market businesses. So I'm not sure you should look to -- for us to invest behind where we might be having some issues, so much as invest behind where we think our future growth can come from.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, do you still have that new product goal of around $900 million? Is that still a good number to use for new product opportunities this year?
John A. Bryant: We are still tracking to $900 million of launches this year.
Operator: The next questioner in queue is Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I just have 2 quick questions. Are you -- I guess the first question is, could you provide or will you provide and do you expect to provide in the future just the volume price breakout that you've always done per geography segment? Or is that -- should we not expect that going forward?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, we will make commentary within our Q when it comes out on the drivers of sales performance, Rob. So take a look at the Q and that should provide you with more information.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, perfect. And then the other more housekeeping question was just on -- I didn't hear anyone mention this, I don't think. It was just the -- it looked like it was about a $40-million benefit in net expense, the other income and interest expense year-over-year, which winds up being about $0.08 or so, $0.08 or $0.09. And I didn't -- I don't think you talked about it in the prepared remarks. So could you just add a little color, unless I've completely missed something, as to why there is a $13-million benefit in other income?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Be happy to. First of all, and probably the most significant item, is we get about $0.05 of benefit associated with interest rate hedges we placed in association with the Pringles debt that we intend to take. So that's the biggest factor. We did have some other discrete benefits in the first quarter, as well, in other income and expense. It's important to note also though that if you look at tax, for example, we're lapping some discrete benefits in tax for the first quarter. So if I look at other income, expense and tax, wrap all those together, we're relatively neutral. The $0.05 of benefit from the interest rate hedges is really the key benefit below the line.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, so then all of that $0.05 is below the line. There's nothing that would be inclusive within COGS, that I should...
Ronald L. Dissinger: That is correct. Yes.
Operator: The next questioner in queue is Rob Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about the health of the Kashi brand? I just noticed that in your innovation, I haven't seen much, at least on the grain snacks or cereal side. You're doing more in frozen. But this used to be a real growth driver of the company. Has that leveled off? And then maybe talk about Special K also. Is that making up for some of the difference?
John A. Bryant: Kashi, as we discussed before, had a difficult time during the deep element of the recession. The good news is in the first quarter, we actually saw very good growth from Kashi. It was up mid-single-digits and Bear Naked was up double digits. So the whole natural adult-oriented cereal segment, we think, is well positioned for long-term growth and we're excited about that business. There is some new innovation there on cereal and on wholesome snacks, and we believe we can continue to grow that business over time. So we feel good there. On Special K, I think one element of our weakness in the first quarter was actually Special K. We had a very good New Year's resolution program as a company. However, within that New Year's resolution event, we did a multi-category event. We saw a very good lift on Special K Cracker Chips and so on, but we didn't feature cereal quite essentially in that program this year as we have in the past. And so our Special K cereal didn't do quite as well. And so that did weigh a little bit on our first quarter results.
Operator: Our final question for today will be Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So if we assume that the revised guidance entails -- potentially entails a change or a haircut to what you may have initially planned for incentive compensation for 2012, how should we think about the risk that if the business then performs to plan in 2013, this could create a headwind similar to, but maybe not at the same magnitude of what you faced in 2011?
John A. Bryant: Yes, that's a great question, Matthew. We have a pay-for-performance culture as a company. And clearly, my bonus is not looking that good for 2012. Having said that, a large number of businesses are doing quite well: Latin America, Asia, frozen, specialty, Kashi, elements of the snack business. So we're not expecting anything like the 2010, 2011 dynamic, where the bonus program was cut in 2010 and caused an issue for 2011. So nothing like that is expected for this year, next year.
Operator: And again, that does conclude our time for questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Simon Burton: Okay, everybody, thanks very much for joining us. We'll be available, obviously, throughout the rest of the day and the days to come. We look forward to talking to you then. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. Attendees, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Simon Burton - Executive Officer of Snacks business unit John A. Bryant - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Simon Burton, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Burton, you may begin your conference.
Simon Burton: Thank you, Tyrone. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our full year and fourth quarter 2011 results. I'm joined by John Bryant, our President and CEO; and Ron Dissinger, our Chief Financial Officer. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, February 6. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for 90 days. Now I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thank you, Simon. The fourth quarter was a strong finish to a difficult year. We delivered continued strong top line growth in the quarter and the full year. In fact, fourth quarter growth was 6% and we ended the year with full year growth of 4.5%, above our long-term targets and in line with guidance. And the growth was broad-based across most geographies and categories. In addition, our categories continue to perform well and we gained share in many of them around the world. However, the results below net sales, while in line with recent guidance, were below our initial expectations and our long-term targets. As you all know, we increased the scope of our existing supply chain investment in the third quarter. This had a significant impact on the fourth quarter and full year results as expected. In addition, increased investment and reinstated incentive compensation costs also had an impact on full year results.  We view 2011 and 2012 as transition years, given investment in our supply chain and incremental support of our brands in 2012. While we don't want to be in the position of lowering guidance, we recognized during the year that we had issues in our supply chain that needed to be addressed and we know that addressing those issues as quickly as we can is the right thing to do. We look forward to 2012 and beyond with optimism as we continue this investment, make significant additional investments in future growth and focus on the long-term drivers of our sustainable growth operating principle.  Now let's turn to Slide 4, which details these drivers. Our sustainable growth operating principle, the actions we took in 2011 and the things we are doing in 2012 are all designed to get us back on the path to sustainable growth. This is a familiar slide to many, but not all of you. As you can see, on an ongoing basis, we constantly focus on the consumer and the strength of our brands. And as we said on the third quarter conference call, we expect an increase in the investment we will make in brand building in 2012 and we expect significant sales from innovation during the year. That's on top of posting approximately $800 million in incremental sales from innovation in 2011. In addition, we have a disciplined approach to overhead and have done a good job with this over the years, and 2012 will be no exception. Innovation, building on a foundation of consistent brand building will help improve price and mix, which has an impact on sales and should increase gross profit dollars, and in a year of normalized inflation, should also increase gross profit margin. While gross margin in 2012 is likely to be down slightly because of our expectations for another year of unusually high inflation, we believe that this sustainable growth model is the right way to run our business over the long term and we recognize that we have to invest this year to help next year and beyond.  And now I'll turn it over to Ron for a review of our financial performance.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. If you'll turn to Slide 5, you'll see, as John mentioned, that we delivered strong internal top line growth of 6% in the fourth quarter and 4.5% for the full year. Both results are above our long-term targets and we're pleased with the company's continued top line momentum. Internal operating profit growth was 20.5% in the fourth quarter, driven primarily by our sales growth. For the full year, internal operating profit declined by 2.9%. These results were in line with our guidance. As we said on our third quarter earnings call, full year operating profit was significantly impacted by our supply chain investments, commodity inflation and the reinstatement of our incentive compensation costs. In fact, for the full year, the incentive compensation costs lowered operating profit by approximately 5 points and the supply chain investments also impacted operating profit by a similar amount. So underlying operating profit growth would have been in line with our long-term targets without the impact of these discrete items and lapping the cereal recall from 2010. Both reported and currency neutral earnings per share increased by 25% in the fourth quarter. For the full year, reported earnings per share were up 2.4% and currency neutral earnings per share were flat, in line with our guidance.  Now let's turn to Slide 6 for a review of the components of revenue growth. Volume decreased slightly in the fourth quarter and was flat for the full year, in line with our expectations. We are happy with our net sales growth this year, including the very strong price mix growth of 6.6% in the fourth quarter and 4.5% for the full year. While pricing actions were the primary contributor to our growth, we also saw good mix improvement across our businesses. Currency translation benefited our full year results by 2 points but have reduced our sales growth by 6/10 of 1 point in the fourth quarter and we expect currency to be a headwind in 2012 as well. So we remain pleased of revenue growth for both the full year and the fourth quarter exceeded our long-term targets, and importantly, we expect continued strong growth in 2012.  Slide 7 details gross profit and gross margin results for the fourth quarter and full year 2011. Fourth quarter gross profit was $1.2 billion and internal growth was 4%. For the full year, gross profit was $5.4 billion and internal growth was 1%. Our gross margin declined by 70 basis points in the quarter to 40.9%. The supply chain investments had a considerable impact on our fourth quarter results, lowering gross margin by more than 100 basis points. On a full year basis, gross margin declined by 140 basis points to 41.3%, in line with previous guidance, with supply chain investments contributing more than half of the decline. These investments were primarily made across our U.S. network and included cost to add people back into our plants, increased logistics costs and reduced operating leverage caused by some production lines being down for refurbishment.  Now let's turn to Slide 8 and our brand building investment for the full year. As you can see, brand building investment was back end weighted in 2010 but was much more evenly distributed in 2011. This led to some unusual comparisons as we progressed through this year. For the full year, our brand building was essentially flat due to our decision to reduce investment across Europe. We make our investments where we see the greatest returns, and quite frankly, we didn't see the returns we wanted in Europe. What you can't see on this slide is the shift of our spending in recent years to digital media. This shift has allowed us to partially offset inflation and increase effectiveness at the same time. We've done a lot of work measuring the optimization of our mix and we'll continue to review our spending plans in 2012. We expect brand building to increase at a rate at least equal to sales growth in 2012, providing us with funds to support our innovation pipeline and exciting commercial ideas.  Slide 9 shows our advertising as a percentage of net sales versus the peer group. We have the highest investment rate in the peer group. While this was partially the result of the categories in which we compete, it is also due to our commitment to advertising and brand building as a whole. We're a branded food company and we recognize that having strong brands is essential to our success.  Slide 10 details internal operating profit performance for the company and each of the businesses for both the full year and the fourth quarter. Operating profit increased by 21% in the quarter but decreased 3% for the year, driven by supply chain investments, commodity costs and the reinstated incentive compensation costs. North America internal operating profit increased by 18% in the quarter, driven by very strong sales growth and the timing of brand building. Of course, our ongoing supply chain investments and reinstatement of incentive compensation had a negative effect on operating profit growth, resulting in a decline of 1% for the full year. Europe's internal operating profit declined by 11% in the fourth quarter, due in part to a decline in sales that resulted from the continued difficult operating environment in the region. While we saw some pricing and mix improvements in the region, they were not sufficient to cover commodity cost increases and volume declines. In Latin America, internal operating profit declined by 10% in the fourth quarter, largely as a result of significant double-digit increases in the level of brand building. We also increased brand building at a double-digit rate for the full year, driving sales growth of 10% and operating profit growth of 9%. So a great achievement by the team in Latin America. And internal operating profit in Asia Pacific increased by 430%, due largely to last year's impairment of assets in China. Without this impact, operating profit would have increased by approximately 50%, driven by broad-based sales growth.  Now let's turn to Slide 11 and cash flow. Our full year cash flow was slightly more than $1 billion. Working capital was higher due to an increase in receivables. This increase resulted from strong sales in the quarter, driven by our innovation launches and Special K New Year's resolutions programs. Our inventories also increased year-over-year to support our new product introductions and maintain appropriate levels of service, while working on our supply chain infrastructure. Importantly though, year-end trade inventories were approximately unchanged from last year's level. Capital spending equaled 4.5% of net sales due to investment in our supply chain infrastructure and capacity requirements in certain markets. And for the full year, we've repurchased approximately $800 million in shares, which means we have approximately $650 million of our $2.5 billion 3-year program remaining.  Slide 12 shows the history of our improvement in core working capital over the years. We have gone from a high of almost 12% in 2000 to an industry-leading level of less than 7% today. We realize that core working capital has increased slightly over the past few years but we see this as an opportunity for future cash flow improvement in 2012 and future years. As I mentioned, 2011 was impacted by the timing of our Special K Resolution program and new product introductions.  Slide 13 details the cash we returned to shareholders over the last 5 years. As you can see, we've returned approximately $6 billion over that time and the amounts has been well-balanced over the period between both dividends and share repurchases. We also used our cash to maintain targeted levels of debt and to allow us to pursue complementary acquisitions. We remain committed to returning cash to shareholders and are pleased with our performance over the years.  Slide 14 shows the detailed full-year guidance that we always provide on fourth quarter conference calls. We are reaffirming the guidance that we provided last quarter. We expect continued strong revenue growth of between 4% and 5% in 2012. This growth will be the result of price realization and mix improvements driven by innovation and supported by increased investment in brand building. In fact, we continue to expect that annual brand building investment will increase at a rate equal to or greater than the strong rate of revenue growth. Gross margin will be down slightly. We anticipate around 7% cost of goods inflation, most of which will be driven by commodity and packaging inflation. We expect savings from productivity to be slightly above 3%, consistent with our long-term targets. We continue to expect that operating profit will be flat to up slightly for the full year. This is the result of our increased brand building investment and IT costs associated with the update of our SAP platform. We expect interest expense to be slightly favorable versus 2011 and the full year tax rate to be higher at approximately 30%. Currency neutral earnings per share are expected to increase between 2% and 4% or to a range between $3.45 and $3.52 per share. When we ran spot rates a couple of days ago, the analysis suggested that currencies will reduce earnings per share by approximately $0.04. Obviously, that estimate will change during the year and we will update you each quarter with our expectations. We anticipate that cash flow will be in a range between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion. Capital spending is expected to be between 4% and 5% of sales, above our long-term run rate of 3% to 4%. And we plan to finish the remaining $650 million of our current share repurchase program.  So all in all, 2012 will be a year where we continue to set the foundation for future growth to our sustainable growth operating principle. As John said, we remain committed to this principle and the generation of profitable sales growth and improving cash flow and return on invested capital over time. We're making good progress and we'll continue to drive improvement in 2012 and beyond. And while we don't normally provide quarterly guidance, I thought it would be important to remind you of a few items that will impact the first quarter. As you know, we increased the level of investment in our supply chain in Q3 of 2011 and that investment is continuing. Second, we had some discrete items that lowered our tax rate several points in the first quarter of 2011. And finally, the $0.04 of currency impact we expect this year primarily impacts the first half of the year. And with that, I'll turn it over to John for a review of the individual businesses.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. If you will turn to Slide 15, you'll see some of the recent innovation we've launched. As you know, every year, we launch a significant number of new products across both regions and categories. For example, this year, we have Morningstar Farms meal starters for people lowering their intake of meat. We have All-Bran breakfast biscuits in Europe and on-the-go breakfast for adults. And we have Kashi steamed meals, to name just a few. This isn't all of the innovation we have but it does give you an idea of the activity we've had and some of the exciting new products we've introduced.  Slide 16 shows a few highlights from the innovation that's been launched recently. The intention of this slide is to highlight some of the kinds of innovation we've targeted. For years, we have successfully transferred ideas from one region to another and we continue to focus on this. The slide shows just 2 recent examples: Mini Max, a version of the U.S.' small Mini-Wheats, which we recently launched in the U.K.; and Krave, a product launching in the U.S. and Mexico that's been very popular in Europe. And it's not just the food that travels. The positioning of Mini Max in the U.K. full and focused children is very similar to the U.S. positioning of Mini-Wheats. A new product for us, Special K Cracker Chips, has been very successful in its first year and we have 2 new flavors that have been introduced early in 2012. In fact, Cracker Chips is one of our most successful cracker innovations. We've gained share and sales have far exceeded our expectations. Gluten-free Rice Krispies is an example of innovations that addresses the trend toward gluten-free products. This was also something that we successfully focused on the past and finally, the Natural Food channel has posted strong growth over the years and our Kashi brand is well-positioned to capitalize on this. As a result, we have recently introduced a new version of GOLEAN Crisp! cereal and other products within this exciting category. And as we mentioned last quarter, we have a significant amount of innovation planed for 2012, which will build on the good year we had in 2011.  Slide 17 shows the top line results for Kellogg North America and Kellogg International over the last year. Both businesses posted strong revenue growth for the full year and in the fourth quarter. Kellogg North America posted 5% growth for the full year and 7% growth in the fourth quarter. Kellogg International posted 3% growth for the full year and 5% growth in the fourth quarter.  Now let's look at Slide 18 and some more detail regarding the North American business. The total North American business exceeded our long-term sales growth targets in 2011 and in the fourth quarter. And as you can see, each of the individual businesses met or exceeded these targets. Cereal, snacks and frozen and Specialty Channels all benefited from good innovation programs, which helped drive the sales growth. These results are further evidence of the continued underlying strength of our business.  Slide 19 details the performance of the North America Retail Cereal business. Fourth quarter growth was 1% and full year growth was 4%. In conjunction with this, we also gained category share in 2011 and you can see in measured channel data that we've done this while moving our focus away from promotional spending and while growing quality merchandising. Of course, we remain committed to investment in brand building. Innovation drives category growth and we significantly over-indexed in cereal innovation. New products contributed to the quarterly and full year growth, including Special K Oats & Honey, Crunchy Nut and Touch of Fruit Mini-Wheats. In addition, core products such as Frosted Flakes had a very good year as a result of effective brand building programs. We expect the cereal category to be more challenging in 2012. However, we do have a strong innovation program planned, which includes the introduction of Krave. And although it is early, initial indications are that Krave is off to a good start. We also have flavor extensions planned for 2 innovations from 2011: Crunchy Nut and Touch of Fruit Mini-Wheats. And we also have some packaging innovation underway and brand building programs planned to behind Frosted Flakes, Special K and Mini-Wheats.  Turning to Slide 20 and Retail Snacks, we closed the year with another quarter of excellent growth. In fact, the snacks business posted full year revenue growth of 5% and crackers, wholesome snacks and cookies all posted growth. The cracker business posted double-digit growth in the fourth quarter and high single-digit growth for the full year. And we gained share behind strength in Special K Cracker Chips and Cheez-It. As I mentioned earlier, Special K Cracker Chips had been one of our most successful new launches ever in this category and we're excited by the strong start to 2012, posted by both the existing flavors and the 2 new ones we've just introduced. In cookies, our focus on the Keebler brand is working. In fact, the brand had a very good quarter, posting strong sales growth and the category grew in both the quarter and the full year as well. And in the wholesome snacks category, growth was good and built on a double-digit comp last year. Growth in our business was driven by Special K bars, which posted good results in both the fourth quarter and for the full year. And FiberPlus continues to do well in its third year and the newest introduction, caramel coconut fudge, is already as large as each of the other 3 flavors. Finally, Pop-Tarts again grew share in 2011 behind new introductions, such as the popular Mini Crisps.  Now let's turn to Slide 21, which shows the performance of our frozen and Specialty Channels businesses. The business posted 10% growth for the full year and 14% sales growth in the fourth quarter, lapping 8% growth in the fourth quarter of 2010. Eggo posted category share gains in 2011 and the category itself continued to grow at mid-single-digit rates and we expect the frozen business to continue to grow faster than the company overall. We recently launched 6 new products including waffles, new large Eggo Thick & Fluffy, Simply Eggo and Eggo Protein Original Waffles. And we also have a strong brand building program planned for the first quarter. Morningstar Farms continued to increase its category share as well in 2011, and we have new brand building planned in innovation being launched in the first quarter. And we're also launching 4 SKUs of new Kashi Steamed Meals. These meals prepared in minutes, and provide the combination of taste and nutrition you'd expect from Kashi. And our Specialty Channels business posted strong double-digit growth in the fourth quarter and we increased sales in all of our major customers in 2011.  Slide 22 shows the performance of our international businesses for the quarter and the year. Total internal sales growth was 5% in the fourth quarter and 3% for the full year. Europe posted sales declines of 1% for the quarter and the year. The operating environment in Europe continues to be difficult as a result of economic conditions and competitive activity. In the U.K., our largest business in the region, we have seen high levels of competitive activity in a challenging retail environment. As we mentioned last quarter, we have too little innovation and support in the U.K. in recent months but we have recently launched All-Bran Golden Crunch, new flavors of Krave and Mini Max, as I mentioned earlier. We have a better pipeline of ideas and support planned for the U.K. in 2012, although we recognize that it will continue to be a difficult environment. The rest of Europe also reported mixed results in 2011, with France and Italy posting good growth and weaker results in some other markets. Sales growth was good in Russia, where we continue to transition from a non-branded to a branded product mix. We remain confident regarding the long-term prospects in Europe and we won't be happy until we return this business to its historical rates of growth. However, the entire regions is being affected by the current economic situation and although we have stronger plans for 2012, we expect the environment to remain challenging.  In Asia Pacific, net sales increased 8% in the fourth quarter and 4% for the full year. In Australia, we gained cereal category share in the fourth quarter and the customer issue we referenced last quarter has been resolved. In Asia, sales in the quarter increased at a high single-digit rate, driven by strong growth in India, South Africa and Korea. And we expect continued strong growth from this region in 2012. Our Latin American business grew by 10% in 2011 and closed the year with 15% internal sales growth in the fourth quarter. Investment in brand building increased at a double-digit rate in the fourth quarter, behind increased innovation activity and also increased at a double-digit rate for the full year. The business doubled its rate of innovation in 2011, including the introduction of Krave in Mexico in September, which has had early success and already has more than 1 point of category share. In addition, we relaunched the Special K brand across the region, which has also gone well. And we launched new versions of Rice Krispies, Choco Krispies, Froot Loops, Special K bars and All-Bran bars. While Latin America is always a volatile economic environment, we're confident in our growth plans for the region.  Now let's turn to Slide 23. We're running the business the right way for the long term. We continue to invest in our brands and bring exciting innovation to consumers. We have invested back in our supply chain to ensure that we have the right supply chain for today and the future. We remain committed to our proven operating principles and our strong businesses in good categories. And finally, we also remain committed to our long-term targets of 3% to 4% internal sales growth, 4% to 6% internal operating profit growth and 7% to 9% currency neutral earnings per share growth. I believe that we are doing the right things for the future of the company, things that are driving strong sales growth now and that will drive sustainable performance in the years to come. And with that, I'll open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to jump into the lower SG&A margin a bit. You cited lower brand building and that makes sense but wasn't this an issue last quarter too? So I'm curious what the other drivers were besides that and the lapping of the China impairments cost, of course, to the lower SG&A margin. If you could walk us through some of the magnitude there, it would be helpful and maybe address some of the sustainability of that margin has declined to.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Ken, it's Ron. Really the primary driver of the decline in SG&A margin is the strong sales growth that we had in the quarter. We did say that our brand building timed a bit differently over the course of 2012 versus 2011. Quite frankly, that was relatively small in the fourth quarter. We were down around $10 million on brand building, 30 basis points of that SG&A margin impact. So really, it's a function of a strong sales growth, Ken.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just as a quick follow-up, I mean, you had strong sales growth in the past and we haven't seen this kind of drop in SG&A. So was there something different maybe this quarter that would have driven it down? I understand that the higher sales and the higher volumes will, of course, benefit your fixed costs leverage but I was just a little surprised to see the magnitude there this time.
Ronald L. Dissinger: There isn't, Ken. I mean, it's really the strong sales growth. There are no other unusual or unique items. You mentioned the China impairment but frankly, our overhead's relatively consistent year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Mushkin of Jefferies.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to -- our first blush at this Nielsen data was pretty poor, at least in the measured channel as we look at it, just generally speaking, we haven't got into a lot of details. And I just want to understand what your thought process is. We've seen some comments from other people about a lot of channel shifting but it seems like it can't all be channel shifting. So I want to see what your thoughts are on just kind of a -- what's going on in January? And do you think the consumer's really taking a step back in the food channel or is there something else going on? And then my second question, really you talked a lot about your new product development. I look forward to it but I was wondering if you could maybe delve in to a little bit your acquisition strategy, if things have changed in your thought process there, particularly at maybe acquiring some of these kind of the healthier brands?
John A. Bryant: Scott, firstly on the measured data, we are seeing a larger gap between measured data and our assessment of how some of the categories are performing. I'll give you one example, U.S. cereal. The measured data would suggest something like 1% to 2% category growth in the fourth quarter and we saw more, like 2% to 3%. So I think you need to add roughly 2 points of growth to the measured data to get to the non-measured or total category performance. So I would suggest some channel shifting going on within the environment. Secondly, on acquisition strategy, we continue to look at acquisitions around the world, bolt-on acquisitions. They can be in the area of healthier brands like BearNaked or they can be in the area of snacks. They can be international. So we continue to look and it's something that we are always focused on.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And as you look forward, to follow-up on a little bit on kind of how you deploy capital. I mean, how do you -- as you look at this, how do you think acquisitions play into it?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Our uses of cash, Scott, are very consistent with what we've done in the past. Certainly, we recognize the importance of our dividend. I talked about the share repurchase program and repurchasing approximately $650 million of shares in 2012. So basically the remainder of our program. And then we'll look at complementary acquisitions. So it's really a combination of those 3.
John A. Bryant: In the past, when we've done small acquisitions, this tended to be a small increase in our debt. I think if we did a larger acquisitions, that might look at that share buyback piece. But in general, it's really just an addition to our cash returns.
Operator: Our next question is from Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: John, did I hear you right that, I think, you said that you expect the cereal category to be a little bit more difficult in 2012 than it was in 2011? If so, is that more of a consumer concern or is it more related to your expectations for what the promotional environment's going to look like this year?
John A. Bryant: Ed, I think the cereal category is always an intensely competitive category. I think it's a good long-term category, it's on trend from the health and wellness nutrition perspective, aging population, out-of-breakfast snacking and so on. But this really is a sort of low single-digit growth type category. And we're expecting that sort of performance in 2012 as well. I think it's also worth pointing out that we have been moving some of our promoted price points in the category. So in the fourth quarter, we increased our promoted price points on our medium-sized kid brands from $1.99 to $2.49; and on Special K and Rice Krispies Treats -- Rice Krispies, from $2.49 to $2.99. And as we've done that, we've seen some volume loss as consumers get used to the new price points and I expect that to continue probably into the first quarter. So I think that's more where we're seeing just some of the impact of the pricing go through the category and consumers get used to the new price points.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John and Ron, you talked about gross margin likely being down a bit in 2012 for the year. Just trying to get a better sense of the drivers there. You've got probably 4% to 5% pricing. You talked about productivity of 3%, which should be, I would think, more than enough to offset what is still going to be, clearly, an inflationary year for you. Are there other things, is it some additional of the supply-chain spending working through? Maybe just a little bit of the buckets that are impacting your margin for the year would be helpful.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Andrew, this is Ron. In terms of our cost inflation, we said is around 7% and cost saving's around 3%. So think of it at approximately a net 4% of inflation. We talked about top line being up 4% to 5% in the combination of price and mix. And it's probably somewhere in the neighborhood of 75% price, 25% mix. So when you rattle all of that through, our gross profit dollars are growing slightly lower than our sales growth, which is driving the margin down. In terms of the supply chain investments, Andrew, as we've said, very consistent levels of spending in 2012 as we had in 2011.
Operator: Our next question is from David Driscoll of Citi Invest.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to follow-up on SG&A but my question will be a little bit more detailed. So during the first 3 quarters of 2011, SG&A cost rose by 8%. In the fourth quarter, declined by 0.4% and that's after backing out the China impairment charge in 4Q '10. So I'm trying to make the numbers all apples to apples. I realized that incentive comp was up about $100 million and on a dollar basis, that seems to leave about $100 million of increase year-on-year in SG&A for the full year to be explained. So, Ron, can you try to tackle the question in that form? And then there'll be a follow-on related to how to think about 2012.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. In terms of our SG&A being up in the front part of the year, remember, we discussed the timing of brand building. In 2010, our brand building was a little bit soft in the front half and in 2011, our brand building was up in the front half versus 2010. So that's certainly a factor. You talked a little bit about the incentive compensation. That was spread more over the back end of the year. So really, it's a function of those 2 items and then just general overhead inflation, very consistent with our expectations of growing our overhead at half the rate of sales growth.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then in 2012, would you -- obviously, we don't have the incentive comp issue but would you expect the rate of growth underlying that? So you made the explicit comments on brand building, leaving brand building out of it, the rest of the bucket in SG&A, would you expect it to grow consistent with what we saw in 2011?
Ronald L. Dissinger: We still are very disciplined on overhead and recall our operating principle on overhead growth is to grow it at half the rate of sales growth. So you'd see kind of that level of growth flowing through our overhead and then we said we were making a meaningful step up in brand building.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you quantify, in the $100 million that you're spending on supply chain, can you quantify how much of that is related to asset write-downs in 2011? Same question for 2012.
Ronald L. Dissinger: There wouldn't be a lot of asset write-down necessarily within that $100 million. We do have some money tied up in upfront costs, David, but the $100 million is a combination of ongoing and a small amount of onetime costs and then depreciation related to the step up in capital spending.
John A. Bryant: If I could just jump in on that. I think it's important on the supply chain just to step back here a bit. We have completed our evaluation across our network of things that we need to do, we're making the right decisions here to build the foundation for the long term. In 2011, a portion of that $100 million was additional people in the plants, and additional depreciation from step up in capital, as well as some onetime-type costs as we did some changes in our network. In 2012, we now have a full year of those people costs. We have another step up in depreciation from the additional capital and we have a smaller amount of onetime costs, if you like, or unusual cost. As we go forward, we see that $100 million as a step up in our cost structure. So we don't expect that to come back out again. However, of course, we're always looking to be more efficient in our supply chain. If we can find a way to decrease those costs over time, we will. But we're confident also these investments will generate a return for us long term because these people in our plants will help us identify additional different productivity savings in the future.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had 2 questions for you. I wanted to ask about the Europe or really the U.K. outlook and just, I guess, something that you pulled back on brand building there, probably the appropriate move. I'm just curious what you see there for say, 2012 with the category and with your own performance where you've had some, I think, some products launched in that kind of thing in the category.
John A. Bryant: Chris, Europe is our most difficult region as a company. Really it breaks down into 3 different businesses. First, Russia and Russia grew high-single digits in 2011. I think we're building a stronger business there over time, it's continuing to transition from an bulk or non-branded business to a branded business. And some of that happened in the fourth quarter. In fact, you saw some volume decline in Europe in the fourth quarter. About half of that volume decline was actually some non-branded business that we were walking away from in Russia. On the continent, we saw improvement in the continent as we went through the year but then as we got into the back part of the year, the continent started to go a little soft as well. So we're seeing some growth in France and Italy but the remainder is mixed and I think the difficult economic environment and the state of the euro zone is weighing on our business in the continent. In the U.K., we have better plans in place for 2012. We have a new General Manager who started January 1. We actually managed to hold share in cereal in the fourth quarter but it is going to be a difficult environment with a tough retail environment, a very competitive environment and a consumer under pressure. As we look at Europe and 2012, we are hoping to see slight top line growth in Europe and hopefully, we can hold operating profits stable year-on-year but there may even be a slight decline in operating profits, just recognizing the difficulty of the environment.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Are you increasing promotion in, say, the U.K.? It sounds like your toughest market. Is that a factor in your revenue assumptions for 2012 for Europe?
John A. Bryant: We did increase a little bit of spend and promotional activity in the fourth quarter to help stabilize the share. What is interesting is in some of these markets in Europe, our share of voice actually jumped to 75% to 80% as some of our competitors have pulled back dramatically on brand building and put their spend more into allowances. That's not the game that we like to play. Obviously, we have to keep watching our plans in Europe and we'll have to take the appropriate actions as we go through the year.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a final or a quick one, the U.S. cereal inventories, and where they stand today or generally, how you feel about those inventories today?
John A. Bryant: We feel good about the inventories. They're at a very similar level from a trade inventory perspective as last year. And so, it's a pretty good position.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: You touched on it a little bit but can you talk about the progress of the supply chain investments? Have you found any surprises either to the upside or the downside in how you are allocating the capital? And can you also talk about again, the progress of where you are and what you're spending on right now and what you will be progressively spending on throughout the year?
John A. Bryant: Well, we're tracking along right in line with our expectations on the supply chain. We're executing against a plan that we developed in the back part of last year. I wouldn't say there's been any major surprises one way or the other and that plan includes adding people back into some of the facilities, additional capital and depreciation related to that and some movement of product around the plants to do some things we want to do in these plants. So no real changes there.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then in terms of the time frame, what have you done now and then what do you expect to do in the back half in terms of -- maybe a little bit more specifics, if possible?
John A. Bryant: Well, maybe I'll go to the weighting of investment over the course of the year. I think we'd expect that investment to be relatively consistent or even over the course of the year versus it being somewhat back end weighted in 2011.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Ramey of D.A. Davidson.
Timothy S. Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: The performance in 2011, 2012, reminds me a bit of back in '98, '99, when volume to value was kind of introduced as a concept and it worked then longer term. I know it's always worked for Kellogg but your guidance for '12 sounds like it implies maybe flat to slightly down volume. When do you think we'll be able to start to see more tonnage increases? And if you could, give us any kind of color on what the regional tonnage outlook is. Do you expect volume to be down in Europe, for instance?
John A. Bryant: Tim, I agree with you that if you go back to '98, '99, it is similar to that timeframe right now for the Kellogg Company. I think we are back on our sustainable -- trying to get back on our sustainable growth model. I think if you look in 2011, we had strong underlying sales growth. And if you try to get to the true earnings power of the company, I believe it's stronger than it appears on the surface. So if you adjust 2011 for the incentive compensation, you've got 5 points of headwind. You adjust for the supply chain, changes that we made about another 5 points of headwind and then you adjust, say, for lapping the recall last year. You try to pull all that together, I think you'll see the core earnings power of the company is at mid-single-digit operating profit growth. And I think as we go forward here, we'll continue to play the mix game element of the sustainable growth model. So it's not about just a focus on volume, it's about driving the top line and up-weighting the consumer or driving the consumer to higher value-added products, which we are seeing with launch of Crunchy Nut, FiberPlus and Krave in the first quarter of this year. So I think we are on that path. In terms of volume itself, I believe that volume growth is being held back by the level of pricing that's being required to take to offset inflation. Unfortunately, I think we need to take that level of pricing. We need to protect the economics of the business first and foremost so we can invest back in brand building and drive the business the right way. Hopefully, we get a period here of more normalized inflation. We probably then have less pricing and have a better balance of volume, price and mix to drive the top line. On the regional volume cost [ph], I don't want to give guidance at a regional level. I think it's fair to say that volume is likely to be under pressure in Europe in 2012.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Simon is a little bit more physically intimidating than Catherine so I'll try to keep my questions to a limited number. I guess first, just more specifically on upfront charges, what do you expect for 2012?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Our upfront costs, Eric, in 2012 will be very consistent with 2011.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And as usual, I assume that you are including those in your dollar earnings guidance?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Absolutely, we are.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, maybe this goes back to Ken's question but on the segment results, looking back over the last, whatever, 10 to 15 years, the fourth quarter profit has been anywhere in North America, anywhere from $50 million to $100 million lower sequentially. And I've asked about this in the past and you've always said, well, it's kind of the way we accrue things, et cetera, et cetera, but with the supply chain investments and I'm just kind of very surprised that the sequential profit in North America was so solid. I mean, was there -- were there like those recall insurance proceeds in there or -- because it just doesn't seem that because you had some sales lift, which, again, isn't that different versus history, that you would just have such solid sequential profits when history has suggested the exact opposite, even excluding all this spending.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Eric, in terms of the performance in North America and really the company as a whole, the fourth quarter results were primarily a function of that strong sales growth and really good price realization in that quarter as well.
John A. Bryant: Eric, I think if you look at the SG&A absolute dollar spend year-on-year, it didn't change very much. But the sales line comes through the top and just rolls through the P&L. So our economics are very top-line sensitive. We can drive the top line, we get very good operating leverage and expansion.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a last follow-up, I was a little bit surprised at your response to the M&A question. You brought in a lot of new people, you're literally fixing some plant floors. The last couple of acquisitions have been a real struggle. So are you kind of suggesting that you're comfortable enough to make a deal tomorrow? Or was that really more of a long-term type of response?
John A. Bryant: Eric, I think we're always looking at acquisitions. And I think we've had a reasonably good track record over the years of acquisitions. So I'm not trying to signal anything here to you. I'm just saying that it's always something that we're constantly reviewing and looking at in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about the emergence of alternative channels? And I'm thinking particularly very fast-growing areas like the Dollar Store channel. It seems to me that in the past, a lot of the growth was coming from the Wal-Mart supercenters and we've heard a number of companies or a couple of companies recently saying they're moving more towards third-party distribution models. Could you basically just give us some commentary about how this change in the retail environment is changing your operations from a manufacturing and supply-chain perspective? And is it a big burden on the company as it changes?
John A. Bryant: We are seeing growth, Alexia, in channels like Dollar and club. And I think it is a consumer looking for value, whether it's an absolute price point in Dollar or price per pound in club. I don't think it's impacting our go-to-market strategy. We try to keep our margins relatively stable across the channels if you look at the total cost to serve of that channel. And we have very good execution capabilities in those channels already.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Serotta of Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered but I wanted to follow-up on Tim's question with respect to volumes. This is basically the third year in a row of kind of flat to down volumes. When you look at 2011 and the 2012 outlook, how much did the volume deleveraging have an impact on your gross and operating margins? If you could sort of, I know you're not going to give us a specific number, but if you could help dimensionalize that, that would be real helpful.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. Eric, this is Ron. Certainly, our running volumes through our manufacturing plant has an impact on operating leverage but we try to manage that cost structure effectively even when volumes are down. So I'd rather not quantify the impact of volume absorption across our business.
John A. Bryant: And to put that volume into context, 2011, our volume was essentially flat. In fact, if you back out some of the abnormal items such as China, volume lossage is a business that we have subsequently sold and some volume loss in Russia as we move away from non-branded business in that market, our volume as a company, actually, will be up slightly.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then as you look to 2012, are you anticipating a negative impact from volume deleveraging?
Ronald L. Dissinger: I think it's reasonable to expect volume again to be under pressure, flattish, maybe down slightly in 2012, reflecting the level of pricing we've had to take. And obviously, we've put that thinking into our cost structure as we run our plants. But we're not talking about dramatic volume declines here.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Feeney of Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: John, thinking back, I thought Tim made a good point about volume to value. In a more pointed way, your stack-to-volume since Q4 2007, I'm just looking at the disclosed numbers here, is down about 11.4% it looks like. And on a consolidated basis, it's down about 4%. So when we think about the next 4 years, I see how volume-to-value might make sense. Is it your -- I mean, Ron mentioned you're sort of shifting ad spend out of some markets and into others to where there's return. What you saw, it seemed to me, in early 2000s, though, was an increase in advertising spending. And, of course, while coming off high levels, you seem to be decreasing advertising spending at the moment. So I just -- I kind of want understand like how you think about that ROI and if that's, in fact, the plan. Do we get to where our relative ad spend level is appropriate to the current sort of opportunities set that you see?
Ronald L. Dissinger: As you know, our business response to innovation and brand building and we are increasing our brand building and our advertising meaningfully in 2012. Certainly, we expect that to have an impact on volume but with the level of price that we're putting into the marketplace. We think our volume, as John says, is more likely to be flat to slightly down.
John A. Bryant: And I think as our position on brand building is looking to increase in 2012, and we think that's a part of getting us back on our sustainable growth model, and that, in time, should help us drive a bit of balance between volume, price and mix.
Simon Burton: And Tyrone, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question is from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a follow-up, another follow-up on your euro cereal comment, John, being difficult. And you mentioned that pricing is hurting the category and the promoted price points in particular are going up. And that makes sense that, that was going to probably hurt promoted volume in the near term. But we've seen cereal do well during periods of inflation before and pricing go through in this category because it's still pretty cheap eats, particularly for the food value that it gives Americans. It tends to do well during these periods of inflation. And this time, it doesn't feel like the momentum is there. It's not all that great even when you look at the behavior of the company, it's like they don't seem to have this fly wheel of innovation and increased spending behind it where the momentum's there and you're feeding this animal that is very responsive to that spending. Is that comment fair, John? I mean, this category doesn't seem to have the momentum yet?
John A. Bryant: Well, I think that if the category's doing reasonably well in a difficult environment. In the fourth quarter, we think the category was up something like 2% to 3%; full year, up 1% to 2%. When you take into account all of the channels, not just the measured channels, which unfortunately lack some of the growth that we're seeing elsewhere in the category. And we've taken a number of price increases in U.S. cereal and our base sales are actually hanging together reasonably well. I think when you move your promoted price points, you're going to have a little bit more of an impact in the short term as the consumers get used to that. And I think that's what we're seeing in the case of our business in the fourth quarter, probably into the first quarter of this year. So I think if you step back from the category, it is a good category. It is driven by innovation and by brand building. I believe that the category growth is determined by the combination of what all the manufacturers do. We're driving innovation hard. We're driving brand building. I think some other players are talking about doing similar things and I expect that in combination to grow in the category. I don't see it as a 0-sum gain.
Simon Burton: Okay, everyone, thanks very much for participating today and we'll be available afterwards for follow-ups as usual.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-03 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John A. Bryant - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Simon Burton - Executive Officer of Snacks business unit Ronald L. Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time. I will turn the call over to Simon Burton, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Simon Burton: Thanks, Karen. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our third quarter 2011 results. I'm joined by John Bryant, President and CEO; and Ron Dissinger, our Chief Financial Officer.  The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you're aware, certain statements today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, investments and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings.  As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, November 7. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days.  And now I'll turn it over to John.
John A. Bryant: Thank you, Simon. And it's really great to see you back in Kellogg. As we evaluate our business, we are pleased with our commercial performance, and in a moment, we'll discuss our progress and growth across both categories and regions of the world. That said, we are absorbing additional costs, which are primarily related to our increased investment in supply chain.  Specifically, the third quarter offered some compelling signs of improvement, particularly from the top line and the end market perspective. However, the quarter was adversely impacted by investments in our supply chain and the lapping of last year's incentive compensation costs. We're encouraged by our underlying results, especially in the current environment and recognize that it takes time to regain momentum. While our sales grew 3% on an internal basis in the quarter, this actually understates our underlying performance due to some shifts in retail trade inventory. We achieved strong end market consumption growth across our U.S. business in the third quarter, gaining share in several key categories. We are also seeing improved momentum in Latin America, Continental Europe and Asia. However, the market continues to be difficult in the U.K., which adversely impacted our European results. Our strong innovation program and brand building are helping drive our top line in this difficult economic environment, and we have plans to continue our momentum. As mentioned on our last call, we are lapping a significant reduction in our incentive compensation costs in the third quarter of 2010. This adversely impacted operating profit by 12 points in the quarter and is a primary driver of our decline in operating profit year-on-year. Due to the timing of various hedges and commodity increases, we always expected the third quarter to have the highest level of inflation for the year.  In addition to the underlying inflation, we have also increased our investments in supply chain across the back half. It is important to note that when we first gave guidance for 2011, we expected cost pressures of 6%. We have now increased our estimate to approximately 9%, which has placed significant pressure on our operating profit performance this year.  If we step back and look at 2011, we are pleased with our top line in the U.S., with broad-based share gains. We are also seeing improved momentum in Latin America, Asia and parts of Europe. However, we underestimated how much work is required to regain momentum in the U.K. and have increased the level of investment in our supply chain.  As we look forward, we are building our top line momentum and have an even stronger innovation pipeline in 2012 than in 2011. However, to gain sustainable top line momentum, we need to increase our investments in brand building and continue to make investments in our supply chain. As always, our focus is on the long-term health of our business. To that end, we're going to make the necessary investments to manage for the long term. Specifically, we are focusing additional time and investment in several areas: supply chain, SAP reimplementation and increased brand building. Let me share more detail on each of these 3 areas. Slide 5 is one that we showed you at the back-to-school conference. I want to highlight that we're doing a lot of work to build a stronger supply chain. Looking at our business from farm to fork or silo to spoon. This has resulted in several changes in our supply chain. We have increased our capital spending to improve our infrastructure and selectively expand capacity. We have selectively added people and resources in our plants. We are expanding our training and development programs. We have changed a number of suppliers and significantly increased our independent testing and ordering. We have changed the layout of our plants to improve environmental zoning and monitoring.  As we work through the process, we have chosen to accelerate work in several plants to improve our environment. This has resulted in additional labor costs, asset write-offs, and in some cases, has temporarily increased logistics and sourcing costs. As we look into 2012, we expect to continue to invest in our supply chain, particularly in the areas of infrastructure capital, additional capacity and training, as well as a wraparound impact from investments made in 2011. In addition, we are investing in our Information Technology infrastructure through our SAP reimplementation to provide improved capabilities and drive efficiencies. Third, we will increase our investment and brand building to further drive our business momentum. Our increased brand building investments will also help support our successful ramp-up in innovation. As always, our focus is on the long-term health of our business. We are committed to brand building and driving innovation as the mechanisms to win sustainably in the marketplace. Turning now to our results, Ron will take you through our financial highlights.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning. In the third quarter, we delivered solid top line growth, with reported net sales growth of 5% and internal net sales growth of 3%. Operating profit declined 14% on a reported basis and 16% on an internal basis, driven primarily by increased cost of goods sold, lapping the adjustment we made in third quarter 2010 to reduce our incentive compensation costs and reinstatement of those costs in 2011. As we expected, our input inflation peaked in the third quarter, but we also accelerated some investments in our supply chain infrastructure. To give you a sense for the impact of these items, the incentive compensation costs created a 12-point headwind, and the supply chain costs created an approximate 8-point headwind to third quarter results.  Earnings per share declined 11% on a reported basis and 13% on a currency neutral basis. This included a benefit from reduced average shares outstanding as a result of our share repurchase program. Now let's review the components of our financial performance. Slide 8 shows the components of our net sales growth. Our volume decreased by 1.9% within the quarter for 2 key reasons: first, we saw customer trade inventory reductions in the U.S.; and second, our volume in Russia and China declined due to our continued conversion to value-added formats in these markets. Excluding these items, our volume was relatively flat. We experienced strong volume growth in Eggo, offset by volume softness in the U.K.  Overall, we are seeing what we expected in terms of volume elasticity due to consumer price increases. The only exception is in the U.K., where we have seen more elasticity in cereal and some softness in our snacks business.  Price and mix contributed 5 points of growth in line with our expectations. Currency contributed 2 points of growth for the quarter. So overall, our third quarter sales performance is consistent with our previous full-year outlook for both volume and internal net sales. Slide 9 shows our gross profit and gross margin performance. Reported gross profit dollars were $1.3 billion, down from 2010. Internal gross profit dollars declined 3% in the quarter. Our inflationary cost pressures peaked in the third quarter at 11%, higher than we had anticipated. Commodities, energy and fuel costs were key contributors to inflation. And we invested in our supply chain infrastructure. These items contributed to the decline in our reported gross profit margin, which contracted 270 basis points for the quarter to 40.7%. In the third quarter, we made incremental investments in our supply chain infrastructure across our U.S. network. These investments resulted in onetime costs, increased logistics costs and reduced operating leverage, while some production lines were down for refurbishment, and accounted for approximately 1/2 the decline in gross margin.  One example of our increased investment in supply chain was the actions we took at our Augusta plant. We reduced the volume in the facility as we made significant improvements. This resulted in lost volume absorption, asset write-offs and higher labor costs as we renovated this facility. We also took the lessons learned and are applying them across our network.  While we are fully hedged for commodities for 2011, we now expect cost pressures to be approximately 9%, up 1 point from our previous estimate of nearly 8%. Full-year gross margin is now expected to be down a little more than 100 basis points. This includes the incremental supply chain investments in both the third quarter and fourth quarters. These investments are the primary drivers of a change in both cost pressures and gross margin from our second quarter update. Now let's turn to Slide 10 to review brand building. Our third quarter brand building as a percent to net sales was the highest quarter on a year-to-date basis. Our brand building is down 9% year-over-year for the quarter, but this is due to our investments being more back-end weighted last year and we're lapping the highest quarter as a percent to net sales in Q3 2010.  Brand building is up 1% year-to-date, and we expect brand building to be up slightly for the year. As we look to 2012, we intend to invest more in brand building to help fuel our strong commercial plans and improve momentum. Internal operating profit declined 16% for the quarter, primarily driven by the peak in input inflation, investments in our supply chain and the year-over-year incentive compensation costs I discussed earlier.  North America internal operating profit declined 13% in the quarter, driven by these 3 items and despite contributions from strong price improvements.  Europe's internal operating profit declined 21% due to the continued difficult operating environment in the U.K. While we have taken prices up across the region, our price increases have not fully covered the impact from higher cost pressures this year, which increased nearly 13% in just a quarter.  In Latin America, internal operating profit jumped 19% for the quarter, driven by strong sales growth and including a double-digit increase in brand building investment. In Asia Pacific, our internal operating profit decreased 14%. While we saw operating profit growth across most of our markets in Asia, our business in Australia declined as we work through a customer trading issue. Now let's turn to Slide 12 to discuss cash flow. Our year-to-date cash flow was $877 million, $50 million higher than last year. We now expect cash flow for the full year to be at the low end of our guidance range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, as a result of a revised outlook for operating profit. Our capital spending continues to be in the range of 4% to 5% of net sales. Year-to-date, we have purchased approximately $690 million in shares, and we continue to expect to reduce average shares outstanding by 3% to 4% for the year. Now let's turn to our 2011 full-year outlook. We continue to expect net sales to grow at approximately 4% to 5%, driven by our price and mix visibility. Our volume for the year is still expected to be approximately flat.  As I mentioned earlier, we now expect cost pressures to be approximately 9%. This increase is driven primarily by the additional supply chain investments occurring over the second half of the year. These investments have contributed approximately 1 point to our cost pressures in the year. Our estimate of productivity savings remains at approximately 4%. And while I typically would not comment on upfront costs, we still expect approximately $0.12, which now includes onetime expenses associated with capital projects across our supply chain network.  Gross margin is expected to decline by a little more than 100 basis points versus last year. And we now expect internal operating profit to be down 2% to 4% based on our increased supply chain investments. Consistent with the revised outlook for operating profit, we expect currency neutral earnings per share to be approximately flat. We still expect share repurchases to provide a 3% to 4% improvement to earnings per share, and our tax rate is still expected to be approximately 29%. Our latest estimate of the benefit from currency is approximately $0.08 per share. And this suggests reported earnings per share in the range of $3.35 to $3.41. Now let's discuss our outlook for 2012. As John mentioned, we plan to make a number of investments across our business in 2012. We expect to make investments in our supply chain similar to those executed over the back half of 2011. These investments may be flat to up slightly due to new initiatives, as well as the full-year impact of investments made in 2011.  The anticipated cost impact of our SAP reimplementation is in the range of $20 million to $30 million. We expect to incur the costs for the implementation in 2012, but will not begin to recognize the benefits until 2013. And we plan to step up our brand building investment at a rate equal to or greater than sales growth to support our strong innovation pipeline and great commercial plans. As we turn to our broader outlook for 2012, we are continuing on the path to rebuild our momentum and are focused on the long-term health of the business. Reflecting our confidence, we expect another year of internal net sales growth above our long-term targets. Specifically, we expect internal net sales growth to be in the range of 4% to 5%, driven by our innovation pipeline for 2012, which is stronger than 2011, as well as improvements in price and mix. We expect our operating profit to be flat to up slightly as we continue to invest in supply chain, reimplement SAP and increase our brand building.  Consequently, our outlook for currency neutral earnings per share is for growth of 2% to 4%. We expect to continue to pursue aggressively our policy of returning cash to shareholders via the dividend and our multi-year share repurchase authorization.  Now, let me turn it over to John to discuss our North America and international businesses.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Before we discuss the individual businesses, I'd like to provide an update on our innovation performance and upcoming launches on Slide 16.  We have an outstanding innovation program in 2011 and an even stronger broad-based program coming out in 2012. We expect to exceed our $800 million innovation sales target for 2011. We are seeing great successes from products across our categories, like Special K Cracker Chips, Crunchy Nut cereal and Eggo Thick & Fluffy waffles.  For 2012, we expect nearly $900 million in innovation, driven by proven ideas such as Krave cereal in the U.S. and expansion of our Special K Cracker Chips line. We also expect our rate of innovation to increase across our international business. On the slide, you will see some of the new products we have scheduled to launch in the second half of 2011 and the beginning of 2012.  Turning to Slide 17, you'll see our top line results for North America. Internal net sales grew 4% in the third quarter and were up 5% year-to-date. The third quarter net sales increase of 4% was driven by growth in Retail Snacks and our Frozen and Specialty Channel.  Slide 18 walks you through details of North America Retail Cereal. We believe our underlying consumption growth in the U.S. across all channels in the quarter was approximately 5%, in line with Nielsen data for measured channels. The difference between flat shipments and 5% consumption growth is primarily trade inventory related.  We experienced market share growth of 1 point in measured channels in the quarter and achieved strong growth in non-measured channels. We experienced a double-digit consumption growth in the drug and dollar channels, which were up in category share 8 points and 2.6 points, respectively. Category trends improved within the quarter, driven by strong price realization. The average price per pound in the category has increased over 6% in the quarter and 4% year-to-date. This was driven by improvement in both shelf prices and promoted price points. Our advertising performance continues to be strong, with programs such as our Frosted Flakes father and son football advertising campaign. We also executed a highly successful in and out of chocolate Zucaritas, with bilingual packaging, leveraging Hispanic consumer appeal.  We demonstrated strong share growth from our innovation. Our recently-launched Crunchy Nut brand is at a 0.6 market share, while Special K Oats & Honey achieved a 0.3 market share in measured channels. Looking forward to 2012, we're also very excited about our upcoming launch of the Krave brand, which has demonstrated strong success in Europe. Turning to Retail Snacks, we had another solid quarter with 3% internal net sales growth, driven by growth in crackers, cookies and wholesome snacks. However, similar to cereal, Pop-Tarts experienced a trade inventory decline, which depressed the North America Retail Snacks net sales by approximately 1%.  We are pleased by our third quarter consumption and share performance, with broad-based consumption growth and share gains. Third quarter cracker internal net sales grew by 7% and gained 0.8 share points in measured channels, driven by the success of Special K Cracker Chips and growth in Cheez-It. Special K Cracker Chips is shaping us as one of our most successful launches ever. We are planning to launch 2 new SKUs in January to help build on this success.  We continue to see improving trends in our cookie growth, with the strength of the Keebler master brand initiative as we discussed during the second quarter call. While our Keebler brand is gaining share, we did see some softness in some peripheral brands, and so our total share is down slightly year-on-year.  Our wholesome snacks net sales grew approximately 3% in the quarter on top of a strong 7% comparison, driven by double-digit growth in Special K Fruit Crisps and FiberPlus bars. Kellogg share is relatively flat, but we saw a strong performance from Special K, FiberPlus and Keebler granola bars.  In January, we'll be introducing 2 new SKUs of Specialty K granola bars with fiber and protein. Pop-Tarts net sales declined 3%, driven primarily by trade inventory. But it's important to note that consumption was up 6% in the quarter. Turning to Page 20, our Frozen and Specialty business posted strong 12% growth in the third quarter, driven by growth in our Frozen Foods business. Our Eggo business posted internal net sales growth for the quarter of over 25%, driven by strong innovation and brand building. And our share of the waffle category is back to all-time highs.  We continue to launch new innovation. In January, we are launching 6 new items, including an away-from-the-table waffle called wafflers, a natural ingredient waffle called simply Eggo and an Eggo protein waffle to name a few.  The veggie category remains strong, growing at a healthy 5% consumption in measured channels. Our internal net sales also posted mid single-digit growth within the quarter, driven by Morningstar Farms. We are launching new items in January, including MorningStar Farms veggie meatballs and veggie hotdogs.  Our Retail Frozen Kashi business, internal net sales grew double digits within the quarter. In January, Kashi will introduce steamed meals with 4 new flavors.  Our Foodservice business grew approximately 6% within the quarter. Turning to Slide 21 and our international business, we posted 2% internal net sales growth, driven by strong top line growth in Latin America and growth in Asia Pacific. This helped offset Europe's 2% internal net sales decline. We are disappointed by our results in Europe in the third quarter. We essentially have 3 different regions in Europe: the U.K., Continental Europe and Russia. Russia performed in line with expectations, with modest top line growth despite anticipated lower volumes as we continue to move from a bulk to package format.  We continue to see positive trends on the continent in Europe. Our internal net sales in France, Spain and Italy all grew mid single digits in the quarter. However, the U.K. continues to be a difficult operating environment, a tough economy, combined with a highly competitive retail landscape. As a result, our cereal consumption was down 3% in the third quarter. To address the continued challenges, we are accelerating our rate of innovation in the fourth quarter and across 2012. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we are launching 2 flavors of a new kids brand similar to Mini-Wheats in the U.S. called Mini Max, which is centered around the U.S. full and focused positioning. We are also launching an all bran, Golden Crunch, and a Krave choose-your-chocolate campaign.  Snacks in the U.K. has had a very difficult year. We have seen aggressive new entrants into the category, which has adversely impacted our business. Snacks is inherently an innovation-driven category, and we've not had the necessary level of innovation. However, as we go into 2012, we have a much stronger innovation plan. Kellogg Latin America posted internal net sales growth of 9% in the third quarter, with double-digit gains in markets such as Venezuela, Mexico and Colombia. Strong price realization helped offset high cost inflation and funded a double-digit increase in brand building. We ramped up advertising, promotion and innovation activity. Notable in the quarter was the launch of Krave cereal in Mexico, continued support behind Special K and consumer promotions in several markets.  In Asia Pacific, third quarter internal net sales growth of 2% was driven by double-digit growth in Korea, South Africa and India. Our Australian business experienced a slight decline due to a recent customer issue. In summary, we are committed to the long-term health of our business. We are making progress in regaining our momentum in 2011 and remain on track for the long term. As we go into 2012, we have exciting commercial plans, expect to continue to drive sales at a 4% to 5% growth rate above our long-term growth goal. The required reinvestments will keep profit and EPS growth below our long-term goals for 2012. We remain committed to running the business for the long term.  I'd like to thank our 30,000 Kellogg employees for their dedication and hard work, and I'd like to open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I hate to ask this question, but I think most people recognize that the year wasn't coming in according to plan. But none of us expected a reduction in guidance to this degree. And one of the reasons was, it felt like there was this big cushion on executive compensation, up $100 million in the third quarter. Given that you're not hitting your targets, was there any discussion about whether executive comp should be up as much as it is this year?
John A. Bryant: I think the way, Rob, that the executive compensation works is, last year, we basically zeroed out our bonus program. And so I'm not sure I'd describe it as a cushion so much as a headwind coming into 2011. As we've gone through this year, we are reducing our guidance slightly for the year. And that will have an adverse impact to our executive compensation programs, but not to the degree of zeroing them amount. So it remains a headwind.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, John. But is this a rebasing to a normal level of executive comp, up $100 million? Or is it rebasing to maybe a little bit below a normal comp?
John A. Bryant: Well, we -- again, last year, we zeroed out the executive comp -- the total company bonus program. And this year, we reset it back to a 100% payout at target. That's what we did. So that's the extent of the adjustment for this year.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then one last question on -- K-LEAN, the program that you had in years past was a productivity program, a cost efficiency program. And now it seems like there's more than expected investment necessary in the supply chain. John, in the beginning of the year, if you rebased earnings, and everyone thought it was the right idea, do you feel again like the K-LEAN program may be -- hurt the assets more than it helped? And do you feel now you have the right level of investment that you need to put in?
John A. Bryant: Rob, I think it's a very good question. And if you go back and say, "How did we get ourselves in a situation that we're in and the need to reinvest even more money back into our supply chain in the back half of the year?" I think there are 2 root causes if you go back over time. One was we did cut too many people from our facilities as part of the U.S. implementation of K-LEAN. I think our international implementation of K-LEAN was a little bit different. It was more employee engagement oriented, less headcount reduction oriented. And so I think a lot of the issues we have actually are in our U.S. network. As a result of that, we have added more people into the plants this year and are engaging that workforce more effectively going forward. So there's certainly -- I think K-LEAN cut too deep in the U.S. network. And we reversed direction on that, and added people back into those facilities. The second root cause driver is that we probably worked the assets a bit too hard. We're running a bit too tight on capacity. And so you saw us add additional waffle capacity earlier this year. And as a result of that, we've increased our capital spend both this year, the next few years at around 4% to 5% of sales. So I think we're making the right investments for the long term. I think we have gone back and identified the root causes of some of the issues that we have. And I think you can see us addressing those root causes as we go forward here.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, first question, I don't think it's appropriate, given that the stock is down 7% and so many people are frustrated out there to limit us to 1 question. But besides that, the U.K., your biggest competitor there just a couple of weeks ago talked about that market actually showing signs of recovery. And so how is it that you're finding yourself in like the exact opposite position?
John A. Bryant: Well, I think the U.K -- I do believe the U.K. economy is a tough economy, and I think the U.K. consumer is under pressure. And if you look at the U.K., really 2 different issues in there. One is cereals, second is snacks. And our cereal consumption is down about 3%, which is obviously not where we want it to be. And we are increasing the rate of innovation in the U.K. with the launch of Mini Max here in the fourth quarter and additional innovation going to 2012. And the second issue is really our snacks business in the U.K. And we've had 2 new competitors enter that category in 2011. And the impact of that on our businesses as the category leader has been fairly significant. So I think there's some broader economic issues in the U.K., and there's some Kellogg company-specific issues within the snacks category.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess getting back to Rob's question on the investment in the business. I guess we've always had this question about the upfront costs and what kind of return they were going to give. And, I mean, I guess it's now fair to say that CapEx has been way underspent. These upfront costs aren't really returning that much. And I guess I just -- Dave Mackay isn't there to speak to this. But John, you've been around. And so like -- like it seems like the more rocks that are turned over, there's more ugly stuff underneath. And it's amazing that a company like Kellogg with its reputation is actually going through this. So I guess I just -- I don't understand how things like underworking or overworking assets and underinvesting could have occurred. I mean, I just -- I guess -- I wonder, is there more information here? And why is it happening? And how come you didn't kind of recognize this, let's say, that CAGNY 9, 10 months ago when you've been around?
John A. Bryant: I think, Eric, you come back again. There are 2 root causes here. One is, I think, we did cut too many people in our facilities in the U.S. network due to the lean initiative and we reversed course on that. And second is, we've worked assets a little bit harder than what we probably ought to have. And we've changed direction on that. If you think about what we've gone through this year, we have been aggressively looking across our supply chain from farm to fork or silo to spoon to try to move from a reactive situation over the last couple of years to proactively identifying and finding these issues. As you do that, we find things, find opportunities, and we address those opportunities. The second element is, as you're aware, we did receive a letter on our Augusta facility. We sat back and looked at Augusta, got to the root causes within the Augusta facility and took the lessons learned, fixed Augusta and took it across our broader network. That result is identifying further opportunities for us to invest in our supply chain. So I think what you're seeing here is our desire to make the right investments, to create the supply chain for the future. So we are addressing these issues in a proactive rather than reactive way. And we believe that by doing this, we're going to have a much stronger supply chain for the future that's more reliable, where we have better people safety, food safety, even productivity, because it all comes down to people engagement within these facilities.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Let me ask you first -- I guess what I'm still trying to understand is, do you have your arms around the cost required to fix the supply chain? And I guess if I could add to that, you were talking about $30 million of incremental investment in 2011 for supply chain. It looks like it was over $40 million in this quarter alone. So can you talk about -- I guess answer that broader question and then maybe give us a few more numbers, like what you expect for the year, maybe what could lap into next year, if you could help with that.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, Chris, this is Ron. In terms of the supply chain investments that we're making, remember, what we said was that our cost pressures move from approximately 8% up to 9%. So about 1 point, roughly $70 million. This $70 million is over the third and the fourth quarters. About 60% of it is falling in the third quarter and 40% is falling in the fourth quarter. And we did talk about an incremental $30 million previously when we did the second quarter conference call. So that was already embedded within the approximate 8% cost pressures that we discussed.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So the 9% does include that. And I guess the bigger question then John, do you feel like you've now quantified -- given what you've done, say, in Augusta and you spread it across the network, what you've done internationally, do you feel like there's any more surprises there? I thought we knew it last quarter. I guess it's what I'm getting at. How did that change again this quarter?
John A. Bryant: I understand that, Chris. And we gave our best estimate on the second quarter conference call. And now we've gone through a significant amount of work going through the Augusta learnings and the review of our supply chain to identify opportunities. And we've invested an additional $70 million that we have partially absorbed within this year's outlook and had to unfortunately lower our guidance as a result. As we go into 2012, we expect to have some wraparound investment increase year-on-year because we have added people back into the plants this year, there will be additional wraparound impact from that. There will be some depreciation expense next year as well, because we put capital in. And obviously we'll have some flexibility to continue to invest in our supply chain in 2012 because we spent the $70 million this year. So we are working through this. We're making the best decisions that we can. We are addressing issues as they arise. I think what is worth recognizing here is that we're investing what is appropriate and not what we can afford to invest in the context of guidance. So it's not like we only invest in what we could afford to invest in 2011. We actually invested $70 million and dropped our guidance. So we're not leaving issues on the table to be addressed at some point in the future.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Are these costs also reflected in upfront costs? Or is that separate of what you're doing in supply chain?
Ronald L. Dissinger: There are some onetime costs that are reflected in upfront costs, Chris. And then there is the $70 million that's just ongoing expense.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then my last question is just in relation to U.S. cereal inventory. And just to understand, was that a broad category decline in inventory with the certain retailers? And I also wonder, was the big increase in 2Q volume -- I know you had the recall. Was that -- did you find out in hindsight there was a little extra inventory shipped in, in 2Q?
John A. Bryant: Chris, I think what's happening on the trade inventory is actually had more to do with the 2010 comparative than the 2011 results. So in 2010, we had the cereal recall, which had officially reduced inventory in the second quarter, and then it had to get reloaded in the third quarter. And so we're just lapping a shipment profile from last year that's a little unusual. If you look at our absolute level of trade inventory, the end of the third quarter is in line with our normal sort of trade inventory ranges. Chris, if I could just add to that also, on a year-to-date basis, actually, our cereal shipments and cereal consumption are actually pretty consistent with each other.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So a lot of incremental expense coming in next year, and this year, most of it is supply chain, which is a little bit surprising. I'm looking at some of the measure media data, and it shows your share of voice within the category, cereal category here in the U.S. slipping. And your share of voice or share of market now lagging both Mills and Post. And John, you talked about the non-advertising brand building cuts that happened between 2008 and 2010 at a recent conference. So my question is, why not more investment in brand building next year? Do you think you're going to be at a sustainable level by just growing maybe in line or slightly above the rate of sales?
John A. Bryant: Well, I think our intention is to significantly increase brand building in 2012. That's our plan, that's our goal. That's why we're giving the guidance we have for 2012. So at this stage, I'm not quantifying by how much brand building will go up. But we're saying at or above the rate of sales growth. The other thing to remember when you look at that share of voice data is we've shifted a significant amount of money into digital, which is not really captured in the share-of-voice type metrics.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And one more question. Another surprise for me at least was the rather robust rate of organic growth that you're forecasting for 2012. Can you give us a little more color on maybe the components or the source or the -- I'll just leave it there, the components or the source of that growth?
John A. Bryant: We don't want to go into too much detail on 2012 guidance. This is just preliminary. But as we look out to 2012, we are seeing another year of inflation. And with that, we have taken additional pricing actions. And so a good portion of our 4% to 5% growth in 2010 will be price mix.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John, does some of the comments around supply chain and some of the many actions that you're taking, do those ultimately change the way that Kellogg is able to generate productivity going forward? So you're still looking for -- I think Ron said approximately 4% of cost of goods and ongoing productivity this year. Is that the appropriate number going forward? Or should that be lower as a result of some of the things that you're doing?
John A. Bryant: Andrew, I think if you look at the last couple of years, we've been closer to 5% productivity, which I think is an unsustainable and probably unhealthy level of productivity. If you look back over 10 years, we've sustained or been able to generate around 3% to 4% productivity. And we believe that's the appropriate long-term productivity guidance. Also, as we look in our facilities and we add people back into our facilities, improve the training and engagement of those employees, we believe that, in itself, will help us drive productivity over time.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: If you can talk about it, how are you hedged at this stage or how far forward into 2012? And at this stage, what would you expect your -- at least the commodity cost portion of your cost of goods to be up next year?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Andrew. In terms of commodity inflation, we do expect inflation, as John had said next year. We expect commodity inflation to be slightly less than what we experienced in 2011. Right now, and it's still early obviously, but at this point in time, we're hedged at about 50% on our commodities for next year. For comparison, I think we were a little over 40% at this time last year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then all the supply chain investment that you're doing, John, does that get you back to simply industry standard operating procedure? Or do you think that it gets you something beyond where the industry is or incremental capabilities that your peers either don't or won't have?
John A. Bryant: Andrew, it's very hard for me to do a peer comparison. We're looking at what we need to do. We're confident that we're making the right decisions that will enable us to be more effective and productive in the future. I believe in some areas, we are ahead of the industry. But it's hard for me to make a broad statement as to where the industry is.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And last thing is -- I guess I was a little surprised to see the overall corporate price sort of decelerate a bit from the second quarter, just because I know pricing has continued to build as you've talked about and you took some incremental pricing during the course of the quarter. So I'm just trying to get a sense of what drove that. And are we going to see that sort of reaccelerate going forward, given some of the new pricing that you took?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, actually, Andrew, the price mix benefit that we experienced in the third quarter is very consistent with what we expected and stronger than what we saw over the front half. We do expect it to accelerate as we move into the fourth quarter, and we have taken some additional pricing in October in a couple of key markets.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about the state of the U.S. cereal category? I know your consumer takeaway data was pretty healthy this quarter. But as I see breakfast in general, there's a lot of things going on right now. We've got the rise of Greek yogurt. Frozen breakfast also seems to be picking up. How are you thinking about the future growth rate of U.S. cereals in the context of those changes?
John A. Bryant: Well, I think the U.S. cereal category is a long-term growth category. There's lots of reasons to believe that category can continue to grow. There's an aging population trend here and older people eat more cereal than younger people. There's an opportunity to drive cereal consumption outside the breakfast occasion. And in some of the trends right now, like Greek yogurt, is actually -- can be complementary to cereal. And then people will add cereal to Greek yogurt. So I see it's a very versatile and long-term growth potential category. So in the third quarter, I think it was up 3%. So I am quite positive on the long-term potential of the category.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And just as a quick follow-up, you have a new Head of Supply Chain, Steve Sterling, that joined from Pepsi, I guess, in April. Were there things that he saw in the supply chain system that led to the sort of immediate and urgent step-up in spending that we've seen this time?
John A. Bryant: Well, I think we've been going through a process for a while now. I do believe that Steve has helped us, and as being part of this, helped drive this process as well. So clearly, he's taken on that leadership role within our supply chain.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And there was nothing that he -- it was more the Augusta plant and the learnings from that, that led to the step-up, not what we saw in terms of the differences between Pepsi and the Kellogg?
John A. Bryant: Yes, I believe we've been working down this path for a while now. And I think he's certainly helped us make some improvements. I think he's really been part of saying, "Hey, some of the people engagement practices are not what they could be." So some areas like that, he's been particularly active. But he's our new Head of Supply Chain for the company. He's driving the changes that we need to make as a company to be better long term.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron from RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. Just to follow up on the supply chain, I guess I could understand the investments, but these are initiatives that I would think are pretty -- usually pretty well planned out in advance. So just to see the incremental spending show up at this magnitude in the quarter so fast is a pretty big surprise. Can you just kind of maybe address the planning process a little bit more just so that we can understand the surprise factor a little bit?
John A. Bryant: I think if you go back again, we received the letter on Augusta, I think, in June. As we said, we've been going through farm-to-fork or silo-to-spoon process. As we identified opportunities going through the third quarter, we went after those opportunities. And we sort of finalized our plans for the year, sort of early October. That was the first time we had sort of full-year look as to where we were. But obviously, a lot of activities were underway across the third quarter.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then just a real quick follow-up. Was there a negative mix effect in the quarter just with the cereal deroding [ph] in the U.S.?
John A. Bryant: Actually, the third quarter was one of our best mix performances for over a year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll from Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I want to clarify a definition on something. So when you say the phrase supply chain, I think what's being embedded in this phrase is both the raw material cost inflation, and in addition to that, these increased costs related to the safety of the product itself. So Ron, am I correct on just what the definition is?
Ronald L. Dissinger: As we talk about our cost pressures in relation to supply chain, absolutely. It includes the material components of our product, as well as the factory and operating costs and these increased investments.
John A. Bryant: Dave, just to be clear, the additional $70 million of investment is not raw material related. That is investment in the 4 walls of our facilities.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, I'm going there next. So I'm just trying to put some things together, but you got to make sure you have the definitions right. Okay. So Ron, in your prepared script, you said that revenues were coming in line with expectation. The constant currency guidance is reduced by $0.07 versus last quarter. But the supply chain is up $70 million, that 9% figure you referenced. Quick math here says that's about $0.13. So then the guidance is not fully reduced by the magnitude of the supply chain hit. What's coming in better? And then let me stop there and I'll have a follow-up.
Ronald L. Dissinger: That's correct, David. So we have been able to absorb some of that increase within the context of our profit and loss statement. As I mentioned also, our brand building has come down a little bit, but we still expect it to be up year-over-year.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So then the follow-up then is -- I'm amazed I got everything right while on the call. So if I look at all of this and I say that from all of us on the outside, I find it relatively impossible to know exactly what you guys needed to do on the supply chain. And so this surprise here is not that the consumer is so much worse, it's not that the price increases are not being accepted, it is this internal company-specific issue on supply chain. I think the math says that, but do you guys agree to the qualitative statement?
John A. Bryant: I agree with that, absolutely. I think our underlying business performance is strong, the innovation is working, we have broad-based sales and share growth, we are gaining momentum on the top line, we're investing for the long term. I think issue that we had in the third quarter and the year was really this reinvestment in supply chain components.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: All right. Final question, all on this topic then is, in 2012, is the incremental increase to the supply chain x commodity inflation, did you -- if you did, I apologize, what's the quantification of this number that we need to think about in 2012? Is it the same magnitude or even higher from the $70 million you've called out?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, David, we said it would be consistent, perhaps up slightly.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So $70 million, $80 million, something like that, can't say. But in that ballpark, that's the headwind. And then that would be the principal factor in driving the below normal long-term guidance on the EPS front in terms of 2012 earnings growth. Is that correct?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Well, there are a number of things that are impacting us in terms of our 2012. As we discussed, we talked about stepping up our brand building investment and also the SAP reimplementation. The supply chain impact year-over-year is not a significant change.
John A. Bryant: David, the way I think about it is, early in the year, we said we had $30 million of additional supply chain investment. We've increased that by $70 million. So we're now at $100 million up year-on-year. As we going to 2012, we're basically saying we're going to hold that level of investment. That gives us the flexibility to reinvest in the supply chain as we need to. There will be some things that will impact us. We'll have year-on-year depreciation drag, and we'll have year-on-year impact from investments. But also, we have the flexibility to make additional investments in our supply chain if we need to within that guidance. The real reason that 2012 guidance is a little bit below -- was below our long-term aspiration is because we are looking to invest aggressively back in the brand building.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Final clarification. The SAP investment, is that over and above the normal upfront costs that you guys typically have? So if upfront costs are $0.12 this year, do I take this SAP? I think it's $30 million. And that's on top of 2012 upfront of, let's assume, it's $12 million to $14 million, like you guys normally are. Is that the right way to think about it?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, David, that's the right way to think about it.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Palmer from UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just wanted to ask you a big picture question on emerging markets and also on Kashi. The emerging markets have been pretty good for some of these other food companies. It doesn't look like your emerging market businesses is -- it's tough to tease them out from some of your division numbers. But it doesn't look like they're really hitting above their weight lately for Kellogg. If I'm right in that supposition, why is that, do you think?
John A. Bryant: Well, I think our emerging markets actually are doing pretty well and have potential to do even more. If you look at our emerging markets, really all of Latin America is in emerging markets in the Kellogg Company. I think we had a very strong quarter in Latin America. You go across Asia Pacific -- and really, Australia is bringing down the results of Asia. If you looked at Asia in isolation, we've got strong sales growth and profit growth, very strong growth in India, South Africa, Korea. So we're very happy there. And then you go across to Europe, and as we've said before, in some respects, while it sounds strange, Continental Europe is a little bit of an emerging cereal market. And we're seeing mid single-digit growth there. Russia and China, Russia and China both saw a little bit of volume decline in the quarter, which is what we anticipated. But we are making the right long-term progress in Russia. And as we said before in China, we're probably looking at taking a slightly different approach. And in that context, in terms of what we want to do as a company going forward, is to take the lessons learned from our Turkish joint venture and say there are opportunities for us to even more aggressively open up some emerging markets around the world by working with other companies in joint venture type situations.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And just briefly on Kashi, that's slowed in the last few months or so. And we've seen so many brands that are high, index high to women and to higher income women, in particular, that do pretty well in this environment. In Kashi, I would think would be that. Why isn't Kashi more of an engine these days?
John A. Bryant: Well, I think Kashi has an opportunity to get back to be more of an engine. I think we need to, again, pick up the rate of innovation on the Kashi business. And we're driving very strong plans for 2012. I think we saw Kashi actually did pretty well in the first half. It did have a tougher third quarter, and we're hoping to have a stronger fourth quarter and get back on track.
Simon Burton: Sorry, Karen, we have time for 1 more question, please.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Diane Geissler from CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask about your long-term growth targets. If we assume commodities sort of level off some time in 2012 and your top line returns to sort of a more low single-digit range, maybe 1/2 price mix, 1/2 volume, and maybe your productivity isn't a 5% benefit, maybe it's more like a 4%, are you -- and you got a couple of points for share repurchase. Is that -- should we be thinking sort of 7% to 8% long-term EPS growth? Or do you think it will be in the more 8% to 10% range?
Ronald L. Dissinger: Our long-term growth targets for earnings per share will be in the 7% to 9% range, and we fully expect we'll be well within that as we move back with them.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. So no change due to the increased investment in supply chain and...
Ronald L. Dissinger: No.
John A. Bryant: All right, everybody. Thanks for joining us on the call. We look forward to seeing or speaking to you over the next few days.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John Bryant - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Ronald Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Eric Larson - Ticonderoga Securities LLC Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co. David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will turn the call over to John Bryant, President and CEO of Kellogg Company. Mr. Bryant, you may begin your conference.
John Bryant: Thank you, Michael. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today, and welcome to the review of our second quarter 2011 results. I am joined by Ron Dissinger, our Chief Financial Officer. Unfortunately, Kathryn Koessel, our Vice President of Investor Relations, could not be with us today due to illness. We all hope she gets better soon.  The press release and the slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings.  As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, August 1. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days.  Now let me turn to our second quarter performance. We are pleased to announce solid second quarter results, which demonstrate that we are beginning to rebuild our momentum, following a very difficult 2010. While these results are against relatively soft comparisons in 2010, we delivered strong top line results and internal operating profit, as increasing benefits and price mix helped to offset higher input costs. The highlight of the second quarter was very strong share results across our U.S. business, driven by innovation, brand building and execution.  We have also seen improvement in our core categories as broad-based pricing actions have helped to mitigate increased cost pressures. Specifically, we gained 1.7 share points in U.S. cereal in measured channels, with 35.5 share across the quarter. We also gained share in waffles, toaster pastries, crackers and wholesome snacks. Our momentum also improved in our international business, with sales growth across all 3 regions. Based on increased net price realization and our confidence in our innovation, we are raising our internal 2011 net sales outlook and reaffirming our 2011 currency neutral EPS guidance. Ron will speak more to our guidance shortly. We had a solid start to the year and continue to be on track with our 2011 plans. That said, 2011 remains a year of rebuilding in a difficult consumer and retail environment.  Turning now to our results, Ron will take you through our financial highlights.
Ronald Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning. During the second quarter, we continued to execute against our plan to gain momentum in our business and we are pleased with our results. Our price realization improved in comparison to our first quarter, and we invested in innovation and brand building. We delivered strong top line growth, with reported net sales growth of 11% and internal net sales growth of 6%. And we grew sales across all of our operating segments.  Operating profit increased 12% on a reported basis and 8% on an internal basis, driven primarily by our North America and Latin America businesses. Earnings per share grew 19% on a reported basis and 13% on a currency neutral basis. Earnings per share growth included a benefit from reduced average shares outstanding as a result of our share repurchase program.  Slide 5 shows the components of our net sales growth in the quarter. Our volume increased 0.6 points for the quarter, driven primarily by easy comparisons to the second quarter of 2010. Our volume growth through the first half of the year is in line with our expectations. Price and mix contributed 5.4 points of growth as we recognized the full impact of our first quarter pricing, some select additional pricing in the second quarter and mix improvements. We expect to see the positive impact of our net price realization increase throughout the remainder of the year. As a result, we are increasing our full year 2011 internal net sales growth guidance to a range of 4% to 5%. Currency contributed 4.6 points of growth for the quarter. Reported gross profit dollars in the quarter were up 11%. Internal gross profit dollars grew 6%, reflecting strong net sales growth. Our price realization and cost savings initiatives covered input cost inflation. This allowed us to manage gross profit margin flat compared with a year ago at 42.6%. Over 90% of our commodities for 2011 are hedged. For the full year, our cost pressures are now expected to be at the high end of our 7% to 8% range. Full year gross margin is still expected to be down approximately 50 basis points.  Now let's turn to advertising. In the second quarter, we grew advertising 3% on top of 4% growth in the second quarter last year. We made meaningful investments behind innovation and marketing programs, and our advertising investment was up 6% on a year-to-date basis. Brand building, which includes both advertising and consumer promotion events, was up 4% in the quarter. We are confident that we have good investment levels to support consumer events that will help drive our momentum. As we have refined our plans for the year, we have made some shifts in investment from advertising to consumer promotion events. It is important to note that this is a shift to consumer-directed events, not price promotion. We know that consumers are motivated to purchase products that include on-pack promotions. Examples of consumer promotion events include our Special K challenges, a promotional offer in connection with the Cars 2 movie property that allowed consumers to collect on-pack codes and then redeem them on the Internet for prizes. These are fully integrated consumer promotion events that create another platform for consumer engagement.  Internal operating profit grew 8% for the quarter, driven primarily by strong sales growth, our cost savings initiatives and lapping the cost soft comparisons in 2010. This performance was partially offset by input inflation and brand-building investments. North America internal operating profit rose 11% against the 16% decline in the second quarter of 2010. The increase in operating profit reflects strong net sales growth, which more than offset higher input costs and increased brand-building investments.  Europe's internal operating profit declined 9%, driven primarily by the challenging operating environment in the U.K. and input inflation across the region. We also lapped the strong 6% growth comparison in the second quarter of 2010. As we said on our last call, we expect Europe's results to remain under pressure this year.  In Latin America, internal operating profit jumped 19% for the quarter, driven by strong sales growth, partially offset by a double-digit increase in brand-building investment. In addition, the performance includes the impact of several discrete items, such as the gain from the sale of our previously closed plant in Guatemala. Excluding the discrete items, Latin America internal operating profit grew approximately 10%.  In Asia Pacific, our internal operating profit increased 3% in the quarter. The growth was primarily driven by price executions across the region.  Slide 9 provides an update on our cash flow and the uses of cash. Our cash flow year-to-date was $403 million, $43 million below last year. Higher capital spending, combined with timing of working capital, contributed to these results. We now expect full year capital spending to be in the range of 4% to 5% of net sales, above our previous guidance of 4%. Our outlook for 2012 will likely be in a similar range. Our long-term annual target remains in the range of 3% to 4%. The increase in capital spending is driven by investments in our supply chain infrastructure. Despite this increased spending, we still expect full year 2011 cash flow to be in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. We remain committed to returning cash to our shareowners. Year-to-date, we have repurchased more than $500 million of shares, including nearly $190 million in the second quarter. We plan to repurchase shares throughout the remainder of the year and still anticipate repurchasing approximately $800 million of shares in 2011. Our average shares outstanding are now expected to decline by 3% to 4% year-over-year. As announced in April, our quarterly dividend will increase by 6% in the third quarter of this year on top of an 8% increase in 2010.  Now let's turn to our full year 2011 outlook. We expect internal net sales to grow in the range of 4% to 5% as we have better visibility to the benefits from our price execution and the mix improvements. We still expect volume to be approximately flat. As I indicated earlier, our first half volume performance is in line with our expectations and supports our outlook for the full year. Internal operating profit is still expected to be flat to down 2%. The increase in our sales outlook is essentially offset by increased cost pressures. As I mentioned earlier, we now expect cost pressures as a percentage of cost of goods to be at the high end of the 7% to 8% range as a result of these increased costs. Our estimate of cost savings, while slightly lower, remains at approximately 4% of cost of goods sold. We continue to expect earnings per share to grow low single digits on a currency neutral basis, in the range of $3.33 to $3.40. And while we generally do not provide quarterly guidance, I want to highlight that we are lapping a significant reduction to our incentive compensation costs in the third quarter of 2010. Remember that we cited the impact was approximately 10 points of operating profit last year in the third quarter. This creates considerable headwind to our third quarter comp. As a result, we expect our third quarter reported earnings per share to be down slightly from last year.  There were also a few moving pieces below the line that I'd like to highlight. We expect our tax rate to be approximately 29% versus the original 30% estimate. As I mentioned earlier, our share repurchases are likely to provide 3% to 4% improvement to earnings per share versus our previous expectation of 4%. These 2 items are relatively offsetting below the line. The estimated impact from currency is in our appendix. The latest estimate indicates that the benefit from currency is in line with our previous estimates of $0.09. This implies a reported earnings per share range of $3.42 to $3.49. We'll continue to update you on any meaningful changes to currency in our third quarter conference call. Now let me turn it back to John.
John Bryant: Thank you, Ron. Before I discuss our end market performance, I would like to take a moment to discuss our supply chain. First of all, we have very talented and dedicated people, who have a great track record of delivering top-quality food. We have a new head of Global Supply Chain from outside the company, who has been with us since April and has hit the ground running. Second, we are also making important investments in our facilities, including infrastructure, equipment and people. Third, we have also made significant enhancements to our supplier programs. We view these operating costs as an ongoing increase in our cost structure, and as we mentioned last quarter, these investments are included in our 2011 guidance. We also expect, as Ron mentioned earlier, a higher level of capital spending for the next few years. We are making good progress and are confident these investments will help mitigate future risk, and more importantly, drive our long-term supply chain capabilities and strengthen our company.  Now let me turn to a discussion of our end market results. In North America, we delivered strong top line results across the board, with internal net sales growth of 8%. We are pleased with our second quarter results in our North America cereal business, with internal net sales growth of 13%. This growth was largely driven by softness in Q2 2010. Our measured channel consumption growth was approximately 5%. The category dynamics continued to improve in the quarter. We estimate that across all outlets, category sales grew for the first time since the third quarter of 2009. These positive trends were reflected in our results. Our growth was driven by good base performance, supported by our 2011 innovation and first half net price realization. Our share grew 1.7 points in measured channels in the quarter, bringing us to a 35.5 share. We also saw broad-based share gains across virtually all of our alternative channels. Our strong commercial plans helped us to generate this performance. For example, with the support of an effective advertising campaign, we saw high single-digit growth in Frosted Flakes. Our innovation continued to drive results as the recent launch of Crunchy Nut continued to perform well, with a 0.6 share and Mini-Wheats' new innovation, Touch of Fruit [in the Middle], had a 0.4 share. Kashi cereal had another strong quarter, delivering mid-single digit internal net sales growth. BearNaked grew double digits as consumers continue to respond to our leading natural cereal offerings.  Our back half innovation includes the recently launched Rice Krispies Gluten Free cereal and FiberPlus Caramel Pecan Crunch cereal. We are targeting Rice Krispies Gluten Free to a passionate community and as a result, it was the #1 selling Kellogg product on Amazon in June.  Turning to Retail Snacks. We had a solid quarter, with 3% growth driven by strength in our cracker business. We gained share in crackers, wholesome snacks and toaster pastries in the quarter. Second quarter cracker sales grew 12% and gained 1.2 share points in measured channels, driven by increased net price realization, good execution and strong innovation. We saw 8% net sales growth and a strong 0.5 share growth across our big 3 brands: Cheez-It, Town House and Club. Our 2 varieties of Special K Cracker Chips, launched in January, have exceeded our expectations and hold over 1 share point in measured channels. We also have solid second half innovation, which includes Cheez-It Colby and Kashi TLC Pita Crisps.  In cookies, in the second quarter, we successfully launched the Keebler master brand initiative, which aligns cookie pricing, packaging and scale behind the Keebler brand. The shift caused a reduction in activity during the second quarter, which impacted our merchandising results. However, our base sales were strong and outpaced category-based sales growth. Keebler Fudge Shoppe continued to perform well and we had strong innovation with Coconut Dreams, JUMBO Fudge Sticks and Mint Creme Middles. During the second quarter, wholesome snacks lapped tough year-ago comparisons. In measured channels, we gained 0.4 share points. Across our business, we saw improved net price realization and strength from Special K Fruit Crisps and FiberPlus bars. Recently introduced Keebler Fudge Granola (sic) [Granola Fudge] Bars are showing positive consumer acceptance with a 0.6 share. Pop-Tarts gained over 2 share points, reflecting continued performance from the Pop-Tarts Mini Crisps innovation.  Our frozen and specialty business posted a 10% gain in internal net sales growth for this quarter, driven by double-digit growth from our frozen foods business. Our 2011 innovation includes Eggo Thick & Fluffy Waffles and the reintroduction of Kashi Waffles, which are both off to a great start. We recently launched our second half innovation, which includes a Nutri-Grain Honey and Oat waffle and 2 SKUs of Eggo Mini Muffin Tops. We are excited about the veggie category, with sales growth of approximately 4% in the second quarter. Reflecting this trend, our Morningstar Farms business grew approximately 5% and gained 0.4 share points in measured channels. Our food service business remained soft in the quarter due to a continued difficult operating environment.  Turning to our International business. Outside North America, internal net sales rose 3%, driven by growth across all regions. Internal net sales in our European business grew 1%, driven by a positive performance in France, Italy and Russia. In the U.K., we began to see early signs of improvement in cereal despite the tough consumer and trade environment. However, the U.K. snacks business continues to struggle as we face a tough environment. We expect strong performance from cereal innovation in the back half with Minimax, a new whole grain product that is high in fiber and low in sugar. We are also relaunching All-Bran with All-Bran Golden Crunch. In snacks, we are introducing Rice Krispies Squares Chocolate Orange flavor. We're starting to see better results on the continent, with Tresor and Extra cereals continuing to grow share in France. Not only do they contribute to net sales growth, but also help to expand the ready-to-eat cereal category, serving as a good example of the importance of innovation for both us and the category. We also grew share in Italy and saw a consumption growth in Spain.  In the second quarter, Latin America internal net sales rose 7%, supported by the successful implementation of list price increases across the region. Volume growth in Brazil and the strength in Colombia also contributed to the strong results. Mexico delivered flat net sales due to the first half retail trade issues, which contributed to the softer share performance and slightly lower volume. We believe these issues are behind us. The Special K relaunch continued to gain momentum across Latin America. In August, we are launching Krave cereal in Mexico, capitalizing on our success in Europe and a growing chocolate segment.  In Asia-Pacific, second quarter internal net sales grew by 4%, driven by strong top line performance in India, South Africa and Korea. We saw a modest growth in our Australian business, reflecting the difficult retail environment. We have strong back half innovation, including Special K Fruit and Nut medley cereal and 2 varieties of Special K dessert bars.  All in, we are pleased with our first half results, which are in line with our expectations. We are seeing improving category dynamics and strong share growth, driven by our increased innovation and brand building. While it is important to note that the consumer and retail environment remains difficult, we are confident we can meet our 2011 guidance and continue building momentum. I'd like to take a moment to thank all of the Kellogg employees, customers and consumers for their ongoing support. Now let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from David Palmer from UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: I just want to ask you about that U.K. trend. You mentioned the struggling consumers being part of the reason for the issues over there. I had heard that retailers were being particularly aggressive in having these "buy one get two free" type deals, and it was my impression that the retailers were really driving a discounting war over there, particularly in cereal. Could you comment on that? And you mentioned new product news, you seem to be implying that perhaps there is some hope of stabilizing trends here in the second half of the year.
John Bryant: Yes, David. If you think about as we came into the year, we said that Europe would be the most difficult operating environment for us. And within Europe, it's really the U.K. that's giving us the greatest number of challenges. And within the U.K., we are seeing improving trends in cereal. The cereal category is still struggling and we actually declined a little bit in the quarter. But that's an improved trend from where we've been, say last year. So I think the category and the dynamics are improving, but they're kind of lagging behind the improvement we've seen in the U.S. cereal category over the last 6 months or so.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: And so basically, if that 6 months lag holds true, then perhaps things might look a lot better or look a bit better in 3Q?
John Bryant: We are expecting the performance to get better. As we said, we have innovation coming at the back half of the year. I don't think the business is going to turn on a dime. I think it will continue to have a tough back half, but I do expect the trends to continue to improve across the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Ramey from D.A. Davidson.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Just following up on Europe a little bit. Is that a trade-driven phenomena entirely or -- I mean, the category you mentioned is still soft. What do you really see going on there as the driver of the softness?
John Bryant: I think the U.K. is a very tough consumer environment right now. The consumer's very depressed. I think retailers are trying to give the best offer they can to consumers and I think that manufacturers -- like ourselves, going back a year or so, we were also trying to follow a similar path. And that did lead to a very similar dynamic in the U.K. cereal category to what we had in the U.S. cereal category last year. I do think with inflation coming through and cost pressures coming through, you are seeing improving trends in that U.K. cereal category but it's still lagging the trends we're seeing in the U.S.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: So you feel that the discounting environment softens a bit based on higher input costs?
John Bryant: I don't want to talk to the future, but certainly what we're seeing over the last 6 months is it's starting to soften a little bit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Bivens from JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: John, just a quick question on U.S. cereal. Obviously, the recall, I think, kind of distorts last year's performance in the second half. But if you look at it, I guess, more on a normalized basis, do you anticipate a more normal level of promotion here? And I'm talking sales on deal, mainly coming from your competitors, General Mills and particularly Post, where -- a lot of things are going on over there. How are you looking at the promotional intensity in the second half?
John Bryant: Yes. It's very hard for me, Terry, to comment on promotional intensity in the second half and talk about what competitors may or may not do. But if you look at the second quarter results, if you look at the category, in the category, price per pound was up about $0.13 in the second quarter. Base price or price on shelf was up $0.09 and dealt volume or incremental sales was up $0.16 per pound. So we're seeing a little bit of a pullback in the amount of activity and an increase in the pricing that's being realized when merchandising activity does occur. I think that just reflects the intense cost pressures going on in the marketplace, and I think we have to wait and see how the back half plays out.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Well, as you sit here today, though, are you anticipating any change in those kind of trends?
John Bryant: No, I'm not. And I'm not because I'm not anticipating any changes in the cost trends either. So I do believe that we're seeing these improved trends in the category, and I expect them to continue through the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: John, you mentioned volume was up overall around a little over 1% through the first half and still expecting sort of flattish volumes for the year. So I guess that suggests potentially volume a little bit weaker as more pricing comes through in the second half. Last quarter, I think you had talked about elasticity being -- at least at that stage, while it was early, pretty minimal. Is the volume sort of deceleration coming because you've seen some different trends in elasticity, as to where this pricing came through in the second quarter? Or again, is it just "let's hope it's better, but in this kind of environment, we just don't want to bank on it"?
John Bryant: Andrew, I think we're seeing the volume performance that we expected to see. So we're right on track from our internal expectations. We have had some benefit in the first half of the year from a volume perspective, as we lapped through the Eggo disruption and the cereal recall. We do have more price mix coming in the back half of the year. And so we do expect our volume to be soft in the back half of the year than the front half of the year. So I would say that we have not been surprised by the elasticity. There has been some elasticity as you'd expect, given the amount of price mix that's coming through the business. But it's right in line with what we anticipated.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And it's early, I know, but based on where costs are sort of today for you and some of the fiscal year companies that have started the new fiscal year have talked about inflation levels that are even higher than sort of the high end of 7% to 8% that you're currently seeing for this year, I mean do this suggest -- I think you'd maybe mentioned some additional pricing actions that you took in the second quarter. I just wanted to make sure I heard that right. And then from the industry as a whole, maybe not just Kellogg, do we see more pricing in the back half to kind of get better set up for where '12 might be? Do you think?
John Bryant: Well, Andrew, I can't really talk about prospective pricing. We did take additional pricing actions in some markets around the world in the second quarter. And we, as we look out to 2012, are expecting another year of fairly significant inflation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta from Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Looking at the guidance, you still have a pretty wide -- I think it's $0.07 range for the year. With 2 quarters in the books and a pretty good visibility as to your cost structure for the rest of the year, I'm wondering why the guidance range is as wide as it is. Could you talk about some of the puts and takes that you're seeing or that you could potentially see that would cause you to be towards the upper or lower end of that range?
Ronald Dissinger: Eric, this is Ron. We're comfortable with the range of the guidance that we've given for the full year and how we look at our back half as well. Keep in mind, there are a lot of moving parts here. We had said that we're about 90% hedged on commodities. So we've still got approximately 10% open at this point in time, and we're still seeing our price realization settle in from what we've taken over the front half of the year. So there's still some things moving around. Clearly as our price execution gets taken, we're expecting volume to be a little bit softer in the back half of the year, probably down approximately 1 point. We need to see how the consumer reacts. So we're keeping that range at low single digits on a currency neutral basis and we're comfortable with that at this point.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then briefly, I thought Ron made a comment that your cost savings were coming in a little bit lower than anticipated. Could you elaborate on that and then discuss why that's the case?
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, it's not significant, Eric, but I did want to point it out. We've said approximately 4% in the past. It's about 20 basis points lower than plan. And keep in mind, this is an estimate when we start the year, in terms of our cost savings expectation.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I just wanted to ask about the investments that you mentioned in the supply chain on both the capital expenditure side and perhaps the expense side as well. Want to get a sense to how far through we are on that. Is this something that's going to continue to step up in coming years or do you think it's sort of in somewhat of a later inning? How are you thinking about that at the moment?
Ronald Dissinger: Well Alexia, if you think about it in 2 buckets, one's the expense piece and the second is the capital piece. On the operating expense piece, we view these costs as ongoing. We've got about a $30 million increase in these sorts of investments this year versus last year. As we go into 2012, we'd expect to probably hold at that level. It's too early to give that sort of guidance, but we don't see any reason at this stage why it would step up. And on capital expense -- capital itself, we're spending about $160 million, $170 million this year on capital in this sort of area. So it's a meaningful investment. And as Ron said, we do expect that capital would be sort of in the 4% to 5% range as we go forward for next couple of years, just as we continue these investments.
Operator: And our next question comes from Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just following up on the volume question, so it sounds like based on your comments and based on the data, the share momentum actually looks pretty strong with innovation, execution, the retailers' support on the merchandising just really firing in all cylinders. Your comment that volume is basically tracking in line with expectations, you think it's more reflective of internally you're doing all the right things and things are actually better, but just the macro is pretty challenging and that makes the category and just the broader -- the markets themselves a little bit more muted. So if we start to see the category turn, the share momentum potentially drives better volume performance is my first question. And then secondly, just on the reinvest, John you've talked about a number of times potential 2011 really being more of a rebuilding year coming out of a weak 2010. So maybe talk a little bit more about if you do get a potential upside, where the reinvestments could potentially direct to. Is it marketing, advertising? What categories and what geographies?
John Bryant: First, on the volume piece. We feel very good about how our business is performing. We have strong innovation out there. As you pointed out, we're seeing good market share gains and we think that the plans are really bearing fruit and the team is doing a great job. So I think on the volume side, we're looking good. And I think that what's really happening is the level of price mix that's coming through is putting a bit of a dampener on that volume growth. And so I'd say it's a combination of the macro environment, the consumer's under pressure, and the need for us to take pricing to reflect the high level of cost pressures that we have. Certainly on the volume piece -- on the back half, Ron, do you want to talk on the back half outlook?
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, Judy, let me talk a little bit about our second half profit outlook. We feel comfortable right now with the guidance that we've given. If you look at our second half from an operating profit perspective, it would imply, based on the first half, we intend to be up about 3 to 4 points on internal operating profit. Remember, we're lapping some headwinds as a result of this adjustment we made to incentive compensation in the third quarter, where we reduced our accruals last year. And also, there's an impact of that in the fourth quarter, though we know we're lapping the China impairment. If we take those items and set them aside and look at the comparable growth rates on operating profit in the back half, we're somewhere in the neighborhood of 9% to 12% growth on an internal operating profit basis. So we feel comfortable we've given the right guidance at this point in time.
John Bryant: Judy, I guess what we're saying there is that, that back half, we view that as a challenging but appropriate guidance. If we do have upside, we'll reinvest it back in brand building, but our expectation is that guidance is good solid guidance.
Operator: And our next question comes from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Just maybe -- just a quick follow-up on Judy's question. So in your guidance today for the year, you're including the $29 million charge in the fourth quarter that you took for the China impairment?
Ronald Dissinger: That's embedded in the base, Eric. Yes, absolutely. So we recognize we're lapping that when I just talked about the performance expectations.
John Bryant: Just to clarify. So in the back half of the year, we have about $100 million of bonus headwind, about $29 million of tailwind from China. When you adjust for those 2 items, our guidance implies 9% to 12% in operating [ph] profit growth in the back half of the year, year-on-year.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: All right. And then you called out this Guatemala gain on -- I guess it was a facility sale. I mean, in Latin America, a couple of percent, to me it doesn't sound like much. But was there any material like after-tax amount on that? Or like what was the pretax versus the after-tax value of that sale?
Ronald Dissinger: Yes. The pretax amount of the sale was about $6 million. Now we had some other discrete items partially offsetting that and that's why we communicated up 19% in Latin America, but if you adjust for these discrete items, more like up 10%. And then it would have been tax-affected [ph] at the normal rate.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then the last question I had, which I didn't exactly understand your explanation of operating cash flow. So on the one hand, you're raising CapEx to deal with all the supply chain issues, which is a good thing. Working capital is higher than you expected because of the inflationary pressure and you're telling us that that's probably likely to continue into 2012. So you're not changing your net income forecast. So what am I missing that's keeping free cash flow in the same range? Because it seems to me that if anything, given those factors you named, free cash flow should be coming in at the low end.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes. Fair question, Eric. First, we are comfortable with the $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion guidance. If you think of the raise that we did in capital spending, our capital spending is up about $100 million on a year-to-date basis. That's virtually all of the increase that we expect to occur this year. So our back half capital spending should be pretty comparative to last year. We mentioned the timing on working capital. So our working capital is a little bit higher. We didn't say necessarily that, that working capital was going to carry through the end of the year. In fact, we believe that, that's going to turn around pretty quickly on us, and we've even seen some of that turnaround as we've started out the third quarter here. And we're good at managing working capital. So as we look at the cash flow performance, we feel comfortable that we'll be in this $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion range. Keep in mind as well what we're lapping last year, which was around $1 billion of cash flow delivery before the pension contribution that we made. We had a very soft back half operating cash performance, the underlying cash performance, Eric, and we'll be lapping that in the second half of this year.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes, but we're talking absolutes, we're not talking year-over-year.
Ronald Dissinger: Understood. Understood, but the point is we're generating strong second half cash flow.
John Bryant: There's no question, Eric, the higher capital has put a bit more pressure on the cash flow number, but we're still in the middle of that range that Ron gave you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just had 2 questions for you. The first one is as you look at your cost inflation for the year, is it expected to be higher in the second half versus the first half?
Ronald Dissinger: Yes. The third quarter, and this may help you guys in understanding how the quarters may play out, the third quarter we do expect to be our highest level of cost pressures or cost inflation. So a little bit over 9%. That'll come down in the fourth quarter, because if you think about how our year played out last year, we started to see some inflation come through the fourth quarter. So our fourth quarter comes down a little bit. When you look at the back half versus the front half, the 2 should be relatively comparative.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then related to that, in the second quarter, without getting to -- I don't think you can give exact detail on this, but you had a higher level of pricing than I expected, and I'm just trying to understand how that matched up with the cost inflation in the quarter. I mean your gross profit dollars grew, I realized, and your margin was flat. Were those roughly comparable -- that is, the increase in pricing and the increase in cost inflation in the quarter?
Ronald Dissinger: In the second quarter?
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: In the second quarter, yes.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then my final question is just in relation to advertising and promotion, a bit of that shift. Can you help us understand how much that is shifting? Is it a meaningful number? Or how much is going to promotion versus what was planned to go into advertising?
Ronald Dissinger: Yes. As we look at advertising now for the full year, we've seen about 1 to 2 points shift out of advertising and into promotions. So our advertising could be flat to up slightly as we look at the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi investment.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: So John, your pricing seems to be coming in a bit better than expected, and I know you've made a lot of comments here on volumes but I want to just take another pass at it. The volume piece, certainly in the second half of 2010, volumes at the company were pretty weak. I believe they were down approximately 2%. So it's not as if the comparisons are particularly challenging. If the pricing is better than expected, cost -- you said it was 8% but that was within the range you gave before. Productivity sounds like it's very similar, down a touch but I can't imagine that's really a material issue right here. It does seem like you're tracking ahead. Are you just simply saying that it's not enough to make any change to the guidance? Or is -- there is some opportunities to spend more? I think you made a comment earlier in the Q&A that you would seek to reinvest. It just looks like things are stronger, and I suppose I'd like to hear the comments about the year-ago volume comparison.
John Bryant: David, I think we're very happy with the first half performance. We're tracking right on line, and we think we're on line for our full year guidance. Maybe a different way of coming at the volume question, if I looked at the second quarter, our volume's up 0.6%. If you would adjust for the cereal recall and the Eggo disruption, our volume in the second quarter would be down 1%. We're looking at the back half of the year and saying we expect our volume to be down roughly 1%. So we're actually expecting back half performance to be very similar to the underlying second quarter performance. And then if anything, we have a little bit more price mix coming through in the back half than what we had in the second quarter. So as I look at the guidance, I think it's very consistent, the back half, to what we've seen here in Q2.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: And then maybe just a related question to the volume piece. Of course, the back half of last year, the U.S. cereal category was also particularly weak. You did make the comment that second quarter saw cereal category growth for the first time. But again, when you're making this whole comparison that volumes go down, I suppose I'm not tracking against the idea that the cereal category gets better, yet we're still expecting volume pressures related to the price increases in light of a very weak category in the year-ago.
John Bryant: Well, when you think about the cereal category, the cereal category performance is based upon the performance of the all the manufacturers within the category. And I think we're very happy with our business. We're driving about 2/3 of the innovation sales in U.S. cereal so far this year. Our 5% consumption growth in the second quarter was strong. Innovation's working. We feel good about the business. I think the category's a little softer than we would like it to be, and I think it does have the potential to improve in the back half of the year. That doesn't necessarily mean that our business will grow even faster. That might just mean that we gained a little bit less share. We gained 1.7 share points in the second quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a question of clarification on the guidance for the share repurchase. So if it's going to contribute a little bit less than you were thinking originally to earnings growth this year, does that mean that you were expecting the share price to actually be lower? Like you're buying fewer shares than you originally thought? Or is there going to be more dilution I guess, from options? I'm just trying to understand why it's not contributing as much as you originally thought.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes. Bryan, there is a little bit more dilution from options. And if you look at our cash flow statement, you can kind of see that pop out. So we're seeing about $100 million more in terms of dilution from options exercises over the front part of the year. So that's having an impact on our range of benefit from average shares outstanding.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And is that an effect of the share price? Or is that because you're like going to be ahead of your plan? I'm just trying to figure out why that would be different.
John Bryant: This is a case of employees choosing to exercise options, and I think not paying a bonus last year has probably impacted some of that decision.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Mushkin from Jefferies & Company.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So I just wanted to understand a little bit, did you guys up your guidance -- more costs and more price increases for the back half? Is that kind of a little bit of the adjustment that was made? Or did I read that wrong?
Ronald Dissinger: That's correct. So a combination of more pricing and mix as well. And then our cost pressures being slightly higher, at the higher end of the 7% to 8% range. And then remember, I mentioned also our cost savings down slightly, about 20 basis points.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Right. So I'm going to kind of maybe be a little devil's advocate here with the back half and just say, we hear one of your biggest customers is really starting to struggle, from a volume perspective. And with pricing being a little bit higher than you thought, I mean, what gives you the confidence that down 1% volume is the right place to be or where it will end up given the condition of the U.S. consumer? I know you talked about the U.K. consumer being in a bad spot, but certainly the U.S. consumer is not great.
John Bryant: I think what gives us confidence is in part the second quarter performance and even the first quarter performance. We have a very strong innovation pipeline this year and that innovation will still be there through the back half of the year. And we're bringing in additional innovation at the halfway mark of the year. So clearly, volume is the most difficult part of our P&L to forecast, and if we have issues upside or downside, it will be on that volume line. But we think that the back half forecast is the right forecast and it's very consistent with what we've seen in the marketplace.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Do you worry about what I'm talking about? I mean, as you look at the retail channel, look at the consumer, look at the pricing that's going through and just say, "Whoa. This could be a little bit more challenging than we thought 6 months ago"?
John Bryant: I think the consumer is under pressure, but I also think our products tend to be staples. And if anything, we're seeing that split in the consumer. So we're seeing double-digit growth in BearNaked in the second quarter, one of our highest priced cereals on a per unit basis. And so you're seeing consumers who realize that the world's not going to end certainly being prepared to pay the extra money for the extra value. And then there are customers who are under pressure, but if you have great brand-building programs like the Frosted Flakes advertising, great innovation like Crunchy Nut and FiberPlus, then consumers are prepared to come into the category.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then trade spending. There seems to be some cyclicality to what you guys do with the trade. Do you anticipate, at least to the Nielsen data, do you anticipate that we're going to take that down a level of promotion you do in the back half. I think you've kind of a normal pattern here or do you expect to continue the kind of the levels you did in the first half?
John Bryant: Well, I don't want to talk too much about prospective trade spend. But I think our activity in the second quarter, take U.S. cereal, it looks like our sales -- incremental sales are up 10%. A part of that is a relatively weak comparison. And so I wouldn't expect that sort of growth to continue, because the comparison doesn't continue that way. So I think it will tend to moderate.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then one final question. I know you talked a little bit about the supply chain and manufacturing issues, but I think another one popped up here in New Zealand and Australia overnight. Any thoughts when this will actually -- it was just an unfortunate event, but any thoughts on that? Any comments on that?
John Bryant: You're right. We had a very small recall in Australia and New Zealand overnight. It was to do with some hard plastic in cereal. But it was a very small amount of cereal, a couple days of production. It's the first recall we've had in Australia for 5 years. So it really is a very minor issue. It really is unrelated to some of the issues we've had in the U.S. Clearly, our first preference is not to have any recalls at all. And secondly, if you do have them, you want to make them as contained as possible and as quick as possible. And I think that's what we've done in Australia.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Dickerson from Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I just wanted to go back to a couple of questions that were asked earlier on free cash flow, and specifically how it pertains to the buyback plan for the rest of the year. Because it seems like as of now, if you just run current share count for the rest of the year, it looks like that should get us down to the negative 3% for the year or down 3% for the year. So I was just curious, if we're building up for a better or stronger fiscal '12, and we still are on line for $2.5 billion 3-year buyback plan, then what would cause you to not be buying back shares in the back half of this year, if we obviously expect the share price to be going up? Is that just based upon pressure coming off of free cash flow? An increased dividend? Or is there something else there?
Ronald Dissinger: No, not necessarily. Let's separate out the financing activities and the share repurchase from the operating cash flow first. So the options proceeds or the dilution from that is really a separate matter. We're still planning to buy back shares in the back half of the year. So we didn't say that we weren't going to buy any shares back. We said we bought a little over $500 million through the front half and expect about $800 million for the year. It's still early, though. I mean, we're a little bit more than halfway through the year. We have the $2.5 billion authorization, so there's some flexibility there. We feel comfortable, based on what we will execute over the back half of the year, that it will be in that 3% to 4% range.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then just a clarification. I'm pretty sure your guidance before on interest for the year was $235 million to $245 million. Has that changed?
Ronald Dissinger: It remains in the exact same place. So our guidance is still at $235 million to $245 million.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, perfect. And then last question, just on a category basis. It seems like obviously there's been a lot of talk over the last couple of years on cereal. It's a large category. But I mean, could you add any color, what you think potentially could be happening with the consumer if you look at just potential growth just in the U.S. in the cereal category relative to what we've been seeing in frozen breakfast? Because obviously, Morningstar Farms is doing well and frozen breakfast category is doing extremely well.
John Bryant: I think frozen breakfast is doing very well. And you can see that with the Eggo consumption up 40% and the Morningstar Farms doing very well also. I think cereal, long-term, has great growth potential in the U.S. I'm not suggesting it's going to be in mid-single digit category, but it can certainly grow in that sort of low single-digit ranges. And I believe that's going to continue to happen because it's on trend from a health and wellness perspective. It's on trend from an older population perspective. And I think there's opportunity to drive consumption of cereal beyond just the breakfast occasion. So I think there's a lot of reasons to believe, a lot of tailwinds on the cereal category. Just given the sheer size of the category, it's going to be more moderate growth rates. But I don't think what we're seeing right now is a weak cereal category because we have a strong frozen breakfast category. I think what we need to do in the cereal category is to see an increased rate of innovation across the category, increased level of brand building across the category and bring consumers into the category.
Operator: And that final question will come from Eric Larson from Ticonderoga.
Eric Larson - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Just a quick follow-up on your top line growth. You've got a lot of innovation this year, John. You talked about that and the success thereof. Yet when we look at kind of the first half volume numbers, we don't see it in that per se. Maybe it's in your price mix, maybe the volume impact is more second half. Can you help us understand how you're measuring the success in your innovation and new products, either year-to-date and what metric we might want to look at to see where the benefit would come from that?
Ronald Dissinger: Well, I think you can see the innovation coming through in the market share results. And if I just take U.S. cereal as an example, FiberPlus is 0.4 share points, Crunchy Nut 0.6, Mini-Wheats Touch of Fruit 0.4 as well. So you can see the share performance there. I think obviously there is always some level of cannibalization of innovation from existing products. I do believe that these products, are to some degree, also bringing people into the category. And I think that the price elasticity also does have some impact on the category. So we are seeing innovation come through and help our volume line. And then subtract from, that to some degree, some elasticity from the pricing actions that are being taken. We have reduced our trade spend significantly across the back half -- the front half of this year, okay? And that trade spend reduction is putting some pressure on consumers.
Eric Larson - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Just a quick follow-up then. I know we're out of time. But you had put out, I believe, a goal of -- and it's a pretty standard number for you folks, of about $800 million of net new product sales from innovation/new products. Would that $800 million sales goal be the same for 2011 as what you had previously stated?
John Bryant: I would say we might be tracking slightly ahead of that now.
Ronald Dissinger: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Kim Stumm and I would be happy to answer any follow-up questions you might have. If you would please contact Kathryn Koessel's line. She's at (269) 961-9089, and we'd be happy to answer any questions. Thanks very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-04 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John Bryant - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Kathryn Koessel -  Ronald Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will turn the call over to Kathryn Koessel, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Koessel, you may begin your conference.
Kathryn Koessel: Thank you, James. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today, and welcome to the review of our first quarter 2011 results. Joining me are John Bryant, our President and CEO; and Ron Dissinger, our Chief Financial Officer. The press release and slides that support our remarks are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com.  As you are aware, certain statements today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, May 9. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days.  Now let me turn it over to John Bryant, Kellogg Company President and CEO.
John Bryant: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased with our first quarter results. Our performance reflects the building of momentum in our business and represents a good start to the year. We delivered strong top line results, both in our North America and International businesses.  As Ron will discuss in more detail, operating profit declined for the quarter on a year-over-year basis, as timing of net price realization lagged input cost inflation during the quarter, and increases in supply chain investments and advertising spending impacted our growth. These results are also on top of the toughest quarterly year-over-year comparison that we faced in 2011. We remain on track for the year, raising our internal net sales outlook and reaffirming our 2011 internal operating profit and currency-neutral EPS guidance. As we said at CAGNY, regaining momentum is our primary focus in 2011. Our first quarter results set us on the right path to rebuild momentum throughout the year. We are in great categories which respond well to innovation, brand building and nutrition growth.  We are focused on exciting consumers with new innovation in every major category to drive top line performance. As we shared with you last quarter and at CAGNY, we plan to launch more than $800 million worth of new products in 2011.  Our first quarter results demonstrate the importance of innovation. Within the U.S. Cereal and Snacks categories, we had over 60 share of all innovation dollars in the quarter. We introduced the U.K. cereal brand, Crunchy Nut, into the U.S., where it was immediately embraced by consumers. Our new Special K Oat and Honey cereal is off to a strong start as well.  In the Snacks business, we benefited from the early success of Special K Cracker Chips. Additionally, Eggo launched Thick & Fluffy waffles which in my opinion is the best waffle we have ever made.  Overseas, we started off the year with strong innovation as well. In Europe, we introduced Special K Clusters and Krave Milk Chocolate cereals as well as 2 varieties of Rice Krispies squares. Our five new varieties of Be Natural cereals continued to gain momentum in Australia.  Our focus on innovation continues with a solid pipeline that extends through the second half of 2011 and beyond. We continue to invest heavily in brand building, as demonstrated by our 10% spending increase during the first quarter. This brand building helped support the introduction of our innovation to the market, including programs behind Crunchy Nut Cereal and Special K Cracker Chips.  We still expect advertising to grow by low single digits for the year. As we have discussed, digital media is an important tool for increasing the effectiveness and efficiency of our ad spend. With an ever increasing number of ways to target our consumers through new media platforms, we can often spend less to reach the same and potentially larger audience. Our goal is to engage our consumers, forging stronger relationships with our brands whether through traditional television, print media or online programs such as Special K Resolution.  Let me give you three examples of how we engage consumers and bring our programs to life. An example of a recent integrated promotion is our Share Your Breakfast program, part of our ongoing effort to drive category growth. We are asking consumers to take a picture of their breakfast and post it on shareyourbreakfast.com. For every breakfast shared, we will donate one to a child in need, giving away 1 million breakfasts.  We also celebrated National Breakfast Day on March 8 and served cereal to thousands of New Yorkers in Grand Central Station. During this week, we had the highest cereal consumption of the year.  Cheez-It is another great brand that benefits from strong consumer engagement programs. In February, we launched a campaign inviting consumers to help choose the next flavor of Cheez-It. Consumers purchased samples and then went online to vote for their favorite flavor. We had 29 million votes and nearly 1 million views on Facebook. Not only did we engage with the consumer during the voting process, we are now able to build brand loyalty through a digital connection going forward.  We believe that we're off to a solid start in 2011 and are well positioned to continue to build momentum throughout the remainder of the year.  Turning now to our results. Let me take you through the highlights of the first quarter and how we are working to achieve our 2011 goals. In North America, we delivered strong top line results across the board, with internal net sales growth of 3% versus 2% growth a year ago.  We are pleased by the return to growth of our North American Cereal business after a very difficult 2010. We see improving trends in the category in general and in our business specifically. The deflationary environment that defined 2010 improved during the quarter, as average prices continued to increase across the category.  In our U.S. Cereal business, we posted a 2% increase in internal net sales driven by stronger innovation and higher promoted prices. We were able to deliver this growth without the benefit of the full impact of increased list prices across much of our portfolio. Across measured channels, we gained 0.7 share points in the quarter. Our base sales outgrew the category, while our incremental sales declined, which highlights the quality of our growth in the quarter.  We also saw strong performance in club and dollar with double-digit internal sales growth in both of these channels. Kashi cereals stood out this quarter by delivering mid-single-digit internal sales growth and gaining 0.3 share points. As the growth of this premium brand demonstrates, not all consumers are chasing the latest deal and are prepared to pay for added value.  Our strong performance was also driven by robust innovation launched in January. Crunchy Nut cereal gained a 0.6 share in the quarter, while Special K Oats and Honey and Mini-Wheats Touch of Fruit In the Middle both gained a 0.3 share. We will continue to support our strong first half innovation throughout the remainder of the year, and we're excited about our second half innovation, which includes Rice Krispies Gluten-Free and FiberPlus Caramel Pecan Crunch Cereal.  Turning to Retail Snacks. We had a great quarter with broad-based sales growth. Our North America Retail Snacks internal net sales grew 5% even against a tough comparative of 5% growth a year ago. Pop-Tarts gained over share 2 points in the quarter, driven by the introduction of 100-calorie Pop-Tarts Mini Crisps.  First quarter Cracker sales were up 4% and delivered a 2 share point gain in major channels. Early 2011 innovation helped drive the result. We had an overwhelming response to our Special K Cracker Chips. It has been one of the most successful new product launches in the Cracker category in the past decade, exceeding our expectations with a 1.5 share in major channels in the quarter. Town House Flatbread Crisps were also up nearly a share point in the quarter.  The digital outreach I referred to earlier around the Cheez-It Choose the Cheese promotion helped drive additional sales as well. Our second half innovation includes Cheez-It Colby, the winner of the consumer voting campaign and Kashi TLC Peter Crisps.  During the first quarter, we saw improving trends in our Cookie business, with slight share gains and a flat sales growth. We implemented Keebler Cookie line sales in anticipation of our upcoming Keebler Master Brand initiative. This aligns all Keebler cookie pricing and packaging, thereby creating scale behind the Keebler brand. The new packaging will hit the shelves later this week. Our recent innovation is performing well, with 2 varieties of Fudge Shoppe Jumbo Fudge Sticks, delivering a combined 0.4 share. During the first quarter, Wholesome Snack sales were up 6%, and we held our share leadership in this health-focused category.  Across both our business and the category, we saw increased price realization and strong innovation. Our first half innovation, including Special K dessert bars and FiberPlus caramel coconut bars helped drive our strong sales results. Second half innovation includes a range of Keebler granola bars which target the afternoon snack occasion. We are excited about the great start to the year in our Snacks business, with strong sales, share gains and base growth across most of our Snacks segments.  Our Frozen and Specialty business posted a 4% gain in internal net sales growth for the quarter, driven by high-single-digit growth from our Frozen Foods business. Our Eggo business, which is celebrating its 75th anniversary this year, continued to regain momentum, growing consumption by more than 60% and nearly 12 share points in the quarter.  However, our shipment growth was not as high as consumption this quarter as we lapped the rebuilding of trade inventory in the first quarter of 2010. New products such as Thick & Fluffy waffles, which launched in late 2010, performed well, gaining nearly a share point across major channels in the quarter. We will continue to introduce more innovation in the second half.  The Veggie category remains strong, growing at a healthy mid-single-digit rate. While our Veggie shipments were down slightly, we saw strong underlying consumption growth from Morningstar Farms.  We saw some decline in our Kashi Frozen Entrée business, which we are addressing with more innovation in the back half of 2011 and across 2012. Also, our Foodservice business was largely flat in a difficult environment.  Turning to International business. Outside North America, we posted 2% internal net sales growth, driven by strong top line performance in Latin America and growth in Asia Pacific. This helped offset Europe's 1% internal net sales decline.  As expected, the U.K. faced a challenging operating environment, a tough economy, combined with a highly competitive retail landscape. The U.K. Cereal category was flat in the quarter, in line with most U.K. food categories, while our cereal consumption was down 2%. During the quarter, we began to see positive trends on the continent. Within our French business, consumption increased 6%, yielding a share gain of 0.6 points. The Tresor and Miel Pops cereal brands helped drive this growth. We continue to expect Europe to be our most challenging operating environment in 2011.  In the first quarter, Latin America internal net sales rose 10% and volume increased 4%. The increase was led by volume recovery in Brazil, as well as higher average prices throughout much of the region, including Venezuela. In Mexico, internal net sales were up slightly in the quarter against difficult comparisons. Results in Mexico for the first quarter were also negatively impacted by a customer issue which is now largely behind us.  The Special K brand relaunch continued to drive share gains across the region. Specifically, in Mexico, Special K gained nearly 2 share points. In keeping with the transfer of great ideas, we are rolling out the European favorite Krave cereal in Mexico during the second half of the year.  In Asia Pacific, first quarter internal net sales grew by 2%, driven by top line delivery in both the Cereal and Snacks businesses. Strength in our South African and Indian businesses drove the top line, offsetting softness in shipments in our Australian business. Consumption in our Australian Cereal business grew more than 1% and we gained 0.4 share in the quarter.  First half innovation helped drive share, with the introduction of 5 new varieties of Be Natural cereal, with 1.5 share points for the quarter and a strong performance of Sultana Bran buns. However, our first quarter net sales growth does not reflect consumption due to a retail inventory build in the first quarter of 2010.  The Australian Snacks business continued its momentum, increasing share by 3.2 points in a category growing approximately 14%. South Africa was a bright spot for the quarter. The cereal category grew at a double-digit rate and we delivered sales and share growth in the region.  Let me turn it over to Ron to walk you through our financial highlights.
Ronald Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning. As John mentioned, we are pleased with our first quarter results. We delivered strong top line growth, with net sales for the quarter increasing 5% on a reported basis and 3% on an internal basis.  Operating profit was down 10% on a reported basis and down 12% on an internal basis, primarily as a result of increased commodity and brand building costs, as well as investment in our supply chain. Earnings per share declined 8% on a reported basis and 10% on a currency-neutral basis in the quarter, and included the benefit of share repurchase activity.  Operating profit and earnings per share declined as we invested to build our momentum, and remember that we lapped 17% growth in internal operating profit and 27% growth in currency-neutral earnings per share in the first quarter of 2010. We recognize that we did not provide specific quarterly guidance. However, it is worth noting that we're pleased with our performance, which was ahead of our expectations for the quarter.  Now I'll review the components of our financial performance. Slide 14 shows the components of our net sales growth in the quarter. Our volume increased by 1.8 points for the quarter, driven by gains across our Cereal, Snacks and Frozen Food businesses. Price and mix contributed 1.3 points of growth. We have executed our price increases as planned in the first quarter, and they have been accepted by our customers. You can expect price execution to have a greater impact over the balance of the year as we benefit from the first quarter increases and already announced second quarter pricing.  Currency contributed 1.9 points of growth for the quarter. Slide 15 lays out our gross profit and gross margin performance. Reported gross profit dollars were flat in the first quarter. Gross profit dollars on an internal basis declined 2% in the quarter, primarily due to increased input costs and planned supply chain investments, for partially offset by the profit generated from our sales growth.  Our reported gross margin contracted 220 basis points to 40.8%, in contrast to a year ago when our reported gross margin increased 190 basis points. Our net price realization lagged input inflation in the first quarter. We expect trends to improve as our previously announced price execution is fully recognized in our performance. While we are currently hedged approximately 85% on commodities for 2011, we expect gross margin to remain under pressure from input inflation, including fuel costs. For the full year, we now expect cost pressures on the cost of goods line to be in the 7% to 8% range, and we expect full year gross margin to be down approximately 50 basis points.  Now let's turn to Slide 16 to review advertising. As John discussed, we are committed to investing in our brands through brand building activities. This quarter, we increased both advertising and total brand building by 10%. Brand building includes advertising and consumer promotion events such as National Breakfast Day. The most notable increases occurred in our North America and Asia Pacific businesses. Investments behind our major innovation launches contributed to the growth in advertising.  Our investments also drove one of our strongest Special K Resolution events ever. It is important to note that timing of our innovation launches and other key events can impact year-over-year comparisons. We continue to expect advertising investment to be up low-single digits for the year, and we are confident that our media investment is sufficient to successfully engage consumers.  Now let's turn to Slide 17 to review internal operating profit in more detail across the regions. First quarter internal operating profit declined by 12% facing the tough comparisons I mentioned earlier. North America internal operating profit also declined 12% against a 22% increase in the first quarter of 2010. This was due primarily to higher input costs and increased brand building investment.  Europe's internal operating profit declined by 9%. As John mentioned, the challenging operating environment in the U.K. impacted our sales performance. In addition, the benefit from our price execution is lagging significant input inflation in this region. We expect sales and profits in Europe to remain under pressure this year.  In Latin America, internal operating profit increased 1% for the quarter. While sales grew 10%, cost pressures were significant. Much of our pricing is largely in place, and we expect to benefit from this price execution as we progress through the year.  In Asia Pacific, our internal operating profit decreased 23% in the quarter against a 10% increase a year earlier. The decline in operating profit was driven by Australia, which was lapping retail inventory growth in the first quarter of 2010 and increased advertising to support innovation launched in 2011.  Slide 18 provides an update on cash flow and our uses of cash. In the first quarter, cash flow was $207 million, up slightly versus prior year. For the full year, we still expect cash flow to be in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, and we expect capital spending to be roughly 4% of net sales at the high end of our 3% to 4% long-term range.  In the quarter, we repurchased more than $300 million of shares, and we will continue to repurchase shares throughout the remainder of the year. As we said on the fourth quarter conference call, we estimate repurchasing approximately $800 million of shares in 2011. Average shares outstanding are still expected to decline by 4% year-over-year as a result of 2010 and 2011 repurchase activity. We also remain committed to returning cash to our share owners through dividends. Last week, we announced an increase to our quarterly dividend of 6% effective in the third quarter of this year.  Now let's turn to our outlook on Slide 19. We currently expect internal net sales to grow approximately 4%. This reflects recent price increases implemented to offset higher input inflation, as well as improvement in our volume outlook for the year. We now expect price and mix to be at the higher end of our 300 to 400 basis point range. We expect volume to be roughly flat based upon our first quarter performance, the strength of our innovation and improvements in category trends. Internal operating profit is still expected to be flat to down 2%.  The increase to our sales outlook is offset by higher input costs. As I mentioned earlier, we anticipate cost pressures as a percentage of cost of goods to be approximately 7% to 8%, up from our initial estimate of 7%. Our estimate of cost savings remains the same at about 4% of cost of goods sold. We continue to expect earnings per share to grow low-single digit on a currency-neutral basis. This includes a full year outlook on our tax rate approximately 30%.  We have estimated the impact from currency at the forward rates in our Appendix. We believe that forward rates are a more conservative approach than spot rates. The latest estimate indicates $0.09 of benefit on forward rates. This implies a reported earnings per share range of $3.42 to $3.49. Currency movements can fluctuate positively or negatively, so we will continue to update you with our estimates as we progress through the year.  And now let me turn it back to John for some closing remarks.
John Bryant: Thank you, Ron.2011 is a year of building our momentum. And with our first quarter results, we're off to a solid start to the year. We see positive signs with strong end market performance across many regions. In the U.S., we have increased share in most of our categories. This performance reflects the importance of a strong innovation pipeline and effective brand building to drive top line growth.  I am confident that through continued investment and innovation and brand building, we will continue to regain momentum in 2011 and beyond. We are well positioned to grow our internal net sales at approximately 4% and to deliver our 2011 operating profit and EPS guidance, and to reach our ongoing goal of delivering long-term sustainable growth to our share owners. I'd like to thank our 31,000 employees whose continued dedication is enabling us to achieve this goal. I'd now like to open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Diane Geissler from CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I guess I'm struggling a little bit on your top line and your volume commentary. So your volume was up this quarter, but you're projecting flat for the full year? And if I remember correctly volume in 2010 was down. So I guess for me there's little bit of a disconnect between what you're saying about the percentage of your sales that's coming from new innovation. Could you maybe just walk me through your volume expectations for the full year, because otherwise, it's looking like your top line is basically all inflation. Is that an accurate way to look at it, or am I missing something?
John Bryant: Here's how we think about volume. We're expecting it to be sort of largely flat, maybe down a little bit for the year. And the first quarter was a great start. We have volume growth of 1.8%. We had strong innovation, and you can see the benefit of innovation coming through in the volume performance in the first quarter. However, we had relatively limited amount of our price mix benefit in Q1, only 130 basis points. And our same price mix is in the high end of the 300 to 400 basis point range. So clearly, there's a large amount of price mix that's built into the expectation for Q2 through Q4. And that's going -- we expect that to have an adverse impact on volume. This is the line of our P&L which is probably the most difficult for us to predict. Clearly, the innovation's having a very positive impact, but we do expect some price elasticity and some adverse impact on volume from the higher price mix performance in the back half of the year.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then I guess a question -- kind of follow-on question, then I'll leave it at that, when do you expect the consumer then to accept price increases? Should we look 2012 the year kind of comes together and then you see the top line driven by more volume than pricing, or is it just too early at this point?
John Bryant: I think as you look at the consumer acceptance on our pricing, first, we step back. The retailers have accepted the pricing that we're putting through since pulling into the market. It's not fully in place in the first quarter because we took pricing throughout the first quarter, and of course there's some element of price protection for deals that had already being negotiated before the pricing went into place. So the pricing is moving through. We expect there to be some adverse consumer reaction just because there’s a segment of population is under pressure. At the same time, there’s a segment of the consumer population that’s doing quite well, and we see that in the growth of Kashi cereal. So as we look at this year, we're being cautious in our volume expectation. I don't want to get into 2012 volume forecasting, but if you look over the long term, we expect our growth to be roughly 1/3 from volume, 1/3 from price, 1/3 from mix over time.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ed Aaron from RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: At CAGNY, you talked a little bit about looking to reinvest any earnings upside you might have this year. I'm just curious to get a feel if you’re anymore less confidence that you will have some operating upside to reinvest by the time the year is gone. And then to the extent that you do, where would you be looking to prioritize that? And I know you just brought somebody on from a supply chain perspective, so that kind of comes to mind is an area that you might look to spend some money.
John Bryant: I think the guidance we've given here is the right guidance. I don't think we're giving guidance here that we think is conservative or we're going to beat; and therefore, reinvest. If you look at our first quarter, the delivery of $1 of EPS in the first quarter is broadly speaking 29% of the full year EPS guidance. And that is right in line with the 5-year historical average of about 29% percent of our EPS coming out of the first quarter. So I feel like Q1 is on track with our full year expectations. If we do get an opportunity to overdeliver and reinvest, that's likely to be in the areas of brand building to continue to drive the top line momentum as we go into 2012 and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow from BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I think on your third quarter last year, you talked about a lack of support that kind of your non-measured channels kind of led to a 2-point drag on top line in U.S. Cereal. You didn't talk really towards that channel. Can you give us where you stand on the momentum of regaining those share points in that channel and what you're doing to address those issues and where you stand?
John Bryant: Well, I think we're seeing improved performance from the non-major channels. If you look at say club and dollar, there's some good growth going on in those channels. If you think back historically, when we talked about non-major channels, and let’s take the Cereal category as an example, we would have said you'd add 200 to 300 basis points of growth to the major channels to get to a total category performance. I would suspect right now you're adding about 90 basis points of growth or 1% of growth to the major channels to get the total category performance. So the non-major channels last year were a bit of a drag this year. They're growing a little bit faster but not as fast as they were, say, 3 or 4 years ago.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: John, just in terms of your outlook in Europe, understanding that the business or the conditions in the U.K. are tough. But just in terms of -- if you could talk a little bit about just the improvements that you've made or the progress you've made improving some of the, I guess some of the more secular issues that you were having there. Then also just in terms of outlook, how much of your outlook now is just colored by it's more difficult to price inflation through in Europe than it has been in the U. S?
John Bryant: Okay. As we look at Europe, as you said, U.K. is a tough market right now. And there's a couple of things going on in there. One is the Cereal category in the U.K. as we said in the prepared remarks is flat and our consumption is down slightly. We do have good innovation in the U.K. and we do expect the trends to improve as we go through the year, but it’ll take time to get us there. Also, in the U.K., we have about 20% of our U.K. business in the Snacks category, and that business has actually recently moved to the biscuit aisle, and that's disrupted that business to a degree. So we have to take some time to work through that. So it's not just cereals, there’s also some issues in snacks in the U.K. On the positive side, we are seeing some green shoots, if you like, in Continental Europe. As I said before, the French consumption is up about 6%. We saw some slight consumption growth in Italy and gained nearly a share point there. Having said that, Spain remains very difficult. So it's a bit of a mixed component coming out of Continental Europe. And we saw some good growth in Russia, some double-digit growth in Russia in the quarter as well. In terms of pricing in Europe, Europe is one of the more difficult parts of the word to execute pricing. We have executed our 2011 pricing actions in Europe. So we've gone through the retailers, and that's now flowing into the consumer environment.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: All right. So it’s fair to say that the biggest challenge in Europe right now is more just the macro issue as opposed to Kellogg-specific in terms of getting things moving.
John Bryant: I think so. I think there's a macro element, and then from a Kellogg-specific issue, I’d say the snacks moving into the biscuit aisle in the U.K. is a little bit specific us. But beyond that, it is more macro consumer concern.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crèdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: I was just wondering if you could give us a little color on how much commodity inflation you had in first quarter, and then how it kind of ramps up as the year goes on. And then a follow-up.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, of course, Robert, we'd be happy to. First of all, the first quarter performance, we did expect our gross margin to decline in the first quarter. Our cost pressures in the first quarter were very consistent with what we expect for the full year. So they were in the 7% to 8% range and that's what we expect for the full year as well. So we don't necessarily see a significant ramping up. The issue for us in the first quarter, obviously, was that our pricing was settling into the marketplace, and as a result, our gross margin performance was down.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. And I thought I heard some color somewhere that the launch of Crunchy Nut was okay, but not doing particularly great. How does it compare, compared to like other major launches you had? Just a little color on that.
John Bryant: I think Crunchy Nut is doing very well. It still in the first quarter. It's got about 0.6 share and it's at or above our launch expectation. So we're very happy with the performance of Crunchy Nut.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: John, can you give us a sense as I know pricing was flowing through over the course of the quarter, maybe some color on where towards the end of the quarter, what sort of net price realization were starting to look like, give us a better sense of maybe how to think about it in the second quarter, and therefore obviously, to get some comfort that you're going to be catching up, if you will, to some of the input costs you're seeing?
Ronald Dissinger: Andrew, this is Ron. I'd be happy to help you with that. When you look at the price mix improvements that we saw in the first quarter, we communicated 1.3 points. So our pricing was settling in over the course of the quarter. When you look at the balance of the year, what you'll see, if we stick within this 300 to 400 basis points price mix improvement, we said we'd be at the high end of that range. That implies basically around 5 points of price mix benefit or thereabouts over the balance of the year. You'll see that progressing in the second quarter and then clearly full impact in the back half. But our second quarter will certainly be better than the first quarter.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then this is a really tough one to really know, but with the way you're thinking about elasticity, I think it makes sense to take a more conservative sort of wait-and-see approach. But the way you're sort of modeling for internally, is it any different than you might have been modeling for it based on what you learned back in '08, just because of the tougher consumer environment? Or is it really tough to model in any case anyway, and you're just being conservative to be prudent?
John Bryant: I think it's very difficult to get what the real elasticity number is going to be. We have obviously a series of very complicated models to help us model out the elasticity, and we tend to give it quite frankly a haircut of what those models tell us. If you try and get a sense of how much elasticity is out there, we're not seeing very much to date. So the first quarter, we do have some price mix, we had, within U.S. Cereal our promoted price points were up 6% in the first quarter, and yet we continue to get good merchandising support and the business continued to do well. If you look, say, at another proxy around sensitivity to price, is private label doing well, were private labels down in share U.S. Cereal. It's down on all the international markets. It's moving up or down by 10, 20 basis points in some of the snack categories. So as we look at the consumer elasticity with certain expectation out there for the past 3 quarters of the year that as we sit coming through the first quarter, we're not really seeing a whole lot of elasticity yet.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Got it. That's actually a very helpful perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: You said that you had about a 60% dollar share of U.S. Cereal innovation in the quarter. Can you compare that to where you were last year and then maybe where you were another quarter -- another first quarter where you thought you had very good innovation coming into the year.
John Bryant: I think 60% is probably a bit higher than what you would normally do. But certainly our innovation, we're an innovation-intensive company. We normally over-index on innovation. So I think Cereal is a little heavier than normal. I'd probably go back over to some of the snacks categories in the U.S. where we really had very strong innovation and significantly out index what we have done historically and maybe even -- that's probably even true in some of the Frozen Foods elements as well.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: But you don't have a number for last year?
John Bryant: No. I would suspect it was in the 40% to 50% range.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And that’d be closer to normal or below normal?
John Bryant: That would be closer. We would normally over-index by 10 to 20 points above our market share.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Bivens from JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: John, two quick things. Number one, if you look in the U.S., you guys continue to get some nice distribution gains. I know those are coming against your SKU cut in the recent past, as well as some of the troubles with Eggo. But I'm wondering are there distribution gains elsewhere? And how much in promotional moneys are being spent to get those? For example, maybe Wal-Mart returning to action, Halle [ph] would be an example what I'm trying to get at there.
John Bryant: Terry, you're right. We are picking up distribution gains in a variety of places in the business. I think what's driving that is actually the strong innovation pipeline and retailers wanting to support the innovation. Retail is looking at that business and recognizing that to drive that business they need to bring news to the category, news to the consumers and put that out in front of their consumers, and so they are actively and aggressively seeking new ideas and then supporting them when we bring them to the retailers.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And just a quick follow-to, just shifting quickly to Australia. We hear there is obviously a tremendous price war going on there between the 2 big retailers. My question is, how much do you think that is compromising your Asia Pacific results?
John Bryant: I think you see -- if you look in the first quarter, as we said in the prepared remarks, our consumption was up slightly. We gained some share in Australia, so we're happy with our end market performance. But our shipments did lag the end market performance and that did pull down the segment results for Asia Pacific. There's no question that the retail environment in Australia right now is very complicated and it is I guess a degree of risk as you look into the future because of that interaction between those retailers. We're trying to navigate that as best we can.
Operator: Next question comes from David Palmer from UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: Question for you on just price elasticity of Packaged Food in general. I think it was Andrew mentioned, 2008, we look at the last 12 weeks of data across all packaged food, pricing has been creeping up to about 2% in the last 12 weeks, volumes trended off about 1% or so excluding some Easter category companies like Hershey. So it does look like things are playing out okay in a way that would give us cautious optimism. Is that the way that you see things now that the price elasticity doesn't look as bad as one-to-one or worse across many of your categories?
John Bryant: Yes, I think the price elasticity is probably a little bit less than 1:1. And that's kind of what's built into our expectations. If you think about what is embedded in our outlook here, in the first quarter, we had positive price mix of 130 basis points. And we're expecting, let's call it 400 basis points out for the full year, so towards the high end of our 300 to 400 basis points range. That implies that the run rate of price mix is going to improve quite a lot, and our volume would be down slightly. So it almost imply like a 2/3, a 0.6, 0.7-type price elasticity is what's built into our outlook. As I said earlier in answering Andrew's question, we're not seeing a lot of elasticity just yet, but that's what's built into our outlook.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: And then a separate question on cost. It seems very early to be talking about anything past 2011 on costs, but these things tend to play out over time because people hedge and pre-buy supplies of things. The current crop may be coming into focus, energy costs are higher. It feels like -- already like 2012 is going to be shaping up to be even more inflationary perhaps than 2011 in terms of everyone's actual costs, and that the average food companies are going to be going in for a round of price discussions by the end of this year. Is that -- I know you're not going to touch the pricing topic, but does it feel like from a cost perspective, that's the way it's playing out so far?
John Bryant: David, the way we look at it is we are in a long-term upward trend on cost of goods. The supply of grains has been relatively limited, the demand for grains is increasing, whether it be ethanol production or whether it be emerging market consumption, or direct grains or meat-based products. And the result of that is you're going to see increased prices for grains over time. And so we would look at 2012 and say, yes, it's probably going to be inflationary. How inflationary, we have to wait and see where all the supply demand shakes out and where the prices shake out.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Investments.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Could you discuss -- you're wrote in the press release that the first quarter exceeded your internal expectations. It was below the consensus, so perhaps you could describe how it exceeded your internal expectations.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, David. Be happy to handle that one. From a top line perspective, we did a little bit better than what we had expected, particularly in our North America business. From an underlying operating profit perspective, we were a little bit better as well. Our earnings per share was better as a result of our tax rate and a little bit of currency that flowed through there. And also our cash flow came in a little bit better than expected. So broadly across all of our key measures, we performed slightly better than what we had planned.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: And then moving on to the volume question. I just want to follow up some of the things that some other folks asked. We’ve done a lot of work here on your SKU rationalization from last year and it would look that you took a fairly large number of SKUs off-shelf. When you think about this big surge in new product activity in 2011, number one, is it incremental to your shelf space? And then second, can you comment on your thought process on the incrementality of the $800 million in new products?
John Bryant: I think if you look at the distribution gains we are seeing some level of incrementality from the new products from a shelf perspective. It's never 100% incremental and there's always some in and some out at the same time, but probably more incremental than normal given, to your point, the SKU rationalization that we executed last year. And then we think about the incrementality of the $800 million, the key there is when you do the innovation to innovate into areas that are going to bring new consumers into the category, as opposed as you switch consumers around. And we think that the add-on orientation of products like Crunchy Nut, the direct taste orientation of those products really will help us bring new consumers into the category. So we believe our goal is to make the innovation, not just larger, but more incremental over time and time will tell to see how well that works.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Finally, two details what the upfront spend for the year? and what's interest expense guidance?
Ronald Dissinger: Our upfront costs are in-line with what we previously communicated. So we estimate approximately $0.12 of upfront costs. And our outlook on interest expense is still in the range of $235 million to $245 million, so still very consistent with previous communications.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Housekeeping item, on the supply-chain investment, I noticed you had some favorability on the upfront cost line. Can you quantify the supply-chain investment this quarter and confirm that it was not in the upfront cost?
Ronald Dissinger: The supply-chain investments were not in the upfront costs. And these are items such as people process and infrastructure that we're investing in. I should point out though that those supply-chain investments are embedded or included in our cost pressures estimate of 7% to 8% for the year.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And I want to return to Europe. There was some news about some restructuring in Europe and how you guys are segmenting the market. And I was particularly interested about the focus on emerging markets there. Can you talk a little bit about that restructuring, and what, if anything, the implications are or how we should interpret the focus on emerging markets there?
John Bryant: That restructuring was in our Russian business unit in Europe. We closed one of the facilities, one of the manufacturing facilities in Russia. We have six facilities. That's one of six. We continue to be excited about the Russian business. It’s achieved double-digit growth in the first quarter, strong growth in Cereal just below 20% and so high single digit growth in Snacks as well. So we feel like we're well-positioned long-term in Cereal and in Snacks in Russia. And I would see that restructuring is just an opportunity to improve the profitability of the business so we can continue to reinvest in the business and gain long-term momentum in Europe.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Globally, can you give us a sense of how big emerging markets are now and what that growth trend is?
John Bryant: It's always difficult when you get into emerging markets and how much of the portfolio is there. So we look at Latin America and say obviously, all of that region for us is emerging markets. You take Asia Pacific and just take Australia out of that, and the rest of Asia Pacific would be an emerging market. Even when you come across to Europe and you come out the U.K. For us, Continental Europe is an emerging cereal category. It's relatively loyal for capital consumptions and has potential for long-term growth. So we don't have a metric as such for emerging markets, but you can see 10% growth in sales and on internal basis in Latin America in the first quarter some signs of growth returning on Continental Europe, double-digit growth in Russia and if you took Australia out of Asia Pacific, it would've been a very good growth performance as well, with double-digit growth in India, South Africa, China in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess I have two questions. One is the K-LEAN, this is like the last year of kind of the ramp up of this savings that you had kind of put together a couple of years ago and yet sounds like inflation continues to be a challenge. I don't remember who asked the question, but how do we think about the kind of the outperformance on the K-LEAN and the cost savings kind of beyond this year?
Ronald Dissinger: Eric, when you look at our performance on this $1 billion challenge in K-LEAN, we’re in the last year as you suggest of the $1 billion challenge and performing quite well against that we communicated roughly 4% of savings across cost of goods sold and K-LEAN is a big part of that. However, if you look back at what we demonstrated in the past, we've been in the range of 3% to 4% of productivity savings against cost of goods sold. So we feel quite comfortable that going forward, we’ll still be in that similar range of opportunity.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just as a follow-up on, I guess, John you must've noticed the bid by ConAgra for Ralcorp going hostile and so now it looks like ConAgra may be a cereal company and they haven't historically been known as the most rational competitor. I'm not sure that you would view Ralcorp as necessarily being a rational competitor with Post over the last year or so. But how do you assess the change if that happens and just to the extent that you and General Mills maybe take some share this year within the category if you both kind of achieve your targets? What does that mean for the rest of the players out there, whether it's branded or private-label?
John Bryant: I can't really talk to Ralcorp or how their strategy may or may not change depending on who may or may not own Ralcorp. At the end of the day, we're driving our business and we know that what drives our business is strong innovation, brand building, nutrition and we're making those investments and improvements in our business and we're seeing the consumer respond to that. So I think there'll always be a part of the Consumer segment that will play on price and private-label will play in that area and we're playing in the added value consumer engagement end of the category and it's working for us.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Can I just sneak in one more and that's just on the regulatory environment. I know maybe 6, 9 months ago when you guys had your recall, the politicians were all over David and it seems like you were unfortunately the bit of a poster child for a while there undeservedly so, in my opinion, but in any case, yet it seems like every day there's another article in the papers about the regulatory environment and the cost. Is that another thing that's kind of -- that maybe isn't within COGS inflation but could be in SG&A inflation?
John Bryant: I think the regulatory environment's coming in 2 different places and one is to the point we've had some unfortunate issues over the last couple of years such as the cereal liner issue. And to Ron's comments earlier, we are making the supply-chain investments to try to protect our source from those sorts of issues going forward. The other regulatory issue is things like restrictions on advertising to kids and so on, and the 4 agency release that came out late last week. And as we look at that, we believe that we make great foods for consumers. We believe that cereal is a low-calorie, nutrient-dense food form. People who eat cereal, whether they're kids or adults, have a lower body mass index than people who don't. And we just quite frankly don't understand why you'd want to restrict advertising on what is essentially a very healthy food to people. So obviously, that can have an impact over the last couple of years. We have made significant changes to our food in terms of reducing sugar, reducing salt. There’s been costs associated with that, that were borne in our P&L through the cost of goods line. And we've moved the spend of some of our brand building for more kid-targeted to mom-targeted and that's resulted in some inflation in our SG&A line as you point out in terms of just higher cost of media. So it is coming through a little bit in our financials. We are moving with it over time. I’m hoping that we can have a good dialogue here about what really is good public policy as we go forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard with from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Can I ask about your international expansion strategy? We're a few years beyond the acquisitions that you made in Russia and China. Perhaps you could comment, sort of in hindsight, what the biggest lessons learned from that from those moves were and how that shaped your strategy going forward. I'm thinking particularly with respect to Brazil.
John Bryant: Right, good question, Alexia. I don't want to talk specific about any individual market. If you look back over the last 3 years or so, we have made a couple acquisitions such as Russia and China and a joint venture with Ulker in Turkey. And I think we've learned some things from that, a part of it is to make sure that when we buy businesses, we buy businesses with a degree of scale and strong brands. And when we do joint ventures that we JV with companies like Ulker, companies that have strong positions in market. So as we go forward, there are some parts of our geographic footprint that we want to improve the footprint and will look to those sorts of joint venture-type ideas and will look to continue to make acquisitions and the extent to which we make acquisitions we want to ensure that we're buying a strong business in that market with strong brands.
Operator: The last question comes from Eric Serotta from Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just wondering whether the restoration of incentive comp accruals had an impact on the year-over-year basis in the first quarter or whether you are accruing in the year-ago at normal levels and the adjustments are really later in the year as results started to disappoint.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, Eric, in the first quarter virtually no impact from the restoration of our incentive compensation accruals. There'll be some impact in the second quarter, but much of it really falls into the back half of the year. And recollect, we communicated in the third quarter the impact of adjusting our incentive compensation accruals downward last year. So virtually nothing in the first quarter. It's all Q2 to Q4.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, and that was, if I remember correctly, for the year you're looking for about 400 basis point drag on internal segment operating profit from restoring IC levels?
Ronald Dissinger: I think what we said, Eric, it was about 6 points of operating profit and then we discussed the impact to the cereal recall and we said that was about 2 points of tailwind for 2011. So the net was about 4 points.
Kathryn Koessel: Thank you very much for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to call me.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-03 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John Bryant - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Kathryn Koessel -  Ronald Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will turn the call over to Kathryn Koessel, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Koessel, you may begin your conference.
Kathryn Koessel: Thank you, James. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today, and welcome to the review of our 2010 fourth quarter results. Joining me are John Bryant, our President and CEO; and Ron Dissinger, our Chief Financial Officer. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Friday, February 11. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. Now let me turn it over to John, who assumed the role of President and CEO at the beginning of the year.
John Bryant: Thanks, Kathryn, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2010.  As this is my first earnings call since my appointment as CEO in January, I wanted to begin by saying that I am honored to step into this role. Kellogg has over a 100-year heritage and some of the most beloved brands in the industry. I am excited about the opportunities we have here at Kellogg as we focus on strategic priorities to deliver long-term growth with the support of our employees around the world.  I'd also like to express my appreciation to David MacKay for his nearly 20 years of dedicated service to Kellogg. We've worked closely together since I joined the company 13 years ago, and I appreciate the support he has provided me along the way. I hope you'll all join me in wishing David all the best in his retirement.  Before I discuss our results, I'd like to address at a high level what we saw in 2010 and the actions we are taking today to position Kellogg for the future. Then Ron will discuss our financial results in greater detail. As you know, 2010 had its challenges. On our third quarter conference call in November, we discussed four major issues that affected our results: decreased innovation, supply chain disruptions, tough comparisons in our core Cereal business and non-measured channels and deflationary pressures. We are well aware of our opportunities and challenges and have already begun to take the necessary steps to position the company for improved and long-term success. First, our categories respond to innovation and brand building. For 2011, we have a stronger innovation pipeline and commercial plans to drive top line growth. We expect an approximate 25% increase in innovation compared to 2009, 2010. We are already receiving positive feedback from our retail partners, who are excited by our innovation pipeline. We look forward to discussing our plans with you in greater detail at CAGNY on February 23. Second, we have increased investment in our supply chain to mitigate potential risks. For example, we have significantly increased our resources to order our suppliers and further increased independent testing of raw materials. We have also invested in additional capacity for Eggo waffles to provide further capacity for ongoing growth.  And finally, we expect to move out of a deflationary cycle. In late 2010, we announced price increases on many products across our categories around the world to help offset the impact of rising input costs. We expect net price realization and positive mix to drive top line growth in 2011. As we look forward, we remain confident about the long-term growth prospects for our business. We believe cereal and snacks are great categories to be in, and the Frozen Foods business provides further opportunities for long-term growth. With that, I'd like to turn to our results, which were in line with our revised full year guidance as provided on our third quarter call. 2010 internal net sales growth was down 1%, and internal operating profit was flat. Currency neutral 2010 earnings per share increased by 6% year-over-year.  Our fourth quarter results also include impairment charges on our China acquisition. We have struggled with our business in China since making a small acquisition of a biscuit business in the country in 2008. Our current business model in China has not proven to be the right entry vehicle. However, we still believe the country is attractive and recognize its importance for future growth. Turning to our net sales by region. In North America, internal net sales declined by 2% for the year. In the fourth quarter, we posted flat performance as we began to see improvement in our Cereal and Frozen businesses. North America retail cereal posted a 3% decline in the quarter against a tough year-over-year comparison of 6% growth. For the full year, internal net sales declined 5% reflecting the deflationary environment throughout 2010 and the impact of the recall on our second and third quarter performance.  While it is early, we are starting to see improved trends in U.S. cereal. In the fourth quarter, we gained 0.1 of a share point in measured channels driven by a 0.6 share point gain in base share. Strong performance from Frosted Flakes and support from our second half 2010 innovation with FiberPlus at 0.4 share points and Cinnabon with 0.3 share points helped drive this improvement. We also saw Kashi gained 0.3 share points for both the year and quarter and return to mid-single-digit growth in the fourth quarter.  As we enter 2011, we have already increased list prices across much of our North America cereal portfolio and have launched a strong pipeline of first-half 2011 innovation. We believe our lineup of innovation will bring additional excitement to the consumer and our retail partners to help drive category growth. While it's early, there is evidence that our customers and consumers are enthusiastically receiving the new innovation, including Crunchy Nut and Special K Oats and Honey. We expect category growth and share gains in 2011 driven by the stronger innovation, brand building and pricing. Turning to retail snacks. Our North America retail snacks internal net sales grew 1% for the year and declined 1% in the fourth quarter against a tough comparative of 5% growth in the fourth quarter of 2009. We gained share in Pop-Tarts, crackers and wholesome snacks in 2010.  Specifically, Pop-Tarts gained two share points in the fourth quarter, including the strong performance of Ice Cream Shoppe innovation, a line featuring improved nutrition and great taste. 2010 makes this Pop-Tarts 29th year of consecutive growth. The excitement around our Pop-Tarts business will continue with our 2011 innovation, including additional flavors of our successful Ice Cream Shoppe range. While Stildor [ph] crackers sales were lower in the quarter, our base sales were up 4%. We were able to maintain essentially flat share in measure channels even as we pull back on tray spend. We started off 2011 with a strong introduction of Special K Cracker Chips.  During the fourth quarter, cookie sales declined low single digits, and our share declined slightly in the quarter. However, our base share grew as we pull back from discounting and our incremental sales declined. In January, 2011, we launched Fudge Shoppe oatmeal, leveraging the strength of the Fudge Shoppe brand.  With double-digit growth for both the quarter and the year, Wholesome Snacks continues to be a bright spot in our snacks business. The category grew 5% in the quarter, and we gained two share points. With additional capacity in 2011 and a solid pipeline of innovation, including FiberPlus caramel coconut bars, we expect ongoing growth in this important business. Our Frozen and Specialty business posted 8% internal net sales growth for the fourth quarter and a 3% sales decline for the year. Driving this increase for the quarter was strong double-digit sales growth from North America frozen foods, driven by the continued successful rebuilding of the Eggo business.  Eggo continues to be one of the strongest brand equities in the Kellogg portfolio. And in mid-December, we were excited to introduce new innovation. Eggo thick and fluffy original and cashew waffles as well as FiberPlus waffles.  Our Veggie business continues to be on trend and we continue to see strong growth in key Veggie segments, particularly Morningstar Farms burgers and entrées. Our Food Away from Home business grew low single digits for the year and was essentially flat in the fourth quarter. Our Foodservice business continues to outperform the industry from both the quarter and the year. Turning to our International business. We posted approximately flat internal net sales results for both the fourth quarter and the year, with Latin America and Asia-Pacific's internal net sales growth offsetting Europe's decline.  The majority of the decline in Europe in the fourth quarter was driven by difficult trading conditions in the U.K. Our share in the U.K. for the year remained approximately flat. Recent price increases to offset inflation and the launch of new innovations, such Special K classes and milk chocolate Krave, should help drive improved sales performance in the U.K. Trading conditions in continental Europe continue to be difficult, reflecting the weak macroeconomic environment.  While relatively small as a percentage of our European business, our Russian business posted double-digit growth in the quarter, driven by almost 30% increase in cereal. While the transition from bulk to packaged snacks is not complete, the Russian Snacks business also delivered sales growth in the quarter. Our Latin America business posted internal net sales growth of 9% in the quarter and 5% growth for the year. During the quarter, the cereal category had solid growth across much of the region, and our Cereal business achieved low double-digit sales growth. This increase was partially offset by softness in snacks in Venezuela, where we can no longer cost effectively import.  As we enter into 2011, we have already taken pricing across the region. We continue to see a positive response to the relaunch of Special K, where we have significantly improved the food. Our first-half 2011 innovations include the launch of Special K fruit and yogurt cereal. For both the quarter and the year, Asia-Pacific delivered 2% internal net sales growth. Strong performance from India and South Africa drove the quarter's growth. Australia Cereal business was down in the quarter, reflecting the continued competitive pricing environment and a 3% decline in the category.  The 2010 cereal innovation of Sultana Bran buds continues to perform well, achieving 1.3 points of market share. The second half 2010 innovation in the Australia Snacks business including additional SKUs of Special K chocolatey mint bars and Be Natural full bars contributed to double-digit sales growth and a 1.9 share point increase in the quarter. We are excited by the launch in Australia of five SKUs of Be Natural cereal in January of this year.  Before I turn it over to Ron to talk about the financial highlights, I want to mention that we expect significantly better top line performance in 2011 due to increased pricing and a very strong innovation pipeline. We started to see a gradual improvement in our business in the fourth quarter. Our initial execution of 2011 commercial plans is progressing well. And while it is still early, our latest innovations in U.S. cereal and snacks appear to be well received. Let me now turn the call over to Ron, who will review the financial highlights of our business.
Ronald Dissinger: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. As John mentioned, our results were in line with the guidance that we communicated on the third quarter conference call.  Net sales for the full year 2010 declined 1% on both a reported and internal basis. For the fourth quarter, reported net sales declined 1%, and internal net sales were flat, due primarily to performance in our core cereal markets. Reported operating profit was down 1% for the year, while internal operating profit was flat as expected. For the fourth quarter, reported operating profit was down 7%. Internal operating profit was down 5% and included an impairment charge for our business in China. I'll discuss the impact of this charge later. Earnings per share grew 4% on a reported basis and 6% on a currency neutral basis for the year. Earnings per share benefited from lapping the costs associated with the bond tender in the fourth quarter of 2009, as well as share repurchases in 2010. Now let me discuss the key components of our financial performance. Slide 10 shows components of our net sales growth for the quarter and the year. Our volume declined by 2.1 points for the year, driven by U.S. cereal, including the impact of the mid-year recall, the supply disruption in Eggo and the ongoing transition from bulk to packaged products in our Snacks business in Russia.  Partially offsetting the volume decline was improvement in price and mix for both the quarter and the year. Price and mix contributed 0.8 of a point of growth for the year and 0.6 of a point of growth for the quarter. Currency adversely impacted net sales by 0.1 of a point for the year and 0.9 of a point for the quarter. Slide 11 recaps our gross profit and gross margin performance. Gross profit declined by 2% for the year to $5.3 billion due to lower sales volume, increased commodity costs and a competitive pricing environment. In addition, the cereal recall adversely impacted gross profit. Internal gross margin contracted by 20 basis points for the year to 42.7%. As planned, we increased our advertising investment in the quarter, ending the full year up mid-single digits. We continue to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of our media investment by engaging consumers through digital and TV media. The North America business drove most of the investment in the fourth quarter as reflected in its operating profit. Now let me turn to Slide 13 to review internal operating profit in more detail across the regions. Internal operating profit was flat for the year, in line with our expectations. In the fourth quarter, operating profit declined 5% on an internal basis, including the impairment of our business in China. Without the impairment, internal operating profit would have been up 1% for the year and up 4% for the fourth quarter.  North America internal operating profit declined 2% for the year. Lower sales volume in our U.S. Cereal business due to the recall and competitive activity were the primary drivers of the decline in profit. These were partially offset by lower incentive compensation costs and lower upfront costs. Internal operating profit declined 10% in the quarter, due primarily to timing of advertising investment.  Europe delivered 8% internal operating profit growth against strong operating profit growth of 7% in 2009. Lower input costs and lower upfront costs were key contributors to profit performance. Internal operating profit increased 36% in the quarter, primarily as a result of timing of advertising costs and lower upfront costs. In Latin America, internal operating profit declined 2% for the year. Commodity costs increased significantly throughout the year. In addition, we experienced a supply disruption in Brazil earlier in the year. For the fourth quarter, internal operating profit increased 46% due to sales growth and a lower upfront costs, which were partially offset by higher input costs.  Internal operating profit declined 30% for the year in Asia-Pacific, including the impairment charge for our China business. Without the impairment, Asia-Pacific internal operating profit would have increased approximately 2% for the year. Lower profit in our China business, combined with increased advertising across the region, also impacted our performance for the year. Slide 14 provides a recap of our cash flow for the year. We delivered 2010 cash flow of approximately $1 billion before a voluntary contribution to the company's pension and post-retirement benefit plans.  In the fourth quarter, we issued $1 billion of 10-year bonds. This issuance provided us with the flexibility to contribute $467 million net of tax to the company's plans with the intent to keep our funding levels at approximately 90% and reduce funding requirements for the next several years. Including the contribution, cash flow for the full year 2010 was $534 million.  Capital expenditures were $474 million, in line with our expectations. We purchased just slightly over $1 billion in shares in 2010, the first year of our three-year $2.5 billion share repurchase authorization. We plan to continue to repurchase shares under this authorization with approximately $800 million in 2011 and the balance in 2012. Now let's turn to Slide 15 to review our outlook for 2011. We are updating our guidance for 2011. Since our third quarter call, our outlook on commodity cost inflation for 2011 has increased. As a result, we expect more net price realization, and we have already announced price increases in many of our businesses.  Volume is still expected to be flat to down slightly. And as John said, we do anticipate mix improvements. We now expect internal net sales growth of 3% to 4%. Internal operating profit is still expected to be flat to down 2%. However, as I said on our last call, this includes a six-point headwind from the impact of re-establishing the incentive compensation plans.  We now expect cost pressures as a percentage of cost of goods sold to be approximately 7% and cost savings to be about 4%. We are approximately 80% hedged on commodities for 2011. Our gross margin is expected to be down slightly for the year and we have included $0.12 of upfront costs in our plan. We expect both brand building and our internal advertising to grow low single digits as we invest behind our brands. More efficient and effective investment, combined with the gradual shift in media mix, allows us to maintain good pressure. Below operating profit, interest expense is anticipated to be in the range of $235 million to $245 million, and the full year tax rate is forecasted to be approximately 30%. Average shares outstanding are still expected to decline by 4% year-over-year as a result of our 2010 and 2011 purchase activity. We continue to expect earnings per share to grow low single digits on a currency neutral basis. In terms of foreign currency impact, the latest spot rates, as shown in our appendix, are estimated to benefit full year 2011 earnings per share by $0.06. Note that this estimate is based on January 31 rates. Currency rates will move around as we progress through the year, so we'll update you each quarter. During the first quarter, we are launching more innovation, but we are also investing to regain our momentum. Also, remember that we had strong earnings per share growth of 27% on a currency neutral basis in the first quarter of 2010. As a result, we expect earnings per share to be down in the first quarter. We expect cash flow to be $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion in 2011, and we expect capital spending to be approximately 4% of net sales. 2011 will continue to be a challenging operating environment, but we believe we are establishing a solid foundation to regain our momentum, deliver our 2011 goals and position the company for long-term growth. With that, let me turn it back to John.
John Bryant: Thanks, Ron. In conclusion, we are excited about the year ahead. 2011 will be a year focused on regaining our momentum and returning to a path of sustainable growth. We are confident that successful execution of our key initiatives, driving innovation, brand building and improving the supply chain will enable Kellogg to deliver value to our shareholders and excite both consumers and our retail partners. We recognize that this process will take time, focus and effort, and we are committed to the task ahead. This is a great company, and I'm excited about the future. We have the right people, resources and strategy in place to deliver on Kellogg's long-term, sustainable growth model. I'd now like to open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: First to start off on U.S. cereal. John, can you talk about kind of the -- how much of a list price increase you've taken sort of a cross in portfolio? It seems like it's been quite different across brands. Can you give a rough approximation of what sort of the actual price component in U.S. cereal could be this year?
John Bryant: I don't want to get into the pricing mechanism by category. What we've said is -- in the third quarter call, we said we're going to go around 200, 300 basis points of price mix. As we come into 2011, we now think that's closer to 300 to 400 basis points. And obviously, the higher cost inflation is driving that. That's across all categories globally, different amounts in different categories, different amounts in different countries. I really don't want to get into the specifics of any one category in any one market.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: My other question just was regarding the U.S. cereal category, and you have some good IRI data today, I just had a chance to get a quick glance at it. But I guess the question being, do you think the category sort of developing the right way? Are you seeing competitive activity reduce from a promotional standpoint? Are you seeing pricing go in place? Just trying to get an assessment of how you see the category at present starting to kind of developing in 2011?
John Bryant: One of the great things, Chris, about the cereal category is it really response to innovation and brand building and ideas. I think what we're seeing here it's early days in January, but we're seeing some good innovation hit the marketplace. We're seeing the consumer respond to that and the categories doing better. It's too early to say how things will evolve as we go through the year, but I think the early signs are very positive.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And you've indicated that you expect cereal category growth in the U.S.? Maybe it's gone a bit too far. Do you expect that there will be volume growth as well this year in the cereal category?
John Bryant: Yes. I think volume is hard to predict, Chris. I think there will be cereal category growth behind the innovation and behind the pricing. I wouldn't want to give you a volume-level forecast for a category.
Operator: And our next question comes from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess just kind of the detailed question on the impairment charge with regard to China. And so, is that a wipeout of goodwill or is it cash or non-cash? And given the difficulties that you've also had in Russia, although that sounds like that's turning around, was there any consideration of a need for a charge there on that acquisition?
John Bryant: I'll let Ron handle the specifics on the China impairment.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, Eric, in terms of the China impairment, it was non-cash. It was a combination of both goodwill, as well as impairment against some fixed assets. I think it's important to note as well, we quantified it from an operating profit perspective. In terms of earnings per share, it's $0.07 of earnings per share. So there's really very little or essentially no tax offset to that charge that we've taken.
John Bryant: And Eric, if you step back from this, and you think about China, it's a relatively small business. It's more of a price-based cookie company in Northeast China, and it really hasn't met our expectations. Having said that, we remain very excited about China as a market long term, particularly in the area of cereal. And we're looking at strategic alternatives for how we continue to progress in a successful way in the Chinese market. If I go to Russia and sort of compare that to Russia, Russia, the business there is a much larger business. It's across three categories. It's a leading company in crackers, strong position in cookies. And a third of that business broadly speaking is cereal, growing at around 20% to 30%. In the Russia case, you've got a much larger business, much more of scale and much more of a Cereal business. And even though it's exposed to bulk biscuits -- we are making less money in Russia than we would've liked, I think the business had much better long-term potential. Just like China, we do an impairment test in Russia at the end of each year. And obviously at the end of last year, it passed that impairment test.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I don't know what the final number was, maybe call it $0.10, $0.11, $0.12 on the recall cost in 2010. But I didn't hear any mention of the expected insurance proceeds in your guidance in 2011. Could you give an update us to how that claim is going?
John Bryant: That is still ongoing, but it's going to take a very long period of time to sort out, Eric. So we have no amount in our guidance for 2011 from that insurance claim.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And then last thing, the pricing -- I guess you didn't want to comment on the cereal stuff, but I think it's probably fair to say that on the green based products, you've taken pricing. Have you seen -- I mean, we know that most of the cereal companies, if not all of them, have followed, but have you seen a follow-up pricing on the Green Bay snacks and stuff?
John Bryant: Again, I don't want to talk about other company's pricing. I think from our perspective, we're seeing that broad based grain inflation. We've taken broad based pricing to help offset that, and we're seeing that work its way through the marketplace.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Palmer from UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Meani Secan [ph] filling in for Dave. It appears that many of the end aisle displays of new Kellogg's cereal seem to be featuring aggressive price points. And we're just wondering, are you being extra careful to price new products correctly to drive new product trial?
John Bryant: I think you were looking in January, I assume you're referring to it, we've had some very good quality merchandising support from retailers. It's important to note that actually from the data we're looking at that our price per pound is actually up in January. What's going on there is a couple of things. One is, we have strong innovation, and retailers are excited by that innovation, and they're giving us excellent quality merchandising. And the second is that we also have the resolution period in January. And as you know, resolutions are a big deal for Special K. I'll give you one example, we moved the Special K price point from $2.49 to $2.99 in January this year on deal, and the business is responding extremely well. In fact, we hit over a 10 share in the early weeks of January on Special K alone. So I wouldn't confuse good retail support with the price discounting. I think we're seeing very strong retail support based on strong ideas and good consumer uptake from that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney from Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I wanted to talk about the kind of systems and management incentives and what not you put in place around quality. I mean when I think about -- you had some good IRI numbers, I think this is a little better than expected quarter, but I think the big question is going to be were these two kind of quality events we had in the past, 18 months, so atypical for Kellogg, were these outlier events or did we misunderstand what Kellogg is and always has been? I kind of -- what have you done? Have you done thinking? Have you been communicating about sort of preventing kind of high-profile letdowns in the supply chain again? And what confidence can you give us that those were kind of outliers and if the extent there weren't -- the right steps have been put in place that that's ancient history?
John Bryant: Jonathan, it's a great question, and we have, as you say a long history as a company of great food quality, food safety heritage. And we've been disappointed by some of the events over the last 18 months or so. And we've gone back into our system and really looked from the top down and bottom up at what else can we do to improve the food quality programs in the company. That's resulted in us putting more resources in place in areas like supply audits, doing more raw material testing and so on. If you look at some of the issues that we've had as a company, they've generally come from the supply base, from outside of the Kellogg facilities themselves. Having said that, I personally have been to just about every Kellogg facility in the Kellogg world over the last six months or so. And there's a tremendous focus in the company to make sure that we are an industry leader in the whole area of food safety. Having said that, there's always risk out there, and we're always looking to mitigate those risks as best as we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta from Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I wanted to circle back on the question on the issue of innovation. You've talked about a 25% increase in innovation for 2011 versus 2009 and 2010 and sort of getting back to 2008 levels of innovation. I'm wondering, what's changed in the innovation process as -- it seems that -- what's changed in the innovation process that gives you confidence in this innovation is sticking and really moving the needle in terms of your overall business, given that the '08 innovation was followed by the SKU rationalization in 2009 and some disappointing or lack of stickiness of some of that innovation?
John Bryant: Eric, a couple of ways of looking at that. One is the increase in innovation in 2011 is getting us back to those '08 levels, which was in line with '07, '06 and '05. So in some respects, '09 and '10 were the anomaly, in that we had less innovation out there. That's because we moved more of our resources towards renovating our foods, reducing sugar, reducing salt, adding fiber and so on. And that was all great renovation and set us up for the long term, but it had a short-term impact in terms of less innovation in the marketplace. As we look at the innovations coming out in 2011, we think that's high-quality innovation, and we've done a few things to improve the likelihood of success of that innovation. One is, we looked at the consumer segmentation in our various markets. Looked at where our portfolio fits on top of that segmentation, looked at the gaps in our portfolio and filled those gaps in. So for example, in the U.S., we don't have that many adult taste-oriented offerings and we're also the little nut-based foods in our cereal portfolio, so Crunchy Nut works. In addition to that, we've been even more aggressive at leveraging great ideas from around the world and great ideas to travel. So Crunchy Nut, the number two brand in the U.K. meant that we had not just a food offering that works but brand positioning that we could pick up and apply to the U.S. market. Same with Mini-Wheats food in the middle. So a combination of, one, you go back and look at five years ago, where we had high levels of innovation that was successfully driving our top line. Second, a far more rigorous review of portfolio and where the gaps are; and third, more aggressive showing of international ideas that work gives us more confidence in the 2011 innovation pipeline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Bivens from JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Two things. You and Dave talked about some of the difficulties you were having in the "non-measured channels." I know that's a bit of a euphemism for a certain retailer. Our understanding is things have gotten worse there, that stockouts are pretty bad, I understand it was to the point where they refused some DSD shipments late in the month of January. How has your business faired there recently?
John Bryant: Terry, I think if you look at the non-measured channels, it's actually been a great source of growth for the company over the last 10 years. The issue that we had in 2010 was partially specific to our company in that we had very strong support in 2009, and we had to lap that very strong support. I think in addition to our specific issues as a company, there have been some broader issues in some of those retailers in that there's been some SKU reductions, some reduction in merchandising space. I think as we go into 2011, we feel better about those non-measured channels. We're seeing some SKUs come back. We're seeing some more merchandizing opportunities. It's hard to look in December, January and take too much away from some specific stock issues. There's been some big snow events even over the last few days have impacted the ability of various companies to ship, so I wouldn't want to extrapolate too far from a few isolated events.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I know the number three player in the industry has from time to time kind of roiled the category. Any repercussions you see to Kellogg? It seems like Post took a heck of a lot of price and got pounded on volume. Does that worry you at all as you look the health of the category going forward?
John Bryant: To come back again to what joined us in category is brand building and innovation, and if you have great brand building innovation programs I think that really excites the consumer, can drive the category, go forward from there. I think on the Post business specifically, you have to ask them about their business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I just wanted to make sure I understood, do you have all of your pricing in place for 2011 right now at retail or is it being staged and there's more to come?
John Bryant: We've taken the vast majority of our pricing, it's been accepted by retailers, and it's in place.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And then secondly, you put out a number, a 7% cost inflation for 2011. I assume that is inclusive of the 80% hedging that you have on. Would you be willing to give us what a total cash unhedged level of inflation would be for 2011?
Ronald Dissinger: There's still some open positions obviously from a hedging perspective. We are 80% hedged at this point in time, slightly above where we were at this point in time last year. Is there any risk that still sits out there from a commodity perspective? Yes, there is, but we expect we'd be able to manage that within the context of our guidance.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: What I was really trying to get at is, let's assume you weren't hedged at all and let's assume that current prices were status quo for the balance of the year, and you never hedged at all, would you expect inflation to be 10%, 12%, 15%, something along those lines?
Ronald Dissinger: It would be higher.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: It would be higher than the 10%, 12%, or 15% or it would be higher than the 7%?
John Bryant: It would be higher than the 7%, our hedges are in the money, but we're not going to quantify by how much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: John, if I look at, let's call if you're able to get through the 400 basis points of pricing or price mix, and you end up with 7% COGS inflation, that about offsets each or more or less sort of dollar for dollar and that allows your productivity and everything to fund all the other things you're doing. And I'm sorry I can't recall, is that similar to how it played out in '08? I think it is, where pricing basically offset your input costs, and then productivity was extra. And do you think that the consumer environment, the retail environment, sort of this time around, openly allows you to do the same thing or was there any discussion of taking a little less pricing and having some productivity fund some of the input cost pressure? How do those discussions get sort of turned around internally?
John Bryant: Yes, I don't think we quite think about pricing that way, Andrew, in that we say, hey, we're going to price to offset inflation. I think the way we work through it is we drive productivity to help offset inflation and then we price accordingly. So when we say 300 to 400 basis points of price mix, that includes an element of mix. So it's not 300 to 400 basis points of pricing as such.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: You see what I'm getting at, just around the consumer environment obviously being potentially different this time around.
John Bryant: I think just on the consumer environment, Andrew, I think it is a difficult environment with unemployment as high as it is. The situation we have though is with grain-based pricing for grain-based inflation. All of the food industry is going to be going up, including meat and poultry and so on as well. So there's not a lot of places for consumer to go for cheaper food than say a bowl of cereal with milk at $0.50 a serve. So it's a relatively cheap serve. So I think we're well positioned from that perspective. And secondly, we're seeing some return at the high end with consumers that we're seeing Special K get some growth back again. Bear Naked and cashew are both up mid-single digits in the fourth quarter. So there's some opportunity there.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: One last one would be, your guidance for 2011, what earnings base is that off of? I assume that's off of the base that you reported, the $0.51 in the fourth quarter, as opposed to, excluding that $0.07 impairment?
Ronald Dissinger: It is off of the earnings per share that we reported. So the $3.30 for the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: So if that doesn't -- obviously it's not expected to repeat this year. Does that just give you that much more flexibility in the model for this year?
Ronald Dissinger: There are a number of things that came into our performance and profit and loss statement as we progress through the past couple of months, including, as we've referenced, the increase in input inflation. So we look at the China impairment and basically have included that in the guidance at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citigroup.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: John, my first question just really details here. Following up on some other folks' questions, data analysis on the U.S. cereal category really does suggest to us at least that the pricing is trending better, such that the category looks like it might be getting more rational. This is not through today's data, I haven't had a chance to review that fully. Do you just fundamentally agree that we are seeing rationality come back into the category? And how would you categorize it at this point taking into account commodities?
John Bryant: I would probably take away it a little bit differently and say that broad-based grain inflation is driving similar response amongst the players in the category that we're all being forced to price to effect that higher cost of goods.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I've noticed that Malt-O-Meal is actually selling at prices below that of private label. How disruptive is this to the cereal category?
John Bryant: Malt-O-Meal is being very aggressive out there, and it seems to be coming at the expense of private label. And if you look in the fourth quarter, private label share was down 40 basis points and down 50 basis points for the full year. So I think there's an issue there really between what we call the price-led segment when we think about Malt-O-Meal and private label together.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Moving to the U.K., you mentioned a few comments in your prepared remarks about this. But have you really begun to see anything positive in terms of trends? When I just look at the sales number in the fourth quarter for Europe overall, maybe perhaps it actually makes me a little nervous. Can you give us a little more color on the U.K. cereal market?
John Bryant: The U.K. has gone through similar dynamics to the U.S. in that the category in 2009 was up 5% to 6%, and then the category in 2010 was down about 3%. We broadly held share in that category, but it's a difficult environment. As we go into 2011, we have taken pricing to offset inflation, and there is significant inflation in Europe particularly around sugar. And so, we've taken that pricing. We've got strong brand building, strong innovation in Special K clusters and milk chocolate Krave in the U.K. Having said that, the first quarter is a tough comp for the Q1 for the U.K. And we've had better trends for the back part of the year. But Europe is going to continue probably be the most difficult operating environment for the Kellogg Company around the world.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Final question for Ron, was China always in your fourth quarter guidance?
Ronald Dissinger: No, it was not in our fourth quarter guidance when we communicated that in the third quarter call. We went through the fourth quarter. We did our normal impairment testing that we do for goodwill across all of our businesses, and it became clear, we obviously did an evaluation of the business performance as well and it became clear that we needed to take that impairment charge.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: So then you would agree with us that adding the $0.07 back versus your prior guidance would suggest that this quarter did come out considerably better than you had originally expected, is that fair?
Ronald Dissinger: The underlying growth or performance of the business did come out better than expected. Yes, that is true.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research: The supply chain investment, you did a really nice job of quantifying a lot of the puts and takes for 2011 here. But I don't know that you actually gave us a number for how much you're investing or spending on the supply chain focusing this year?
Ronald Dissinger: I don't think we've ever quantified that. A lot of the supply chain investment actually occurred in 2010. That would be permanent investment that we'll just carry forward with us. There's a little bit more going into 2011. It's not that significant. Again, most of it is behind us in '10.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: I hate to nitpick with the language, but you said that fourth quarter fundamentally came in better than you thought, but sales were flat. North America cereal, I think down 3%. What was fundamentally better than you thought?
John Bryant: I think as we look at the fourth quarter, we're not saying that we're happy with our fourth quarter performance. We think we need to do better as a company than we did in the fourth quarter and in 2010. I think what we're saying there was against the guidance that we gave at the end of the third quarter, the business did a little bit better than what we guided to. So we obviously have some work ahead of us. We're working on that, we've been through the issues that set us back in 2010, and we recognize that we need to do better in '11 and '12 and beyond.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: Another thing about the guidance for '11 is that you have a lot of reinvestment to do in '11. But quantitatively, brand building, advertising is only up, I think you said, mid-single digits, and your upfront costs are only $0.12 a share. Can you give us a sense of what other investment is going on in 2011 besides those two things?
John Bryant: I think when you look at the company, and you question if we should be spending, say, another $100 million in brand building or something to get the business going, we have over $1 billion, in fact, $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion of advertising spend as a company. And then, we have $300 million to $400 million of additional consumer promotion spend in addition to that. That total brand building spend is about $1.5 billion and that's sort of ballpark. And we're going to grow that by somewhere around $30 million in 2011, ballpark again. As you look at the amount of sheer spend that we have, we spend about twice the average food company on advertising. We have these strong consumer promotion programs. We have a lot of the investment that we need. I think we demonstrated that 2001 through 2009, where we had great performance from innovation, brand building and execution. And that's what we need to get back to. I don't think it's a case of underinvesting in the business. I think we had some other issues in 2010, and we really need to get back to that long-term growth. And we have the fire power in the business to achieve that.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: So the idea is to spend smarter, not necessarily more, but spend smarter and innovate more?
John Bryant: It's about ideas. If you have great ideas, you can drive the business. That's what it comes down to.
Operator: Our next question comes from Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just a follow-up question on sales guidance for 2011. It seems like obviously the delta between what you've given us in the third quarter is mostly price and mix driven and I'm just trying to understand the delta as it relates to what gives you the confidence in that higher sales guidance at this point. Is it more just because of the grain inflation that you think everyone will be more rational from a price perspective? Is it that you feel better about some of the price increases that you've taken already or just from a buying perspective you feel that the elasticity will be better? I guess I'm just trying to understand the delta between where you were three months ago and today.
Ronald Dissinger: Judy, the grain inflation was certainly a factor. I would say the change in our sales guidance is as much price as it is mix driven as well. So price went up a little bit. The fact that commodities have gone up gives us a bit more confidence in that position. The other thing that gives us confidence is the receptivity of our innovation as we put it out into the marketplace and what we've seen from a pricing perspective from other competition within our categories already on the street. So that gives us a bit more confidence in raising our sales guidance at this point in time. And you'll note that from a volume perspective, we're still expecting our volume guidance to be very consistent with what we've communicated before.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just going back to the comment about the non-measure channel, you've talked about the company's specific issues in 2010 or just the lapping of the strong support in 2009 that negatively impacted the 2010 performance for you guys. Does that mean in 2011, we really shouldn't be expecting a very strong snapback in that channel that you wouldn't see the drive but not necessarily a snapback because you've had basically the lapping of the '09 support that dragged your 2010 performance?
John Bryant: I think that's fair. I think the issue here is 2009. As we go into 2011, we think we're building off a strong base in 2010 as opposed to a deflated base in 2010.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just finally on the commodities and sort of the price realization going forward, obviously, if the grain prices continue to move up, I'd assume that that continues to pose some challenges in terms of the industry's need to take more pricing. And typically, you see a lag between pricing and commodities just given how I guess the retails and everyone else is expecting that inflation pressure? Is this time around that the industry can really be much more nimble and quicker in terms of getting all those price increases through?
John Bryant: I can't talk for the industry. I think that comes down to a series of independent decisions that are hard to predict. But our perspective, or my perspective, is that we're looking at long-term commodity inflation. So this is not a 2011 issue. This is going to continue for quite a few years. In fact, in some respects, the recession broke a cycle that was already underway before the recession occurred. And the reason that I say that is, if you look at what's going on right now, supply has come down a little bit. Demand continues to be strong for these grains. Closing stocks are very low. There is something like 40% of the corn crop going into ethanol, and the ethanol supplies are still making money. So this is an ongoing pressure on grain prices, and we think that we're going to be in this environment for several years to come.
Operator: Our last question will come from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: First, in terms of pricing. I just want to make sure I understand. Did you have to go back to some customers and go for a second round of price increases? Or did you just sort of alter what you thought you were going to present relative to what you thought -- might have thought in the fall?
John Bryant: I don't want to get into the exact dynamic of how we did it, but we have had to increase our price expectations between the third quarter call and today. And we've done that in a couple of different ways.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then in terms of just the volume expectation for 2011. In 2010, there were still some trade inventory level issues or inventory level issues that sort of bounced volumes around in a couple of areas, at least quarter-to-quarter. So you sort of get into -- as we think about 2011, are trade inventory levels generally where they should be or are you going to be shipping below consumption in certain markets?
John Bryant: We did end 2009 with inventories higher than we wanted them to be. I'm happy to say we ended 2010 right where we wanted them to be. So I think we're in a much better shape as we come into '11 on the inventory position.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then just a final one, John. Now that you've taken your new role, have you had the time yet or are you in the process of -- are there going to be any organizational changes or personnel changes? Any changes to the organization that are pending or have happened?
John Bryant: Well, there have been organizational changes. Quite frankly they were probably going to occur irrespective of my change in role. But we are looking for a new head of supply chain as a company. We have some internal and external candidates as we go down that path. We haven't fill that role yet. Tim Mosby retired from being the area President of Europe. He'd been in that role for 10 years, did a fantastic job for us. And we're very fortunate to have Steve Twaddell who was right in place and ready to step into that role. The Morning Foods role here in the U.S., which includes cereal, we've got David Denholm stepping into that role. David was running our Asia Pacific business. And when you step back from it, I think we have a great team at the Kellogg Company. We're committed to winning. I feel very good about where we are.
Kathryn Koessel: Thank you, all, for joining us today. Please feel free to call me if you have any questions, and we'll see you at CAGNY on February 23.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn Koessel - John Bryant - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Director Ronald Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President A. D. MacKay - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Robert Dickerson Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co. Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corporation
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company 2010 Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will turn the call over to Kathryn Koessel, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Koessel, you may begin your conference.
Kathryn Koessel: Thank you, Christina, and good morning. Thank you for joining us today, and welcome to the review of our 2010 third quarter results. Joining me are David MacKay, President and CEO; John Bryant, Chief Operating Officer; and Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Friday, November 12. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. Now let me turn it over to David.
A. D. MacKay: Thanks, Kathryn, and good morning, everyone. 2010 has been a difficult, disappointing year for the company. By now there are many questions about what has happened to Kellogg and why and when we expect better performance. We're confident that we can regain momentum as a company, and this confidence comes from an understanding of what has happened in our business over the last two years and a conviction that we're well positioned for the future. To understand our confidence in this future, it is first necessary to recognize what has taken us off course in 2010. And there are four major issues. First, we've had significant issues in our supply chain. We've weathered the two largest recalls in our history during the past two years. We've also been impacted by production challenges in our Eggo facility. We have a long-standing commitment to food quality, and the recent voluntary recalls have demonstrated our commitment to putting consumers first. We've taken steps in our supply chain to mitigate similar potential risks. This includes additional operating expense across 2010 and 2011 as well as slightly elevated levels of capital spending in 2011 and 2012. It is difficult to quantify the true impact of these supply disruptions. There are clearly defined costs associated with the recourse and the softer costs associated with lost sales. To put the impact of these issues into context, we estimate that the various supply disruptions adversely impacted operating expense by $200 million to $300 million over the last two years and impacted capital expenditures by $150 million to $200 million for a total impact approaching $0.5 billion. In addition, there's also the organizational impact of focusing large numbers of internal resources on proactively identifying and resolving issues to mitigate risks going forward. I believe that these supply disruptions clearly distinguish the last two years from the preceding eight years. Second, we've had significantly less innovation during 2009 and 2010. As we enter the recession, we pull back on innovation and drive increased renovation across the portfolio, such as adding fiber to our kid cereals. The renovation has set up our portfolio for the future but did not drive short-term sales performance. The lower level of innovation, combined with these key [ph] rationalization has weighed all our top line growth. It's always difficult to quantify the impact of reduced innovation. But as a guide, we launched about $800 million worth of innovation in 2008. In 2009 and 2010, our innovation was roughly 25% lower than in 2008. The good news is that we are moving forward into 2011 with a wide of innovation that is going to increase significantly. Third, we have some tough comparisons in 2010, both in the overall strong 2009 Cereal category growth globally and in the non-major channel. In 2009, we had abnormally high growth from the non-major channels, as we work closely with some large customers in that group. However, in 2010, I compare this picked up more of the activity that we had enjoyed in 2009. To give you a sense of the impact, we estimate that this has resulted in an approximate 2-point drag on our top line in U.S. Cereal business. I think the last two years have reinforced several key truths regarding the U.S. Cereal category. For most retailers to do well in the category, the key branded players need to excite consumers. And most importantly, the category is driven by health news, innovation and brand building. Promotional activity has not proven to grow the category over time. Fourth and finally, deflation has been an issue at our core Cereal categories around the world. Managing through this deflationary cycle has been much more difficult than we had anticipated. Heading into 2011, we anticipate cost inflation at much greater levels than in 2010. Historically, retailers have accepted price increases to offset cost inflation of this magnitude, and we believe that a combination of pricing, mix and trade spend could yield 200 to 300 basis points of net price realizations for 2011. It is also worth stating what has not impacted Kellogg in 2010. One thing we have not done is cut back on brand building. Instead, we've continued to invest back into our brands as industry-leading levels. So there are several specific issues, which differentiate 2010 from the prior eight years. As we head into 2011, we're confident that we can succeed by playing our game, continuing to invest in brand building and driving sustainable innovation in the marketplace. Despite our long-term confidence, we need to remain pragmatic. It will take time, focus and effort to regain our momentum. We will stabilize our supply chain and mitigate the risks of future disruption. We will ramp up our innovation. We will keep our people focused on the key drivers of our business, and we will add value back into our categories. We believe that we can achieve all of this, but it will not be done overnight. It is not as simple as lapping soft comparisons. Hence, we're providing realistic guidance to 2011 to enable us to regain momentum and get back on track with our long-term sustainable growth model. Now let me turn it over to Ron and John to discuss 2010 and 2011 in more detail.
Ronald Dissinger: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Slide 5 summarizes our third quarter and year-to-date financial results. For the quarter, net sales declined 4% on a reported basis and 2% on an internal basis. The key contributor to the decline was softness in our U.S. Cereal business, including continued aggressive competitive price discounting and the impact from the Cereal recall. In addition, the challenging economic environment in Europe, combined with difficult year-over-year comparisons and a deflationary category in the U.K., contributed to third quarter sales decline. Operating profit declined 5% on a reported basis and 3% on an internal basis. Lower net sales, increased advertising investment and a decrease in operating leverage due to reduced volume in our manufacturing plants, as well as increased costs, contributed to the decline. These items were offset by a significant reduction in our estimated 2010 incentive compensation expense. I'll discuss this in more detail along with the implications for 2011 shortly. Earnings per share declined 4% on a reported basis and 2% on a currency neutral basis. Earnings per share benefited from lower average shares outstanding due to our share repurchases. Slide 6 highlights the components of our net sales performance. Third quarter reported net sales fell 3.6%. Internal net sales declined 2.5% driven by lower volume. The 3.4% decline in volume was partially attributable to the U.S. Cereal business, including the impact of the Cereal recall and in Europe due primarily to the Russia's Snacks business. Partially offsetting the volume decline, price and mix improved by 0.9 points, primarily as a result of better mix in our U.S. Snacks business and pricing in Latin America. Currency adversely impacted net sales by 1.1 points. Now let me turn to Slide 7 to discuss gross profit. Gross profit declined by 5% on a reported basis in the third quarter and 4% on an internal basis. Internal gross margin contracted by 50 basis points to 43.4%. Higher commodity costs and lower operating leverage were the primary contributors to the margin decline. Slide 8 shows our trend in advertising investment during 2010. As planned, we continue to invest behind our brands in the third quarter. Our internal advertising expenditures increased 9%, primarily driven by U.S. Cereal and Snacks, but we also invested behind new product launches in Asia-Pacific and the relaunch of Special K in Latin America. Slide 9 shows our internal operating profit growth by area. Third quarter internal operating profit decreased by 3% against a strong 11% increase last year. We had expected stronger performance as we progress through the back half, but our business has been softer than planned. As a result, we adjusted our incentive compensation costs sharply downward versus target. We estimate that the benefit was approximately 10 points in the third quarter and includes adjustments for our first-half accruals. For the full year, incentive compensation costs will be reduced significantly, so restoring them back to target levels in 2011 will create a significant headwind. In North America, internal operating profit declined 3% against the strong 10% increase a year ago. Lower sales, as a result of increased promotional pricing activity in the Cereal category, the impact of the Cereal recall and a slower rebound in the Eggo business drove the decline. In addition, higher supply chain costs and increased advertising contributed to the decrease. Lower upfront and incentive compensation costs partially offset the decline. Europe's internal operating profit grew by 2% against the 7% growth a year earlier. A mid- single-digit decline in net sales was more than offset by cost of goods savings, lower overhead expenses due to incentive compensation costs and a reduction in upfront costs. In Latin America, internal operating profit declined 18% as a result of increased commodity costs, and in Mexico, incremental operating and distribution costs. In addition, SG&A expenses were higher due to several discrete investments and overhead, inflation in Venezuela and a modest increase in advertising. These items more than offset the mid single-digit increase in internal net sales growth and slightly lower upfront costs. Internal operating profit declined 17% in Asia-Pacific in the quarter compared to a 9% increase in 2009. In the quarter, we invested heavily in advertising to support new product launches across the region. Now let's turn to Slide 10 to discuss cash flow. Our year-to-date cash flow was $827 million, $151 million lower than last year, primarily as a result of lower-than-expected profits. Slide 11 displays our guidance for 2010. On October 21, we lowered our guidance for 2010. The third quarter was softer than we originally projected, and we expect the fourth quarter to be softer as well. For 2010, we expect internal net sales to be down approximately 1%, primarily driven by the continued competitive environment in U.S. Cereal and the challenging environment in Europe. We expect 2010 cost pressures to be approximately 5%, reflecting increased operating costs and lower operating leverage. As a result, gross margin will be flat to down slightly for the year. We expect approximately $0.13 of upfront costs, including costs associated with the implementation of SAP. We still expect to invest in advertising to support our brands at a mid single-digit growth rate for the year. Our internal operating profit is expected to be approximately flat due to lower sales growth and higher cost pressures. Our guidance also includes the benefit of significantly lower incentive compensation costs. We expect full year interest expense to be approximately $250 million, and we estimate our tax rate to be approximately 29%. We have historically targeted a 90% funding level for our pension plans. While asset returns have improved this year, lower interest rates have reduced our funding status. To return to our targeted funding levels, we plan to take advantage of the low interest rate environment and make a voluntary contribution of approximately $500 million net of tax to our benefit plans before the end of the year. This contribution will also significantly reduce the need for required contributions for the foreseeable future. While the contribution provides a positive P&L benefit for 2011, our net benefits expense is still estimated to increase next year. Year-to-date, we have purchased $907 million in shares, and we expect that we will reduce average shares outstanding by approximately 2% for the year. Given our current business outlook, cash flow is expected to be in the $950 million to $1 billion range before the net $500 million voluntary benefit plan contribution. Capital spending is expected to be approximately $470 million for the year, slightly lower than our previous guidance. We expect our currency neutral earnings per share growth to be in the 4% to 5% range. This includes slight improvements in average shares outstanding and our tax rate. Since our guidance is on a currency neutral basis, each quarter, we provide an estimate of the foreign exchange impact on our full year earnings per share. Slide 12 shows our key currencies with 2009 actual rates and current spot rates as of October 26, 2010. Based on these spot rates, we estimate full year 2010 foreign exchange to have a $0.02 unfavorable impact to our reported earnings per share. Now let's turn to Slide 13 to discuss our outlook for 2011. We recognize that 2011 will be a year of regaining our momentum to put us back on the path of sustainable growth. As a result, we developed a realistic outlook for the year. We expect internal net sales to grow low single digits. Based on our growth algorithm and estimated cost inflation, the company's sales growth is estimated to be more price driven with some contribution from mix. We expected volume may be flat to down slightly. Internal operating profit is expected to be flat to down 2% or down slightly. Let me explain our operating profit outlook in more detail. As previously discussed, we have a significant headwind to re-establish our employee incentive compensation plans back to target levels. This adversely impacts 2011 operating profit growth by approximately six points. On the positive side, we do expect operating profit to benefit approximately 2 points from lapping the hard costs of the Cereal recall. The net impact of these two items is a 4-point headwind. The continued rebuild of our Eggo business will contribute modestly to sales growth, but the impact to operating profit is not significant due to the reinstatement of marketing investments. We expect cost pressures to be approximately 6%. Our cost pressures are partially offset by approximately 4% from cost savings programs. We anticipate gross margin to be up slightly year-over-year and we are approximately 40% hedged on commodities for 2011. We anticipate $0.12 of upfront costs, including costs associated with the reimplementation of SAP, and we expect internal advertising to grow in line with sales. Below operating profit, interest expense is anticipated to be similar to 2010, approximately $250 million. And the full year tax rate is forecasted to be approximately 30%. We are planning to give 2011 cash flow guidance next quarter. However, we do expect cash flow to be greater than the $1 billion. We expect capital spending to be approximately 4% in 2011 at the high end of our 3% to 4% range. We plan to continue to execute a $2.5 billion three-year share repurchase authorization. Average shares outstanding are expected to decline by approximately 4% in 2011. We expect earnings per share to grow low single digits on a currency neutral basis. In terms of the foreign currency impact, the latest spot rates as shown on Slide 12 are estimated to benefit full year 2011 earnings per share by $0.08. Now let me turn it over to John to discuss our North America and International business.
John Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Slide 14 shows our top line results for North America. Internal net sales declined 3% in the third quarter and were down 2% year-to-date. The decline was primarily driven by Retail Cereal and a slower than expected recovery of our Eggo Waffle business. Turning first to North America Cereal. Internal net sales for the North American Retail Cereal business decreased by 6% in the third quarter. The decline in the third quarter can be explained in part by the following factors. First, the Cereal category remained soft in the quarter. We estimate that Cereal category sales were down approximately 3%. Our shipments were down 6% in line with our consumption. Second, roughly 75% of our decrease in consumption was due to the recall. The recall hit us at the worst possible time, as the three brands impacted by the recall, Froot Loops, Corn Pops and Apple Jacks, were the cornerstone of our back-to-school program. Following the recall, we tried to rework our promotional plans. However, compared to this, we're more aggressive than we expected. Our share declined by approximately one point in the third quarter, all of which was a result of the recall-impacted brands. And finally, as David mentioned in his opening remarks, we have also been adversely impacted by less support from non-measured channels in this year. The impact of the recall is masking some underlying strength in our business. The Special K franchise remains healthy, and recent second quarter innovation continues to perform well. FiberPlus and Cinnabon cereals, introduced at the end of June, gained 0.5 share points and 0.3 share points, respectively, during the third quarter. Kashi and BearNaked continued to gain strength with a 0.3-share-point gain driven by GOLEAN and BearNaked granola. Our Canadian business was another bright spot in the quarter. The Cereal category was up approximately 2%, and Kellogg grew 4%, resulting in a 1-point share gain. Driving this growth was the success of Mini-Wheats Mini Bites, which gained a share point in the quarter. We are excited about our 2011 innovation calendar. We are leveraging proven ideas from around the world. Beginning in January, we planned to launch crunching up in the U.S. This brand is our second largest brand in the U.K. with nearly an 8 share of market. We will also launch a very successful Special K oats and honey line expansion, which is already achieved over a share point in the U.K. And we will continue to bring news to our Mini-Wheats franchise. This represents the strongest innovation pipeline for North America Cereal in the last five years. It also reflects our belief that the only sustainable way to grow the Cereal business is by exciting the consumer to innovation, health news and strong brand building. Turning to Slide 16. You can see that North America Retail Snacks posted flat internal net sales growth for the third quarter and 2% growth year-to-date. On Slide 17, you can see that we achieved a broad-based growth across the Snacks portfolio with the exception of cookies. Pop-tarts are up in the quarter and continue to gain nearly a point in share despite lapping aggressive promotions a year ago. Brand building in the quarter included the excitement surrounding the opening of a Times Square store in New York City. Our stores [indiscernible] were up low single digit in the quarter. Our share gain of 0.2 points in the quarter was driven by strength in our Cheez-It, Wheatables and Town House brands. Town House Flatbread Crisps, launched in late June, continue to perform well. We are excited about our 2011 innovation, which includes Special K cracker chips. We believe healthier snacking alternatives will present a significant growth opportunity for the company. The strong performance across our Snacks business was masked by a weaker performance in cookies in the quarter. This business has been adversely impacted by several retailers rationalizing a slowdown [ph]. We are starting to see a reverse in this trend as it has not helped the category. Also, while our cookie sales were down in the quarter, this was largely due to lower incremental sales. Our base sales were relatively flat. Our Wholesome Snacks business continue to deliver solid results in the quarter, led by the strengths of Nutri-Grain bars, FiberPlus bars and Special K Fruit Crisps. We delivered mid- single-digit internal net sales growth and gained 0.4 share points. We are actively working to add capacity across our Wholesome Snacks portfolio to improve service levels, better supply the market and further accelerate our top line growth. Our Frozen and Specialty business posted an overall decline of 5% in internal net sales for the quarter and a 6% decline year-to-date. Third quarter top line growth for North America Frozen reflected the slower than anticipated rebound of our Eggo business. Customers are not resetting their shares as quickly as we had expected, and the pace of consumers response is slower than projected. We are confident that the business will return to previous sales levels over time. We are accelerating our growth with an exciting innovation calendar of new products. Our recent introduction of Cinnabon pancakes continues to perform well, and we plan to launch Eggo thick and fluffy original and Cinnabon brand sugar waffles, as well as several SKUs of FiberPlus Eggo waffles in mid-December. In addition, our Veggie Foods business performed well, and we have strong innovation programs for 2011, including two varieties of Morningstar biscuits. Our Food Away From Home business also grew modestly year-over-year. Turning to our International business. Our total International internal net sales decreased 2% in the quarter against a 6% increase a year ago. On a year-to-date basis, International internal sales were flat, masking 0 growth of 2%. Snacks sales were down, largely driven by Russia and Venezuela. Our business in Europe continue to have good share performance despite an internal net sales decline of 5%. In the U.K., our consumption was down 5% against a tough 9% growth a year ago. Despite lower consumption, we held share in the category, which is suffering significant price discounting similar to the U.S. We have an exciting range of innovation in the U.K. for 2011, including Special K clusters and milk chocolate Krave, which will help drive the category. In France, our second largest European market, our consumption remains strong with solid share growth. However, in the third quarter, changes made by the trade resulted in a reduction of a week of inventory, which contributed to a 6% decline in net sales. Similar to last quarter, Russia experienced strong growth in Cereal, up 38%. And Snacks, while improving, was still down over 20%. For 2011, we expect Europe internal net sales to grow modestly as the region remains a difficult operating environment. In Latin America, our top line increased 5% compared to a 9% increase a year ago. There were strong Cereal growth across the region with Cereal sales up 8%, mitigating a decline in the Snacks business. A decline in Snacks is largely driven by Venezuela, where we import products for Mexico and have been impacted by changes in exchange rates. Note also that in the quarter, our business in Puerto Rico was impacted by the U.S. Cereal recall, which dampened our growth. In August, we relaunched Special K in Mexico, Central America and Colombia. The Special K franchise is responding well in fruit food, price points and media support. For 2010 and 2011, we expect to deliver mid- single-digit internal net sales growth in Latin America driven by strong underlying Cereal growth. Asia-Pacific delivered internal net sales growth of 2% with strong performance across Asia and South Africa. In Australia, we gained share behind the successful launch of Sultana Bran Buds, which achieved an excess of a share point in the quarter. For Asia-Pacific, we expect low to mid- single-digit internal sales growth in 2011, as we continue to see strong category growth across most of Asia and South Africa, offset by slower growth in Australia and Japan. On Slide 20, I'd like to make one final point. We expect 2011 to be one of our strongest innovation years ever with estimated net sales from innovation up at least 25% over 2010. Now let me turn it back to David.
A. D. MacKay: Thanks, John. While 2010 has been a difficult and disappointing year for the company and our shareholders, we remain confident in our long-term future. We are addressing the major issues that took us off course in 2010. We're stabilizing our supply chain and mitigating the risk of future disruptions. We're ramping up our innovation, and we're adding value back into our categories. We are also fully aware of the tough consumer and economic environment in which we are competing in operating and the degree of volatility that this environment can create. However, we remain positive about 2011 and the future. We expect our core Cereal markets to see category growth with a combination of innovation, price, mix and trade. All of our products offer a strong value proposition, and our heritage as a health and wellness company is aligned with current consumer needs and demographic trends. Regaining our momentum will take time, so we're providing pragmatic guidance for 2011. Our outlook reflects our intent to do what is necessary to get Kellogg back on track. I'd like to thank all Kellogg employees for their hard work and dedication. I'm confident that by working together, we will effectively execute our plans to grow the business and get back to our long-term growth model. And now I'd like to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: David, just in terms of the issues that you've talked about, and obviously, you've talked about in terms of a timing perspective that the recovery may take some time before we really see the visibility and the underlying business getting better. But maybe you can elaborate a little bit on just in terms of when you think about the four buckets of the issues, is there one bucket or the other that may take a quicker in terms of course correcting? And then as you think about the milestones that we should monitor going forward, is it first just innovation really driving better top line improvement and then overtime, as some of these investments in the supply chain goes away and then you'll ultimately see margin expansion over time?
A. D. MacKay: Yes, I think if you talk about the four key issues, the supply chain related to the recall et cetera, clearly, that's going to take some time. We're already on it. And through 2011, we believe we'll have everything we need done behind us. The innovation, we're coming into 2011 with a very, very strong list of innovation. So I think as we start the year, you'll see that kick in very strongly. The comparatives will clearly -- they're going to be easy next year given the tough year we've had this year. And I think the learnings we and our trading partners have had across these will help both of us as we go through 2011. So I think that will be relatively fast. And then the deflationary environment, harder for us to truly predict what will happen there. But clearly, with inflation coming back fairly significantly as we speak, we do expect that we will see a fair amount of a net price realization, 200 to 300 basis points. So most of these are we're already working on or have in play. We'll start in 2011. Some will take us time through 2011 to fully complete.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And if I can just follow-up quickly on innovation. It sounds like you're really excited about the pipeline that you're looking at 2011. Yet, when you think about the volume outlook, it sounds like you're still kind of looking for flattish volume performance in 2011. So given sort of the robust pipeline of innovation that you have in the market or you're planning in the marketplace, what's kind of holding you back in terms of seeing more of the volume improvement in 2011? Is it the consumer? Is it just takes some time for you to just step back into some of the merchandising programs at retail and others?
John Bryant: Judy, it's John. I think it's a great question, and we are excited about our 2011 innovation plan. I think it takes us back to the levels we're doing back in 2007 and 2008 time period, and we had demonstrated over the years innovation can absolutely drive our top line and drive volume. I think we're trying to be pragmatic that are going into a year, where we're planning to have 200 to 300 basis points of price realization as a company, clearly, that's going to be weigh a little bit on volume going other direction. So as we get our guidance to 2011, we're trying to be pragmatic.
Operator: And our next question comes from Diane Geissler of CLFA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Just I guess when it look at your guidance and I appreciate your previous answers, so maybe this is a little bit redundant. But can you just tell me how pragmatic is pragmatic because it seems like what you're highlighting here in terms of your innovation is significantly better than what we've seen in the last couple of years. And I guess I sort of look at that as that's really kind of what's going to turn things around. Is it just the retail environment is just so still so competitive or you're coming off a really tough year, so you want to be as conservative as possible?
John Bryant: I think it is fair to say that 2010 was a pretty tough year for the company. We had to work through a variety of issues as they went through in the opening remarks. I think we do have confidence in our ability to get back on our long-term growth targets over time and return the business to long-term growth. I think that there are -- as we go through the issues in 2010, we understand what they are. We're addressing them. We're confident in the future. 2011 is about stabilizing and reinvesting back in our business and regaining momentum. So I think given the issues we've had in 2010, we're just being very realistic on the 2011 outlook.
A. D. MacKay: Yes, and I think, Diane, I would just add that the consumer environment with unemployment at the levels it's at by [indiscernible] in Europe is being very tough through 2010. We're not anticipating a massive change as we look at 2011 at this point.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So to the extent we see any state of recovery, then that would be, I guess, sort of upside to what your current view point is?
A. D. MacKay: Yes, it may help, yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: David, I think it makes sense to be very conservative in guidance for next year, but I have a couple of questions. One is a lot of these decisions about being cautious on innovation for two years. And then also, just in the management of the supply chain, there's people behind those issues. And I'm just wondering, are you satisfied with the team that you have in place and the processes you have in place? Or do you think there needs to be some kind of a shakeup in order to get back on track? And then secondly, I get a lot of calls, I'm sure a lot of people do, about the selling of stock that you're doing, of Kellogg stock. And I'm just wondering, maybe you could just put us at ease here and just say, is this part of just like a normal state planning that you do every year? And is it kind of out of your control? Or how much control do you have of that selling?
A. D. MacKay: Yes, I think firstly, on the general management issues, we've had nine years of great performance, and 2010 clearly is a disappointment for us all. I think the hardest thing for a management team and in coming to do when faced with a disappointing year is to step back, understand and confront issues that have taken them off track. The team has done that. We understand what the issues are. We're in the process of fixing them and moving forward to address them. We're going to stabilize the business. We're reinvesting in innovation. We're going to keep our brand building going so. We do believe we're regaining momentum through 2011. And hopefully, that will get us back to our long-term targets as soon as possible. Really, I think the confidence in the company is very strong. If you ask about I exercise some options, I have a lot of stock. The bulk of my personal work is clearly tied up in Kellogg. I remain very committed to the company, so I don't think anyone should take any single way from that at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America and Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: David and John, just I'd like to get your perspectives on as you went into the planning cycle for 2011, was there any consideration about maybe adjusting or changing the long-term growth objectives? And the reason why I ask that is you look at some of the things that have dragged your business over the last two years. Some of it is cyclical, right? In a good economy, sales are better, but it allows the economy -- sales are actually weaker, so maybe there's more of a cyclical element to your business than we all appreciated and maybe you did. And then, secondly, part of the SKU rationalization, I guess, is tied to some of the -- that has occurred, has been tied to maybe some of the new product innovation that you've done in the past that didn't stick as well. And also, the supply chain issues maybe suggest that you've got to spend a little bit more on supply chain than you were. So just curious in terms of whether there was a serious debate about changing the long-term objectives and what held in your confidence level and that may not have to be adjusted in the future?
A. D. MacKay: Yes, Bryan, I wouldn't call our categories cyclical. I think, if anything, what we saw in 2009 was a significant increase in the category growth. To the extent that when we came into '10, we, probably looking backwards, underestimated the benefits of that in '09. And therefore, the impact is a category readjusted in 2010. The deflationary environment that we've seen this year is not typical for the category, and we believe that that will reverse. So I don't think there's anything fundamental about the category. We feel great about our brands and the categories. And the most important thing is we do have a clear understanding of what we need to do to succeed going forward. It will involve some investment in our supply chain. We think that's appropriate. But I don't think it really changes our desire to get back onto our long-term guidance. And we have the confidence that if we do the right things for the business, which is why we're calling it pragmatically for '11, that we can over time, hopefully as soon as possible, get back in our long-term guidance.
Operator: And our next question comes from Edward Aaron of RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just was hoping to maybe get some comments on the pricing environment relative to where you've had expected it to be. 90 days ago, I think you talked a lot about on the last call about starting to see some improvement in the fourth quarter. It seems like that's starting to happen, but curious to know where that's shaping up relative to what you had expected. And then also, as a follow-up to that, the disruption in your promotional program that you discussed with back-to-school, has that caused you to turn around and promote back a bit more aggressively in the near term than you might have thought on your last conference call?
A. D. MacKay: No, Ed, well, I think, really, we underestimated the impact of the recall on our back-to-school. That really did hurt us in Q3, and I think John went through that. As far as the pricing in the category, I think it's remained deflationary a little bit longer than we had anticipated. I have to say we're being as rational as we believe we need to be going forward. And on the pricing environment, we can't comment on specific pricing actions, but I think the experience has shown us that the deflationary environment hasn't helped the category. I think John mentioned we believe this is the best sustainable way to grow the categories to excite consumers. I think our innovations are going to do that. Some health needs are going to do that. Strong brand building is going to do that. We're going to pull all those leaders. And we didn't mention we expect 200 to 300 points of net price realization from a variety of factors, including innovation, price, mix and trade. So we feel good about 2011. The deflationary environment were a little bit longer than we thought in Q4.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Dickerson of Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson: I just had a quick question around the volume growth. I know when you referred to the 200 to 300 basis points of price next year, I guess the assumption is that there will be some volume weakness. And I know we've gone over this a little bit already on the call. But just all in, what's happening, I guess, at retail? So if you have so much innovation coming, you would expect all things being equal with essentially just a base volume or just a stare volume base that the volume should still just be growing. Are there other products that will be coming off? I mean, is there a continued SKU rationalization? Or are there lower margin products that are being cut as you add the new products?
John Bryant: I think as we add the new products into the categories, I don't think the retails are necessarily going to increase the shelf size because there's new innovation coming. And I think what the retails will do is take some of the slower turning items off and swap these in. Some of those might be out, some of those might be competitive. So I think that trade inventory should they feel like is going to be some in, some out.
Robert Dickerson: And then another quick one. It looks like in the quarter, there is about $640 million in share buyback, of which I believe according to my Math, there was about $250 million of that, though, went to option exercises and what you stated before, I mean, should the expectation on R&D going forward at least for 2011 that there should be less going to option exercises? Or is that you just have no weighted now?
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, it's difficult. this is Ross. It's difficult to know exactly how much of we executed in terms of options. It depends upon the stock price, obviously. And just on what we repurchased in the quarter, it's more like $550 million. We had some repurchases at the very end of Q2 that were reported in Q2. So we've got about $550 million in the third quarter. We've repurchased over $900 million for the year-to-date. We're likely to repurchase a bit more before the end of the year, giving us a 2% benefit to our average shares outstanding for the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tim Ramey of D.A. Davidson.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.: So the decision to emphasize renovation was probably spot on at the time. And I'm just wondering, what confidence do you have to move to innovation now? Are you going to be providing sort of innovation on the cheap to customers and sort of not crowding them out of the market with sort of higher priced innovation?
A. D. MacKay: Tim, I think when you reflect back when the recession started, the general consensus as people look back and what has happened in prior recessions was that there would be a significant drop off in consumer interest on products they weren't familiar with. I think a lot of the food and beverage manufacturers eased back somewhat on innovation as a result of that, believing that it wouldn't be as beneficial as it had been in good times. As we did the same thing and we've looked at what's going on in the marketplace in that category specifically, as we've discussed with our trading partners, there has clearly been too much of a pullback, not only by Kellogg, but by many companies on innovation. I think our trading partners want it. I think consumers want it, and we are absolutely of the firm belief that that will help grow their category and grow our business. So we're going to be back in full stream as we come into 2011.
John Bryant: And, Tim, just to add, across 2002, 2008, innovation was a key driver of our top line sales, and it helps the categories -- it gives the category [indiscernible] fuel back into the category, so it's not just within the category dynamic, but bringing people outside the category back in. And what makes us excited about our 2011 program is we're taking some of the best ideas that have work around the world and bringing those ideas to the U.S. for the Cereal category and that we feel very confident in that program.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you talk about the promotional environment in -- the or compare the promotional environment in the traditional retailers versus the non-measured channels? And what is it going to take for you to get back on track on the non-measured channels because it seems like that was also a weakness that you pointed out?
A. D. MacKay: Yes, I'm not sure that we would necessarily highlight any major difference between measured channels and the non-measured channels from a promotional perspective. I think as both manufacturers and retailers have tried to keep customers loyal or draw customers in their door, we've all had probably a slightly heightened level of a price-based promotion, and I think that's really not worked very well for manufacturers or for retailers. On non-measured channels, I think exactly the same as measured channels, they're excited to see more innovation come back. They want to support that because they know that's going to bring consumers in their door and grow the categories in a positive and sustainable way.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And just a follow-up, to what extent did the retailers participate in the promotional activity versus company specifics, a Kellogg, for example? Was it shared? And is that one of the reasons why the volume next year maybe a little bit more -- will it be flattish? Is that the right interpretation because the retailers promoted as well and now they're not going to be promoted as well, so the volume was a little bit better. And it makes it harder on the volume side. Or is that just a misinterpretation?
A. D. MacKay: Well, I think, Ken, it's clear that retailers did promote along with companies. I'm not sure what they're going to do next year and very hard to actually discern what they'll do and what the impact on volume will be. We're just talking from a Kellogg perspective when we give that indication.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: When we think about, I guess, the overall marketing spending in 2011, I think you said you expect advertising to be up more or less in line with sales. Potentially some trade spend benefit to the net price realization. So are there other sort of big buckets around the consumer spending or that I'm missing in what I'm just trying to get a sense of overall marketing next year? Or are you relatively happy with the absolute levels you're at and just a matter having some new products and things to spend behind that consumers actually want?
A. D. MacKay: I think, Andrew, as we're through late 2009, 2010, we undertook a lot of work looking at how we could drive efficiency in commercial production working with our agency partners. We actually went through an extensive review of media buying practices. You will see a significant shift toward digital in 2011, which I think will be very beneficial. But to answer your question, as we look at the magnitude of amount of spend, we feel comfortable with it. We believe we're supporting the innovation in our brands appropriately to ensure that our message has get through to consumers. And really, it's been an optimization approach through the last 12 months. It's put us in that position.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: I guess the reason behind the question is partly also from an overall category standpoint, which is the more room or flexibility Kellogg gives itself to kind of regain momentum through spending behind innovation and whatnot, that either has a positive effect on the overall category or it can be used to just target, hey, we got to get back share here and now because we're coming from a tougher place, and we'll worry about kind of others in the overall category later. But at least from the comments around spending and levels, right, it would seem like it's more of the -- I can't remember, was this the former or the latter now. But anyway, the one around the overall category as opposed to just going back to where we were over the last couple of quarters.
A. D. MacKay: Yes, I think certainly, outside because it's on exciting consumers through a great innovation and brand building. Actually, we tried to help see the category grow, and that's really our focus. And I think that will be more and more our customers and retailers focus as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: A question on the recall and the consumers that were buying Eggo and couldn't buy Eggo and same thing in Cereal. Do you have a view into where they went and what they bought? I know you mentioned some height levels. Cereal promotional spending around back-to-school suggests they went to some of your competitor brands, but do you know where they are? And how is your plan to get them back? How do you deal with that?
A. D. MacKay: Yes, I think given we were very proactive and voluntarily recalling the products, most of our consumers, I think, when the product is back and available will return to it. The back-to-school was quite painful because there's the time when the Cereal products most impacted by the line of quality issue. Orders had significant display and that we missed all of that and our competitors opportunistically picked it up. So while it hurt us for the quarter, we don't see any long-term issues. Same is true on Eggo. We anticipated customers' shop resets [ph] to be complete through Q3. Some of that's gone into Q4, but it's progressing well. Consumers are coming back a little more slowly. And part of that is because in many instances, the number of SKUs and the availability is, in fact, to where we'd like it to be. So you add those two things together. We see Eggo also returning strongly to growth in Q4 because [indiscernible] likewise improving as we go through 2011.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research: I want to focus in on Latin America, which does seem to come under some pressure particular on the profit side this quarter. Could you talk a little bit about what's changing down there and whether -- I know you mentioned snacking volumes were weak. Is that a consumer issue? Is it a competitor issue? And more importantly, could you actually -- you mentioned a number of factors that were driving the decline in profitability this quarter; commodity costs, Mexico marketing distribution, the investments and overhead and the inflation in Venezuela. How long do you anticipate that each of those factors will persist? Or are some of them going to go away fairly quickly?
John Bryant: Good question, Alex. If I look at the top line drivers, the Cereal business in Latin America was actually quite strong in the quarter of 8%. The issue that we had was more in the Snacks business, particularly in Venezuela. Their issue, as we produce in Mexico and I have to import into Venezuela. And of course, with the exchange rates and transfer of currencies, that business has gone down sharply, given the pricing we've had to take to maintain a positive gross profit. So that online Cereal business is doing well. That's why we have confidence in mid- single-digit growth this year and mid- single-digit growth next year. I think the issue on Latin America more broadly is where the operating margins are, and that's come down over the last couple of years. We're very comfortable delivering operating margins that we have today in Latin America. We think we can keep those margins going forward. So while there's some volatility from one quarter to the next because of timing in various expenses, we're very comfortable with the ability to sustain the current margin structure on Latin America.
Operator: And our last question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I wanted to go back over some of the Cereal recall items. Ron, can you talk about the Cereal recall from the perspective of breaking it down into what was the cost of the recall itself and then what's the lost amount of sales? So I'm looking for a full year quantified impact on those two pieces. And then also, the EPS. I don't think you said it on this call. Last call, you called it out at minus $0.12 for the year. Can you update us on that as well?
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, recollect when we communicated the impact of the recall on the second quarter, we talked about $0.10 of impact from the recall, and about $0.08 to $0.09 of that are hard costs, the actual product value and then fees to recover the product as well with about $0.01 of the estimated lost sales as well. As we look into Q3, Q4, we said there's another two $0.01, essentially a $0.01 per quarter. It's very difficult to try to alter that estimate or quantify the impact of back-to-school has had just directly as a result of the recall. So we're still on about $0.12 across the year with about $0.08 to $0.09 being hard costs.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: My follow-up is just simply to David. Given the magnitude of the Cereal recall, I still am struggling a bit with the volume guidance. Wouldn't that alone put the volumes up year-over-year because of the enormity of the recall?
John Bryant: I think you're going back to what Ron said in terms of the impact of the recall. The hard costs, $0.08 to $0.09. Is not really volume-related. So we did have an impact from the recall on top line because it disrupted our marketing programs. Obviously, that will help us as we go into 2011. Again, we're trying to be pragmatic because of the level of pricing expectation across the total company of 200 to 300 basis points. In this current environment, that has a degree of volume risk to it. So we're trying to be realistic as we pull together our 2011 plan.
Kathryn Koessel: Thank you all for joining us today. Please feel free to call me with any follow-up questions. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. Again, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-30 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn Koessel -  John Bryant - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Ronald Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President A. D. MacKay - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank
A. D. MacKay: Thanks, Kathryn, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results were modeled and expected, reflecting weakness in the Cereal category, combined with the impact of our voluntary cereal recall at the end of June and softness in that area of business.  The weakness in the Cereal category have the greatest bearing on our Q2 results. Throughout the first half of the year, we talked about the challenging Cereal category and deflation. Our results and those of other cereal manufacturers reflected this trend. Although we anticipated a difficult quarter, the severity of the impact to our business was greater than we expected. Our low cereal sales resulted from difficult year-on-year comparables, the cereal recall and inventory reductions. John will talk about these in greater detail.  We continue to feel confident in the Cereal category and believe trends will begin to improve in the back half of the year. Let me talk briefly about the voluntary cereal recall, which was due to an item that came from the line up. While we had relatively few complaints at the time of the recall, we knew that removing the production store shelves was the right thing to do for our consumers. The cost was high, the total anticipated EPS impact for the year including lost sales is approximately $0.12. And we're currently pursuing all legal recourse to recoup the cost.  Over the past 18 months, we've experienced two events that have adversely affected our business. The payment-related recalls at the end of 2008 and the recent cereal line of recall. We're frustrated by these business disruptions, both supply related, but I can confidently say that they were unrelated to one another and unrelated to our cost savings programs. And when it comes to quality and food safety, over the last few years, we've actually increased our vigilance and ramped up our investment across the company.  What these issues do have in common is the pressure that they place on our resources, both time and money. While we're working to minimize the impact, they will cause disruption to our business, our employees, our customers and our consumers and to this quarter, to our total company results. The weakness in our Cereal business in Q2, combined with the size of the cereal recall, drove our decision to call down our 2010 guidance. It has always been our intent to take a realistic, open and pragmatic approach to running our business for the long term. This call down, while disappointing, will ensure that we can continue to do the right things for the long-term health of the business. As we said at the beginning of this year, we expect a stronger back half as we anticipate category trends will gradually improve. Of course, this will not happen overnight. We also expect to have stronger innovation in the second half of the year.  We just introduced FiberPlus cereal at the end of June, with strong initial results. And our Snacks business has launched a strong line-up as well. And we will continue to invest in our business through increased advertising. John will review the business in more details shortly. Even though we had a tough quarter, we feel good about the underlying health of our business and the remainder of the year.  And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Ron to discuss our financials.
Ronald Dissinger: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone. Let me begin with a summary of our second quarter and first half results on Slide 4. As we have mentioned, we expected to have some tough comparisons in the first half, as well as some challenging operating conditions across our business. What we did not anticipate was the degree of weakness in the Cereal category and, of course, the voluntary cereal recall in June that directly impacted our results. For the quarter, net sales declined 5% on a reported basis and 4% on an internal basis. Approximately one point of the sales decline was attributable to the recall. The softness in the Eggo business also contributed roughly one point to the decline in sales. The remainder was primarily due to weakness in our U.S. and U.K. Cereal businesses and the reduction of cereal inventory levels in the U.S. Operating profit for the quarter also fell as a result of lower net sales, the recall and an increased investment in advertising. Operating profit was down 13% on a reported basis and down 11% on an internal basis. Earnings per share declined 14% on a reported basis, and 11% on a currency-neutral basis. The recall reduced operating profit by approximately 10% and earnings per share by $0.10, including loss sales in the quarter. As we look at recent consensus estimates, we recognize that it was difficult to estimate the impact of the recall, given that we provided no guidance until today. The accounting rules required us to book the majority of the impact in the second quarter. We also expect a small impact in the third quarter. For the first half, internal net sales declined 1%. However, year-to-date internal operating profit was up 3% and currency-neutral earnings per share grew 7%. Excluding the impact of the recall, internal net sales would have been flat. Internal operating profit would have increased approximately 8%. And earnings per share would have increased approximately 12% on a currency neutral basis. While sales were softer than expected without the recall, year-to-date operating profit and earnings per share would have been in line with our previous full year guidance. On Slide 5, we'll walk through the components of our internal net sales performance. On a reported basis, our second quarter net sales declined by 5.2% year-over-year. Internal net sales declined 3.9%. The following components contributed to the overall change. Lower volume reduced our internal net sales by 4.5 points, our lower volume performance was impacted by three different factors. Over two points of the total company volume decline was attributable to our U.S. Cereal business, which included approximately one point from the recall. Softness in the Eggo business contributed one point and the continued transition from bulk-to-packaged products in our Russia Snacks business contributed another point to the decline.  Volume across the remainder of our business was relatively flat. Price and mix were positive and contributed 0.6 points of growth and currency negatively impacted growth by 1.3 points. Now let me turn to Slide 6 to discuss gross profit. On a reported basis, gross profit declined 7% in the second quarter and gross margin contracted by 90 basis points to 42.6%. The impact of the recall contributed 120 basis points to this year-over-year decline. So without the recall, our gross margin would have expanded modestly. As a result of the recall and an expectation of higher commodity costs, we now expect gross margin to increase approximately 50 basis points for the year, in line with our year-to-date results. We now expect cost pressures to be in the range of 4% to 5%, up from our prior estimate of 3% to 4%. For the remainder of the year, we are approximately 90% hedged on commodities. As we said on our first quarter call, our outlook includes commodity inflation in future quarters as we begin to lap lower costs in 2009. We plan to share our outlook for 2011 on our third quarter earnings call. Now let's turn to Slide 7 to discuss advertising. As David stated, we are committed to reinvesting in our business. The categories in which we participate respond well to investment, and we believe it is important for the long-term health of these categories and our business. As a result, we have not pulled back on advertising. Instead, we have continued to invest.  Internal advertising increased 4% in the second quarter. U.S. Retail Cereal, Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific all increased advertising expenditures by at least mid-single digits this quarter. Advertising was up 1% on an internal basis for the first half. And as we said last quarter, we expect our advertising investment for the full year 2010 to grow in the mid-single-digit range. Slide 8 reviews our internal operating profit growth by area. Total company internal operating profit declined 11%. In North America, internal operating profit declined 16%, with the recall contributing 13 points to the decline. In addition, the cereal pricing environment, trade inventory reductions at key customers and softness in the Eggo business contributed to the decline were partially offset by lower-upfront costs in the quarter.  Europe realized a 6% increase in operating profit as a result of lower commodity costs, cost savings and lower upfront costs. These more than offset the softer sales and increased advertising spending. The 10% decline in Latin America was a result of commodity inflation, increased advertising, the difficult operating environment in Venezuela and to a lesser extent, the residual impact from the temporary closure of our Brazil plant in the first quarter. These items more than offset a mid-single-digit increase in sales. While sales also increased in Asia-Pacific, increased cost pressures and advertising investment contributed to a 10% decline in operating profit. Note that Latin America and Asia-Pacific are lapping strong double-digit operating profit growth in the second quarter 2009. Now let's turn to Slide 9 to discuss cash flow. We remain committed to generating cash and returning it to share owners. Year-to-date, cash flow was $446 million, $89 million lower when compared to last year. Lower cash flow was primarily due to the timing of cash tax payments. We now expect our cash flow to be in the $1.15 billion to $1.2 billion range for the year, in line with our revised business outlook, which I will discuss shortly. Now let's turn to Slide 10 to discuss the impact of foreign exchange on earnings per share. Since our guidance is on a currency-neutral basis, each quarter, we provide an estimate of the foreign currency impact on our full year earnings per share. Slide 10 shows our key currencies with 2009 actual rates and current spot rates as of July 26, 2010. Based on these spot rates, we estimate full year 2010 foreign exchange to be unfavorable $0.04. We will continue to update you on the impact of foreign exchange on a quarterly basis. Now let's turn to Slide 11 to discuss adjustments to our full year 2010 outlook. As David mentioned, we are lowering our guidance for 2010. This change reflects the weaker business performance in the second quarter and the voluntary cereal recall. We still expect to have a stronger back half based on the comps, coupled with increased innovation and advertising. But remember that we have more difficult sales and earnings comps in the third quarter and easier sales and earnings comps in the fourth quarter. We expect internal net sales growth to be flat to up 1%. Internal operating profit growth is now expected to be in the 4% to 6% range. As you recall, we had strong operating profit growth in Q1 and for the first half, we were up 3%. This guidance also includes our intent to grow advertising in the mid-single digit range. We will continue to execute our three-year $1 billion-plus cost savings challenge and expect that gross profit margins will expand approximately 50 basis points for the year. With this outlook on internal operating profit and slightly lower average shares outstanding, we expect our currency-neutral earnings per share growth to be in the range of 8% to 10%. On the next slide, we have laid out the key changes to our 2010 earnings per share guidance. The primary driver to our lower earnings per share is the voluntary cereal recall, which is expected to have a negative 4% impact. In addition, softer business performance reflects another 1% to 2% decline. However, embedded in this guidance is up-front costs of $0.12 per share for 2010 compared to our prior guidance of $0.16. This contributes a positive 1% to the earnings per share guidance. Note that lower up-front costs were driven by reduced costs of the initiatives, not the number of initiatives. In addition, we remain on track to achieve our three-year $1 billion-plus cost challenge. We estimate that the reduction in the average shares outstanding should contribute another 1% to 2% to our earnings per share. As I mentioned earlier, we now expect full year 2010 cash flow to be in the range of $1.15 billion to $1.2 billion. We will continue to return cash to share owners under our current three-year $2.5 billion share repurchase authorization. Year-to-date, we have repurchased $356 million worth of shares. We currently assume that we would decrease average diluted shares outstanding by approximately 1% to 2% in 2010. We will update you on the third quarter call on our progress.  And now I'll turn it over to John Bryant to cover our North America and International results.
John Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Let me begin with North America. Internal net sales declined 6% in the second quarter and we were down 2% for the first half of 2010. In the second quarter, net sales from North America Ready-to-Eat Cereal business decreased by 13% versus last year. While disappointing, the 13% decline can be explained in part by three factors. The first factor is weak consumption against tough costs. Second, is the cereal recall at the end of the quarter. And finally, the correction of elevated trade inventory, which we flagged at the end of the first quarter. First, looking at consumption. We estimate that the category's declined by 2% to 3% in value during the quarter. We believe that our total channel consumption was down around 5% leading to a loss of approximately one share point. A large part of the decline in the category and in our consumption can be explained by the comparables.  In the second quarter last year, the category grew around 4% in value and our total channel consumption was up approximately 6% to 7%, resulting in approximately one share point of growth. Our share gain last year was largely due to Post going through some integration issues. As we lapped last year, Post has regained some share. It is also worth noting that the SKU actualization last year adversely impacted our second quarter results by 1% to 2%. In addition, our innovation this year is more back-end loaded.  The second factor, as David has already talked about at length, was the voluntary cereal recall. While this occurred at the end of the quarter, we were required to reverse the sales of all products, which was subsequently returned. The net impact was a reduction in sales of 5% in the second quarter in North America Retail Cereal sales. Finally, we flagged at both the end of last year and the first quarter that we had higher retail inventory than we were comfortable with. And we saw this reverse out in the second quarter, resulting in an estimated 3% adverse impact on shipments. So contributing to the 13% net sales decline is a 5% impact from weak consumption, largely due to tough year-ago comparison, a 5% decline from the recall and approximately 3% from a retail inventory correction. While these three factors help explain the results, we do not pretend to be satisfied with the performance of our Cereal business. On a more positive note, we gained cereal share in Canada in the quarter and are seeing some very promising early results from innovation in the U.S. Both FiberPlus and Cinnabon cereals have shown strong early performance with a 0.4 share and 0.3 share, respectively. As we look at the remainder of the year, we expect to have weak consumption in the third quarter as the impact of the recall will show up on shelf, but expect better performance in the fourth quarter. We will have more advertising project and more innovation in the back half, and we remain excited about our long-term prospects in this important category. North America Retail Snacks posted internal net sales growth of 1% for the second quarter and 3% for the first half, reflecting strengths in the Pop-Tarts and Wholesome Snacks businesses. The Pop-Tarts business delivered another strong quarter with net sales up mid-single digit and gained two points of share. Innovation and strong brand building supported this iconic brands continued growth. Store door cracker sales was down slightly in the quarter. Our overall share was flat as we decreased our promotion activity in the second quarter in order to return to more balanced levels. Late in the second quarter, we launched a range of new products including two varieties of Town House Flatbread Crisps, Club Minis and Cheez-It Double Cheese Snack Mix. Our Cookie business declined in the quarter against a tough year-ago comparable when we launched the Mother's business. Recent innovations including Fudge Shoppe Coconut Dreams and 100-Calorie Right Bites mini-Brownies are performing well. We expect Cookies to continue to be a tough category for the remainder of the year. Momentum in our Wholesome Snacks business continued into the second quarter, delivering strong sales growth and maintaining our share leadership in this growing category. The successful introduction of Special K Fruit Crisps at the end of 2009 and the strong performance of FiberPlus bars continue to drive growth. We also launched two new SKUs of Nutri-Grain bars in the quarter. For the remainder of the year, we anticipate continued growth in Wholesome Snacks and the Pop-Tarts, combined with a slight improvement in Crackers and slight performance in Cookies. We feel good about our strong innovations throughout the back half of 2010, much of which was introduced at the end of the second quarter. Turning to the Frozen and Specialty Channels business. North America Frozen and Specialty Channels second quarter sales declined 9% versus last year. This was driven by the softness in our Eggo business, which was adversely impacted by our supply constraints and a tough double-digit growth rate comparison in the prior year. It is also worth noting that the performance in the second quarter was weaker year-on-year compared to the first quarter, due to a higher trade inventory rebuilt in the first quarter.  Towards the end of the second quarter, we have enough capacity in our network to return to demand-driving activities such as advertising and trade promotion. We are beginning to see the business respond to these drivers and expect it to return to modest growth in the back half of the year. We also introduced new products with Eggo Cinnabon Pancakes and Eggo Real Fruit Breakfast Pizzas, launching at the end of the second quarter. We continue to work with our customers to help reset freezers, to regain space that we lost when we were unable to maintain supply. The combination of new products, improved freezer space and increased advertising pressure should help drive improved performance in the back half of the year. In addition, the Veggie Foods business continue to perform well in the quarter and our Food Away From Home business also showed positive growth. Turning to our International business. Our Latin America and Asia-Pacific businesses continue to deliver solid sales growth while weakness in Europe muted the growth of our overall International business. Europe internal net sales declined 3% in the second quarter, driven primarily by two factors, a weaker U.K. Cereal category and continued volume declines in the Russia Snack business. Similar to the U.S., many food categories across Europe experienced deflation. In the U.K., our largest European market, we gained share in the quarter, but our sales were down, reflecting a 4% decline in the category, which is up against a very tough 7% growth in the second quarter last year. At the end of the first quarter, trade inventory in the U.K. was increased in preparation for Easter promotions. The U.K. ended the second quarter with inventory levels similar to a year ago. In Russia, the migration from bulks to packaged snacks drove lower volumes and contributed to Europe's lower top line results. With a weak local economy, the transition has taken longer than we originally anticipated. To stand in the short-term volume declines, we are protecting our Bulk business while pushing harder the game, more trade support for our packaged snacks. We expect to see less of a negative impact from Russia in the back half. And while we were disappointed in the performance of our Russia Snacks business, our Cereal business in Russia had strong growth during the quarter. Latin America's internal net sales rose 5% in the second quarter, on top of last year's healthy 8% growth. Internal net sales were driven by price increases in Venezuela and strong cereal growth, particularly in Mexico. Double-digit consumption growth in Mexico was not fully reflected in our net sales performance as retail has reduced inventory in the quarter and we lacked an inventory build last year due to the H1N1 virus scare. We continue to expect Latin America to deliver mid-single digit internal net sales growth for 2010. Asia-Pacific delivered internal net sales growth of 3%, driven by strong top line performance in Australia, South Korea and India. Both Australia and South Korea saw strong second quarter Cereal category growth. We are currently launching a new Sultana Bran product, which will increase our healthy offerings in Australia and Heart to Heart oat cereal in India. For the year, we continue to expect mid-single digit internal net sales growth from our Asia-Pacific businesses.  Now let me turn it back over to David.
A. D. MacKay: Thank you, John. We're committed to continuing our track record of sustainable and dependable performance. And while we believe that our second quarter is not indicative of the potential of our company, it is never positive to have such weak quarter performance. We feel it is essential to face the issues that created this weakness and reflect them as accurately as possible, hence the lower guidance.  Our view, and we believe the view of the shareholders and investors has always been to be open and transparent and to ensure we do what is right for our business over the long term. While we expect a tough environment to persist, we continue to invest in our business to drive future results. We have confidence in the long-term health of our business and remain focused on managing the business towards sustainable and dependable performance. I'd like to thank all the Kellogg employees for their dedication and hard work.  And before I conclude, I'd like to congratulate John on his election to our Board of Directors. Those of you had the pleasure of interacting with John now that he has a great depth of knowledge about our financial and business operations, and we're pleased to have him join the board.  And now, I'd like to open it up to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess my question has to do with, we've talked a lot in the past about the advertising efficacy, and it looks like excluding the recall and maybe in the Eggo waffle problems, your volume on the business is still I guess about flat. And yet you continue to raise advertising, you're one of the highest percentage of sales. So I guess, I'll follow up, but what do you think is the issue? Is it just the new products, is it just the macro environment? Maybe you could touch on that, David.
A. D. MacKay: I think, Eric, when you look at it because really when you look at the quarter, the U.S. Cereal category and our performance within it, to a lesser extent the U.K. Cereal category and the recall are the major issues that we've try to lay out as we went through the Q2 results. And you look at the category as John said, when he went through deflation existing in the category, we sort, we talked about it in Q1. It's actually a little bit worse than what's expected. But as we reflected on, did the analysis, no question that Post and the fact that their year-on-year comps, when they're out of the market last year and have come back in this year, have had an impact. I think retailers pushing and using the category to draw traffic in has exacerbated in the short term the situation, and no doubt consumers are continuing to look for and buying a deal. So I think all manufacturers in the short term are seeing some of the costs come down, which has probably meant their activities are going up a little bit. Our view and our outlook as we look to the back half and going forward is, Cereal category is a great category. We think once Post lapsed Q3, that the level of investment tactically should moderate as cost go up. For us, as we look at the performance of Kellogg's specifically and take the 5% decline in U.S., we had a small impact from the SKU calculus, it was probably one or two. So if you look at that relative to the category, while we're not happy with the performance, we can understand it. John mentioned our innovation in the back half is much stronger. We're seeing very good performance at the FiberPlus and a couple of other innovations we've launched. And on your question specifically on advertising investment. Our belief is that while we are one of the highest spenders, if you look specifically in the category, it tends to be a fairly high investment category and we have real opportunities to build stronger capabilities in digital. We have real opportunities to increase the level of communication with Hispanics and those plus other opportunities on new products and investments around the world, we'll see our advertising grow. I think mid-single digits is a very good level for us. And we feel very comfortable that over the medium to long term, we'll get a good investment return for that.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And if I could just follow up on the recall specifically. I think it was probably a lot greater than most people were expecting. And I'm just kind of worried to the extent that the recall has a brand equity impact. I mean sometimes these things are short term and the consumer comes right back. But are you seeing -- you mentioned some new products performing well, but are you seeing any lingering impact in terms of consumption on some of the core brands where the recall was greatest?
John Bryant: Our view would be that while in Q3 for the first sort of three or four weeks of the quarter, mainly through July, we'll see an impact because in some retailers, we pulled all of the stock and it's going back in, they're just working the availabilities. So we've seen that in the first week of data through July on those affected brands. But because we acted so responsibly I believe and voluntarily withdrawing all of the product, I don't believe there will be a long-term impact on those very strong equities.
Operator: And our next question comes Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just had two questions for you. The first was, if you -- just to make clear by some of your competitors in the category. But how would you characterize the return for your promotional investments? Was the nature of the competition in the quarter that made it to where you're promoting more heavily but not seeing a return? Or is it the consumer, and I was curious, if you're thinking they kind of lingers into the second half of the year?
A. D. MacKay: I think if you look at the return on promotions with everyone being a little bit more active, there is a sort of offsetting effect with -- no one's promotions are really working as well because there's just too many offers in the market. So I think that reduces the benefit and return from promotional activity. And our view would be, as we look at our back half, certainly, we're going to be watching our level of promotions very carefully. And I think at some point in time, we'll see the level of deflation in the category abate and go away, particularly as cost pressures start to increase.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Is that this year you think or more of next year in '11?
A. D. MacKay: I would say it's probably going be towards the end of this year and going into next year.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And just one follow-up and I guess a question for Ron or for John. In relation to your earnings growth, your EPS growth guidance, we know the clear effect from the recall, that seems to account for the majority of the decline. And even if you take into account up front cost being down, your guidance really hasn't changed much for the year. So is there a degree of real improvement in the second half of the year that you see, it's going to require that would seem like in 3Q and 4Q to really make that full year guidance or am I looking at that the wrong way?
John Bryant: We do expect as we said a bit better performance in the back part of the year. And you can see that our sales are down 1% in the first half, and we're calling our sales flat to 1% for the second half. So there's a bit of business performance improvement, as well as a better benefit from lower average shares outstanding as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: I guess my question is about the innovation that you do have for the second half, David and John. FiberPlus feels a little bit like a me-too kind of product. I was kind of hoping that you would talk a little bit about the pipeline for 2011 and maybe some -- start getting us excited about things like that. I know Post is planning a lot of new products for January and they've already showed it to the trade. Is there anything that you can kind of hint to in case the second half and FiberPlus doesn't quite achieve what you thought?
A. D. MacKay: Well, we do get out at our innovation here in the back half, I think we're doing very well, with FiberPlus and with Cinnabon. And I get some 0.4 and 0.3 share respectively in the latest 12 weekend. In fact the latest couple of weeks, FiberPlus has been over half a share point in terms of its performance. So I think we're getting good momentum behind that innovation. We have a stronger innovation line up for the first half of 2011 than we had in first half of 2010. We've not shared that with our retail partners yet, so we can't talk about that on this call. But we are excited about the upcoming innovation pipeline in U.S. Cereal.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: Do you feel though that FiberPlus and Cinnabon, did they, have you done any kind of work on whether it cannibalize your existing lines because those shares were up but others must have been down. Do you know where those products took share from?
A. D. MacKay: No, we look at the switching analysis, the turf analysis for all new products, and actually we're quite comfortable with the incrementality to our portfolio. The thing about Cinnabon, we don't have a heavy cinnamon portfolio and then FiberPlus, good, tasty fiber is quite helpful for our portfolio.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: A lot of people have raised some questions here about product quality and the recalls, it seems to be two separate incidents. Are you doubling up your efforts though, when you talk to your suppliers to make sure that they're not cutting corners to achieve your cost-reduction goals?
John Bryant: Robert, absolutely. Particularly in an environment where a lot of businesses are under pressure. There is an increased focus and diligence in working with our suppliers to ensure that they understand that they must meet the high quality standards that Kellogg Company has set and expects of them.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: The revenue guidance of flat to up 1%, we estimate it, it implies something like a 3% currency neutral revenue growth in the second half, including maybe a one- to two-point gain from currency, it will be less than that. But 3% currency neutral revenue growth in the second half versus about a 1% currency neutral decline in the first half. I guess my question is, does that sound about right? And your North America Cereal business, I'm assuming that's going to lead the sequential improvement in your view, do you see Cereal revenue going back to growth in the second half?
A. D. MacKay: I think, David, the way I look at it is more one to two in the back half to get to zero to one for the year. And when you look at Cereal, as we said in the third quarter, we're going to see the impact of the recalls. So our Cereal is going still be under pressure, and while we expected to have a bit at fourth quarter, our view would be that for the back half, it's going to be more flat or flattish. So that's not going to be the key driver and that's why when we gave the forecast, we did call down net sales to zero to one for the year.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: I know we're going to talk a lot about Cereal. But could you perhaps zero in on the state of that category today? A year ago or so, it seem like this was the epitome of rational, profitable growth as a category. Obviously, there's been some issues with category profitability, folks point at consumers, the retail customers and their actions and then the competition notably, promotional activity from Post. But could you perhaps go back and take another crack at it in terms of what's going on with this category?
A. D. MacKay: I think all of the things you mentioned play into what we're seeing in the category this year. I think when you think about the category in the first half of 2009, the four major developed markets in the world, the category grew anywhere between 4% and 8%. I think with hindsight, we probably underestimated the difficult challenge that would create for 2010. We knew it would be a challenge, that's why when we came into the year, our expectations for top line were probably more moderate than people were expecting. When you look specifically on what's unfolded this year, Post really, as we dug into the data was out and has come back in and are probably back to more historical levels. I think all manufacturers because of lower cost are probably putting a little bit more money back into the market to reflect the concern of our consumers being under pressure. Consumers clearly across all categories, I think, are buying more diligently and deal where they can get it and using coupons. And then retailers themselves see the Cereal category as a great traffic build up, so are actually using it in ways that may help with traffic but may not help with the overall strength in the category. So you put all of those things into combination and what you see is a very stark difference this year to last year partly because of the comps and partly because of those competitive dynamic. But our view would be, this is a great category. We'll see that dissipate as we move through the back half of the year and as cost increases invariably they will as we go forward, we would expect to see the category start to perform in a more normal basis.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I want to follow up a little bit on Eric's question, just specifically, forgetting about the customer's reaction to the recall, managing changeovers in this industry as some others have recently taught us is logistically pretty difficult, and are there still places like right now as we speak where there's out of stocks, supply chain interruption and also like problems with getting back on promotional calendars type of thing?
A. D. MacKay: When you go through something like this, it disrupts the organization and our retail partners. We're fortunate that we're able to get back into production very quickly and start to refill the pipeline. I think most of our customers now are back with some of that trade activity, which was obviously disrupted in July and even into August. So it has had an adverse impact on us, it does become a large focus to the organization and so that is distracting.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: But I guess I was asking, at the retail level you feel pretty good about where you are?
A. D. MacKay: I think we feel good about where we are in the retail level. Obviously, this is something that we don't have to go through.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I'm trying to understand as you restore capacity to Eggo here and presumably there's going to be some cost to get back on the shelves, as you kind of walk capacity back up. Shouldn't there be a period of time though that the contribution margin should be very impressive from Eggo as you sort of releverage, not only the brand investments you've made, but just capacity distribution, et cetera over the next 12 months.
A. D. MacKay: We do expect to continue to grow the Eggo business. And as you said, we are in the process of resetting some freezers in the third quarter, getting back up to a fuller distribution level in Eggo and incremental volume is highly profitable for us. Obviously, we're turning back on advertising and brand building support, so that's going to mitigate the operating profit benefit from getting back into the Eggo business. But it's a big opportunity for us in the back half of the year. And it's early days, we'll see more of the benefit of this I think in Q4, when we'll have an easier comp. Q3 is still a more difficult comp for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citigroup.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: David, can you talk about your Cereal promotional calendar for the second half of '10? And specifically, what I'm worried about is Post and their continued promotional environment. Are they taking events that you otherwise would have had, what's your confidence in second half '10 promotional calendar for Kellogg's Cereal?
A. D. MacKay: All I can really say on that, David, is we are taking the appropriate response and attitude as the category leader in the category to manage what we do going forward, to try and drive the category in that business.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Don't you have or maybe you could say that you do have visibility, maybe you can't tell us or you don't want to tell us. But you do have visibility on that promotional calendar for six months that's correct, right?
A. D. MacKay: That's correct, yes. Well, certainly three or four months out.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: On the Eggo business. John, I believe that you said that Eggo sales would be up just modestly in the back half of the year Q3 and four. One thing I don't understand about that is, given how weak it was in the year ago period, if you restored the capacities and are now achieving much higher levels now, why wouldn't the expectation be for significantly better numbers just given the weak compares?
John Bryant: Well, I think you will see a significant growth in the fourth quarter when there is quite a weak comparison. In the third quarter though, I doubt it will be much, hopefully, we'll see growth in the third quarter but it will be very modest growth. And a part of that is we do need to get back improved distribution across our key customers. We do need to get some of these SKUs more on the shelf and turn on our advertising and our promotional activities. So there is a need to bring the consumer back into the business.
Operator: And our next question comes from Terry Bivens of JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Two things this morning. First of all, if you look at it, and I know sometimes our figures vary a little bit from what you guys are looking at. But on a brand analysis, one thing that concerns me a bit is some of your more profitable, pricier cereals. I'm looking at Smart Start, for example, Raisin Bran Crunch, Special K, had what I would call pretty disappointing performances, certainly in the ACNielsen data. What worries me there, David, is do you think there is an internal trade down going on in the Cereal category from some of those -- you guys are famous for volume to value, make sure I get that right. But, I guess, I would look at the data and start to worry that maybe there is trade out of some of the pricier, higher profitability cereals.
A. D. MacKay: There's a couple of things going on there. I think with Smart Start, I always wanted to use it as an example. We've actually reduced our investment in Smart Start and moved it elsewhere in the portfolio, and that's one of the reasons why that business is down. I think also what you're seeing a little bit in the Cereal category is the drive towards utility. All family products are doing well. Our highly focused brands against [indiscernible] in this state, in general not doing as well in this current environment, I think that's a reflection of the consumer. Having said that, I think you can point to a couple of businesses, where you are getting some good growth and a reasonably high price. So for example, we're seeing double-digit growth in BearNaked and we're seeing good growth in Kashi. So it's hard to generalize. I think what you're seeing is a movement of money around the brands, and you're seeing a general consumer drive towards utility.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Obviously, the trade inventories were an issue here a little bit more than I felt they would. Where do we stand now going forward, are you satisfied with inventories at the trade level?
A. D. MacKay: I think in U.S. Cereal, we're in very good shape from a trade inventory perspective, as well as in the U.K. Cereal business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I guess I just wanted to go back to Cereal in the U.S. and just really want to understand. It seems like there's a couple of issues. One, at the category level, you've kind of talk about the tough comp and a lot of that was really driven by pricing being pretty robust last year and obviously now you're seeing pricing down, but it doesn't seem to be driving volume pick up as much as the pricing down or the promotional activity being pretty intense. So I just want to understand why that is the case? And why that should get better in the back half, so that even if pricing doesn't necessarily get better, should we expect to see actually volume get better in the back half? And then secondly, at the competitive level, it just seems like you've got even players like Quaker talking about spending more money in the category. Obviously, you're raising investments both from the brand side and some of the promotional activity. Does the competitive environment get worse before it really gets better? Can you just help us understand how that kind of plays out in the path to getting better, I guess, in the next six to 12 months.
A. D. MacKay: Judy, if you step back and look at the Cereal category, one reason that it's such a great category is it's highly responsive to brand-building innovation, that's what drive the category over the long term. The category from a pricing perspective is actually not all that elastic and that the volume didn't go down significantly last year, when some of the pricing came up and didn't go up this year when the pricing came down a little bit. So it's not the category, which you can win in long term through the pricing, maybe get there through brand building and through innovation. I think some of the deflation we're seeing in the category this year is actually a bit of an anomaly. If you look at 2009, let's look at Post, they had some integration issues last year and their price per pound last year was up about $0.25 year-on-year in the second quarter. This year, their price per pound in the major channels are down around $0.25. So a lot of which you're seeing actually is a disruption in one particular competitor coming back to, I guess, what is more normal levels and they'll be there for the second quarter and the third quarter. I think as you go into the back half of this year and into next year, as you get cost inflation coming through, you would expect to see less deflation, potentially return to an inflationary environment in the Cereal category.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then if you think about then just in terms of the promotional activity across the category amongst the major players, is the level of spending now pretty comparable across all players at this point? I mean, I guess, your point is last year just Post just under spent and now they're getting back to kind of the normalized level and then as that happens, you really shouldn't see one player kind of disrupt the category dynamics.
A. D. MacKay: It's always an intensely competitive category, there's always some gives and takes across manufacturers. I think this share of incremental has brought in a lot of share base with most players. There's always movements from one quarter to one year to the next.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then can you just help us understand how you envision European sales kind of playing out in the back half? It sounds like the U.K. maybe continue to be challenging there. So do you expect sales to also get better in the back half, if you just exclude the inventory movement that hurt you in the second quarter?
A. D. MacKay: Within our guidance, it's fairly flat type sales for Europe in the back half and there's a couple of reasons for that. Certainly the U.K. had a great year last year and that continued even to the back half of the year, so they get some pretty tough comps for that. We are gaining share, certainly in the U.K. but it's a tough marketplace. In Continental Europe, in general, the economy is pretty tough in Continental Europe. Consumers are under pressure. We're actually gaining some share in some big markets in Continental Europe. Hopefully, we'll see some improvement there in the back half of the year, but it certainly is a tough environment. And as we see it in Russia, the bulk sales within Snacks is a transition from a Bulk business to more of the Packaged business. We've seen some of the Bulk sales slipped a bit more, I mean one or two in the Package sales take a bit longer. Hopefully, we can get a better balance in the back half of the year. The great thing on Russia is that we bought that business to drive the Cereal or the credit grade Cereal platform, and our Cereal business in Russia, which is about a third of our business in Russia is up 40%. So we are seeing some good long-term potential there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Maybe on the share repurchase, just wondering given what your stock is doing today and sort of the outlook for the balance of the year, why you're not being more aggressive with the existing program?
Ronald Dissinger: As we indicated, we did buy more shares in the second quarter. And we're essentially using the available cash that we have after dividends to repurchase shares. We think now our average diluted shares outstanding will be 1% to 2% better depending upon the timing and price that we can purchase the shares at. We believe we'll end up purchasing probably somewhere between $600 million and $1 billion worth of shares in total for the year. And if you think about it, that's roughly a third of a $2.5 billion authorization that we have outstanding.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: That third would account for what you should have done last year and then sort of the run rate of this year. So I'm just wondering why not be a little more aggressive?
John Bryant: I think, Vincent, in summing, we will certainly look at and be considering as we go forward and we'll give you an update in Q3. I think the other thing that says, what we've built into the guidance we gave you is what Ron went through. But the point you make is a very valid one.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And then maybe if you could just help me understand, you said the upfront costs are coming down, but the number of projects is flat. So what change has allowed the cost of these projects to come down?
Ronald Dissinger: It's just the estimates that we had in previously for the year on some of those initiatives. We're able to execute those at a lower cost. So it has nothing to do with the actual execution of the initiative and driving our cost-saving initiatives going forward.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And then lastly, you increased your input cost inflation for the year. Could you just give us a sense of what items you're driving that?
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, the primary driver there and I alluded to this briefly in the communication is higher commodity cost, particularly sugar and packaging cost. Since sugar primarily in the U.S. and Mexico and then packaging in North America.
Kathryn Koessel: Christina, we're pressing 10:30, so we can take one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research: Just coming back to the cost saving programs, I guess, we're now about half way through time wise in terms of $1 billion challenge. I think it was a three-year program ending the end of next year. Could you talk a little bit about how far through in terms of the cost savings you are? And whether you expect that will -- you talk about a reduction and the cost of actually getting off of these initiatives this time around, is that why you're so persistent to next year? So really, how do you see the benefit from cost playing out as we run through the end of the program next year?
Ronald Dissinger: We actually have a very good visibility to our $1 billion challenge savings. We estimate roughly $400 million, perhaps a little bit more in 2010. And we have good visibility into 2011 to achieve those cost savings as well. So the fact that our cost for some of the initiatives have come down has not impacted our visibility to the savings.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research: So you're a little more than halfway right now in terms of the savings from the overall program?
Ronald Dissinger: We are a little bit more than halfway in terms of the savings.
Kathryn Koessel: Thank you very much for joining us today. If you have any additional question, please feel free to call me.
Operator: Thank you. Again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a great day.
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company 2010 Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will turn the call over to Kathryn Koessel, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Koessel, you may begin your conference.
Kathryn Koessel: [Audio Gap]  w.kelloggcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings.  As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, August 3. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days.  Now let me turn it over to David.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-29 09:30:00) =====
Executives: A. D. MacKay - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Kathryn Koessel -  John Bryant - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Ronald Dissinger - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jonathan Feen - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse First Boston, Inc. Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch Alec Patterson - RCM
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company 2010 First quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will turn the call over to Kathryn Koessel, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Koessel, you may begin your conference.
Kathryn Koessel: Thank you, Christina, and good morning. Thank you for joining us today, and welcome to the review of our 2010 first quarter results. Joining me are David MacKay, President and CEO; John Bryant, Chief Operating Officer; and Ron Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer. The press release and slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com.  As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, May 3. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for 90 days. And with that, let me turn it over to David.
A. D. MacKay: Thanks, Kathryn, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report a good start to 2010. Solid top line growth and robust operating profit led to healthy 27% earnings per share growth on a currency neutral basis. These results were delivered against the backdrop of challenging macroeconomics. Consumers are still feeling uncertain and are looking to be more frugal, buying more on promotion and shifting channels to get the best deal. However, none of these short-term challenges alter our current agenda or our long-term strategy. We are confident that by adhering to our focused strategy and business approach, we will continue to deliver sustainable, dependable results. Our business faced various pressures this quarter and delivered solid top line growth. We remain excited about our brands and our categories as we continue to focus on building our business through innovation and renovation. As we enter the second year of our three-year $1 billion-plus cost savings program, we continue to look for opportunities to reduce costs and increase efficiencies. As we've said before, the goal of these programs is not a one-time benefit, but a sustainable drive for visibility, well into the future. The positive ongoing impact to our gross margin performance is evident. Moderating cost inflation, combined with cost savings initiatives, contributed to the improvement in our gross profit margin of 190 basis points in the quarter. Gross profit improvement, combined with the timing of advertising expenses, contributed to our strong internal operating profit growth.  Our advertising spending was down in the first quarter due to the absence of Eggo spending and is not reflective of our commitment to reinvest in the business and the importance of brand building. As we discussed at CAGNY, we expect to increase our advertising investments in the mid-single-digit range for the full year. We delivered earnings per share growth well ahead of expectations, supported by increased operating profit and discrete tax benefits. Our focus has been, and will continue to be, to sustainably grow the top line, drive investment in our brands, build an effective and cost-efficient infrastructure and consistently deliver solid results for the long term. And with that, I'd now like to turn it over to our CFO, Ron Dissinger for a review of our financials. Ron?
Ronald Dissinger: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin with the summary of our first quarter results on Slide 4. As we mentioned on the fourth quarter call and at CAGNY, we expected to have some difficult top line comparisons in the first half, but still grow earnings per share.  We delivered solid sales growth this quarter and our earnings exceeded expectations. For the quarter, reported net sales grew 5% and internal net sales grew 2%, in line with our full year 2010 guidance of 2% to 3% internal net sales growth and our long-term guidance of low single-digit net sales growth. The first quarter top line reflected the continuing impact of the Eggo supply disruption. In addition, supply disruptions in Brazil and Venezuela impacted our results. Also, remember that we were lapping the impact of the peanut butter-related recalls in the first quarter of last year. The impact of these items on net sales year-over-year was relatively offsetting.  As David mentioned, our advertising spend decreased during the quarter as a result of the absence of Eggo advertising and the timing of investments from Q1 to the balance of the year. Our solid sales performance, combined with our continuing cost savings and productivity initiatives, as well as moderating cost inflation drove internal operating profit growth of 17% for the quarter. Also in the first quarter, we recorded discrete favorable tax benefits, which reduced our tax rate to 27% and contributed approximately $0.05 to our earnings per share. Looking forward to the remainder of the year, we now expect to have a full year tax rate of 29% to 30%. Our strong operating profit performance and these discrete tax benefits resulted in a 30% increase in our reported earnings per share and a 27% increase in earnings per share on a currency neutral basis. On Slide 5, we'll walk through the components of our net sales growth. On a reported basis, our first quarter net sales grew by 4.7% year-over-year. On an internal basis, net sales increased 1.8%. The following components contributed to the overall growth rate. Our total company tonnage increased by half a point, primarily driven by strong cereal volume growth, up approximately two points. This was partially offset by the impact of the transition from bulk to packaged formats in Russia and by the shift away from low margin business in China. As we discussed on our fourth quarter call, we expected the impact of these items to continue through the first half of 2010. The impact on volume from Eggo, as well as our supply disruptions in Brazil and Venezuela were broadly offset by the benefit of lapping the peanut butter-related recalls of first quarter 2009. Price and mix contributed 1.3 points of growth, and currency contributed 2.9 points of growth. Acquisitions had no impact on the quarter. All of our operating segments contributed to net sales growth for the quarter. North America and Europe each contributed 2% to net sales growth on an internal basis. Latin America and Asia Pacific each increased internal net sales by 1%. Now let me turn to Slide 6 to discuss gross profit. On an internal basis, gross profit rose 7% in the first quarter. Gross margin increased 190 basis points to 43%. There were several drivers of our gross margin improvement. First, we had some benefit from price increases. Second, our cost reduction initiatives were greater than the underlying rate of inflation. And third, we were lapping the impact of the peanut butter-related recall. It is important to note for the year, we're approximately 80% hedged on commodities, but our outlook does include commodity inflation in future quarters as we begin to lap lower costs in 2009. For 2010, we expect cost pressures to be in the range of 3% to 4%. Gross margin is expected to expand by approximately 100 basis points due to cost savings initiatives. Now let's turn to Slide 7 to discuss advertising. Our commitment to strengthen our brand equities through advertising remains a key facet of our business model. However, during the quarter, internal advertising declined 3%, driven primarily by timing of North America advertising campaigns, shifting from the first quarter to later in the year, as well as the absence of Eggo advertising. In the U.S., advertising for our top eight cereal brands was up in the quarter. Europe advertising increased and was lapping easy year-over-year comparisons due to media deflation in 2009. Latin America also increased advertising, particularly in Mexico Cereal business, which was on top of strong growth last year. We now expect full year advertising to be up mid-single digits with heavier investments as we progress into Q2 and Q3. Slide 8 highlights our internal operating profit growth by area. First quarter internal operating profit rose 17%, driven by positive internal sales growth, moderating cost inflation, continued cost savings initiatives and slightly lower advertising spending. Upfront costs are comparable to last year at approximately $0.03 of earnings per share. North America internal operating profit grew a healthy 22% as a result of solid sales growth, gross margin expansion and timing of advertising investment. This compares favorably to last year's increase of 1.6%, which reflected the 2009 peanut butter-related recalls. Europe's internal operating profit rose 4% due to solid sales growth and improved cost of goods, partially offset by investments in advertising. Latin America's internal operating profit rose less than 1%. The impact of supply disruptions in Brazil and Venezuela masked the strength of Latin America's business, especially in Mexico. And in Asia Pacific, internal operating profit grew 10%, reflecting an improvement in gross margin and timing of advertising spending. Now let's turn to Slide 9 to discuss cash flow. Managing for cash remains a key operating principle for Kellogg. In the first quarter, cash flow was $190 million, up $18 million over the first quarter of 2009. For the full year, we anticipate another year of delivering strong cash flow. As we said in our fourth quarter call, we expect to spend approximately $500 million in capital expenditures for 2010. And we expect our cash flow to be comparable to full year 2009's record cash flow. Now let's turn to Slide 10 to discuss the impact of foreign exchange on earnings per share. Because our guidance is on a currency neutral basis, we'd like to provide an estimate of foreign currency impact on our 2010 earnings. Slide 10 shows our key currencies with 2009 actual rates and current spot rates as of April 26, 2010. Based on April 26 spot rates, we estimate full year foreign exchange to be unfavorable $0.02 compared with our earlier estimate of flat. So while we have good news from foreign currency in the first quarter, these current spot rates indicate we will have a negative impact over the next three quarters. We also recognize that foreign currency has become very volatile, especially in Europe, although the last several days, the spot rates for the euro and the pound have declined against the U.S. dollar. These changes are not reflected in the April 26 spot rates. We will continue to update you on the impact of foreign exchange on a quarterly basis. Now let's turn to Slide 11 to discuss our full year outlook. In summary, we are very pleased with our first quarter performance. We delivered solid net sales growth and exceeded our expectations for earnings. However, we experienced favorability in Q1 due to discrete tax benefits and timing of investments. We expect our investments to increase as we progress through the year. As a result, we are affirming our 2010 full year guidance growth rates for internal net sales, internal operating profit and currency neutral earnings per share. We expect internal net sales growth of 2% to 3%, in line with our long-term targets. Internal operating profit is anticipated to grow 8% to 10%, which is above our long-term targets. This then includes an expectation to increase our advertising investment as we progress through the balance of the year, resulting in mid-single-digit advertising growth for the full year. We still expect gross margin to increase approximately 100 basis points and upfront costs to be approximately $0.16. Consistent with our commitment to return cash to shareowners, our Board of Directors authorized a new three-year share buyback program totaling $2.5 billion across the years 2010 through 2012, replacing all other authorizations. The $148 million of shares purchased in the first quarter 2010 falls under this new authorization. As we review the balance of 2010, we now expect average shares outstanding to be relatively flat compared to the end of 2009. We remain confident in our visibility to achieve currency neutral earnings per share growth of 11% to 13%, which is above our long-term annual targets. And now, I'd like to turn it over to John Bryant to cover our North America and international results.
John Bryant: Thanks, Ron, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to give you some more color on our business performance in the first quarter, starting with North America, which delivered solid internal net sales growth of 2% compared to 4% growth last year. Let me discuss each business in greater detail, beginning with cereal on Slide 13. The U.S. and Canadian Cereal categories continued to operate in a competitive environment and lapped tough growth comparisons from a year ago, where category growth was 6% to 7% in the U.S. and 8% in Canada. While the North American category is down slightly in the quarter, we expect improvement through the back half of the year. Our North America cereal sales were up slightly in the first quarter against tough comparisons.  Taking a close look at the U.S., our core brands continue to do well, growing 4% across all channels. If you look across all channels, our share was slightly down, roughly 20 basis points. Within alternate channels, particularly Club and Dollar, our gains were strong. First quarter innovation include the well-received Special K granola, and we have strong innovation in the second half, including FiberPlus cereal.  As we said in the fourth quarter call, we built cereal trade inventory at the end of 2009. However, given the timing of both Easter and several April promotions, we continue to hold slightly elevated trade inventory at the end of the first quarter. We anticipate that this inventory will be reduced across the second and third quarters. Our Canadian Cereal business delivered a good quarter, with half a point share gain and good sales growth against tough comparisons a year ago.  Let's turn to Slide 14 to discuss the North American snack performance. We posted first quarter internal net sales growth of 5% compared to 2% a year earlier. The strong results reflected broad-based growth across Pop-Tarts, crackers, cookies and wholesome snacks. Our Pop-Tarts business posted another strong quarter with mid-single-digit internal net sales growth and over a three-point increase in market share.  Our store-door cracker sales were up a robust 4% against strong first quarter 2009 comparisons of 11%. Our sales growth was driven by our three big brands and introduction of Italian Four Cheese Cheez-Its and Wheatables Nut Crisps in the quarter. Cookie sales are also up for the quarter, and we gained 60 basis points of share. The Fudge Shoppe Cheesecake Middles introduction, Mother's brand and strong growth in Kashi cookies contributed to the performance in the quarter. Sustained momentum in our Wholesome Snacks business resulted in a greater than three-point increase in share and widened our share leadership in this growing category. We are very pleased with the successful introduction of Special K Fruit Crisps at the end of 2009 and strong performance of FiberPlus bars. Turning to our Frozen and Specialty Channels business, Frozen and Specialty Channels first quarter sales declined 3% compared to last year's increase of 6%. Over the past several months, we have made significant progress in increasing Eggo production levels, and we have nearly reached previous capacity levels. We continue to build our inventory and our customers' inventory. The impact on the top line will continue through the first half of 2010 and is included in our 2010 guidance. Morningstar Farms' veggie foods continue to perform well, growing internal net sales 5% in the quarter and Kashi frozen meals also delivered healthy growth. The pressure on our Food Away From Home business is moderating. The business posted flat sales this quarter, reflecting improving trends in the food service industry. Please turn to Slide 17 for a discussion of the International business. Outside North America, our International business continued to perform well, delivering 2% internal net sales growth for the quarter. European internal net sales grew 2% during the first quarter, driven by cereal share gains in the U.K., France and Italy and an inventory build at the end of the quarter in preparation for April promotions in the U.K. The healthy mid-single-digit growth in cereal sales and volume was driven by strong innovation. The introduction of Krave in the U.K., as well as solid performance in Tresor and Extra on the continent. We were pleased with our European performance, given that in the first quarter of 2009, the Cereal category in the U.K., our largest European market was up 6%. However, the continued migration from bulk to packaged snacks in Russia destroyed Europe's overall volume performance. We expect this impact to continue throughout the first half of 2010.  Latin America internal net sales rose 1% during Q1 on top of 8% growth last year. A highlight of the quarter was the high single-digit sales growth in Mexico, driven by cereal. Mexico's strength was offset by a sales decline in Brazil due to the excessive rains, which resulted in water damage and temporary closure of our Brazilian manufacturing facility. While the plant is now up and running, it will take some time to return to full capacity. Lower inventory levels will continue to impact results through the second quarter. In addition, Venezuela's performance was impacted by intermittent supply disruptions, driven by various government policies. We continue to expect internal net sales growth for the Latin American region to be in the mid-single-digit range for the full year. In Asia Pacific, first quarter internal net sales grew 1% on top of strong growth in the first quarter of last year of 11% and was driven by strong cereal sales in the region. However, as mentioned on the fourth quarter call, we continue to transition our Chinese business from a lower margin business to a branded model. This will result in volume loss through the first half of the year. Australia was also down modestly as it lapped high single-digit comps from a year ago, and we had no promotional activity with one of our largest retailers during the quarter. Although Australia is facing challenges similar to other developed markets, we anticipate seeing stronger sales growth for the remainder of the year. In Asia Pacific, we still expect to deliver mid-single-digit internal net sales growth for the region in 2010. Now let me turn it back over to David.
A. D. MacKay: Thanks, John. In summary, we're pleased with our first quarter performance. We expect that the pressure on our top line this quarter will continue during Q2 and then improve in the back half of the year. The top line is expected to be in line with our 2010 and long-term guidance of 2% to 3%. We're focused on leveraging the current environment to our advantage, to build Kellogg into an even stronger company for the future. We will continue to renovate our current products and draw out new innovation to address consumer's growing and evolving needs while differentiating and enhancing our portfolio. We're optimizing our global organization and striving for enhanced effectiveness in many areas of our business. And as we have said, we'll continue to invest in brand building and in other areas of the business to make Kellogg stronger.  Our 2010 financial performance will be driven by moderate top line growth, coupled with our cost savings, productivity momentum and continued investments. We've almost reached the halfway point of our three-year $1 billion-plus cost challenge. We're on track, and these savings will help us drive efficiency gains, offset future commodity and energy inflation and provide the fuel to sustain our momentum. All of these elements, combined with excellent financial visibility, support our increased confidence that we're on track to deliver on our 2010 guidance. While we feel good about the future, we're also pragmatic about the current consumer, customer and comparative dynamics and the impact on our business during 2010. And we believe that we're addressing and reflecting this environment in our outlook. Our business model and strategy remain relevant and resilient. We remain committed to managing our business to cash and long-term sustainable and dependable growth. And I'd now like to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I guess the broad question is really what came through better than expected. I'm just thinking back to your commentary at CAGNY talking about being up against really tough comps on EPS growth in the first half. It seems as though with this kind of EPS growth this time around, something must have gone very right in March. And I mean, do you think going forward, given that you haven't raised guidance for the rest of the year, are there things that are looming that concern you?
A. D. MacKay: Well, I think, Alexia, two things because there's a lot of factors in that. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, our advertising expenditure was down in Q1. That will come back and increase through Q2, Q3, for the rest of the year. We had some discrete tax benefits. Our sales were probably a little bit stronger than we feel as was our gross margin. I mean, you think about the sales gross margin areas, a couple of things are likely to happen there. We thought inventories would come down in U.S. Cereal and because of the timing of Easter and April promotions, that did not occur. So that'll probably come out in Q2, Q3. We also saw in the U.K. probably about a one-point impact on our performance across Europe because of strong inventory build for promotions in April and the timing of Easter there, as well. But we're off to a great start for the year. We plan to invest back to build the company, to make ourselves stronger in this environment. And we remain very confident in hitting our numbers.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: I think I'd heard you say that the category in Cereal overall was down a bit this quarter. And obviously, the category has been decelerating a bit from a pretty high rate of growth over the last two years. First time I think I've heard it down a bit. How much of that concern you in light of the comment in the release around a more competitive cereal environment? Maybe you can kind of give us a little bit additional color there. And why do we think the category should get a little better as we go through the year?
A. D. MacKay: Yes, I think the category reminds long term, very strong. If you look at the first quarter in the U.S. and if you take the major markets around the world, the category in the first quarter a year ago was up anywhere from 5% to 8%, so significantly stronger. So in the U.S., we're up against tough comps, it grew 6% to 7%. You're seeing a lot of retailer-driving traffic through the category. Consumers buying more on deal as in channel shifting, people looking to get the best value they can. So our expectation was we feel a little bit of softness in Q2, a bit of second half, but long term, we don't see any issues for the category whatsoever. It will remain vibrant, and we'd expect that the second half to return to more normal growth rates.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: One more thing that caught my eye in the North American cereal slide, there was a picture of a box of Raisin Bran with a flag on it, 15% more cereal on the box. And I'm just wondering, what's behind that? I guess it's a weight in on -- is it just on that brand alone? And if so, why is it just that brand? And perhaps you could try to give us some sense of that.
A. D. MacKay: Yes, I think it was Raisin Bran Extra, which is an innovation. It's probably just another way of driving a little bit of value on the short term in and out. We occasionally do those. It's not singling anything of any significance. So actually the picture didn't send you a message that was unintended.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I actually have two quick cash flow questions. The first is, on cash flow in the quarter, I don't think you gave an explanation for why it was flat. You talked about the full year being flat. But you had much higher net income in the quarter, and then it looks like there was some sort of working capital build. Can you give a little more color on that?
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, of course. Cash flow was driven by strong earnings growth. Partially offsetting that, we did have a large tax refund in the first quarter of 2009 that had an adverse impact on this year's cash flow. That would really be the key item. We did have some settlement on some hedging contracts as well in the first quarter, and those are really the drivers of our cash flow position.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And then a follow-up would just be in the share repurchases. It sounds like, correct me if I'm wrong, you're talking about shares now being flat year-over-year. So are you going to be buying back less stock in 2010 now than you thought before? Or do you think still think you'll do the $1.3 billion in 2010?
Ronald Dissinger: We're more likely to buy back less shares and to see that share repurchase back-end loaded. I should point out, we are committed to returning cash to shareholders as evidenced by the recent approval from our Board of Directors on the $2.5 billion share repurchase. We did increase our dividend by a strong 8% as well.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: You'll still do the $1.3 billion in 2010, is that correct?
Ronald Dissinger: Share repurchases are likely to be a little bit less. At this point in time, we're taking a position to maintain a very strong financial flexibility position, strong liquidity position, given that the financial markets remain volatile. For instance, look at what's going on over in Europe. Even if we buy back less shares this year, we're quite confident in hitting our 11% to 13% currency neutral earnings per share.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jonathan Feen of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jonathan Feen - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I specifically wanted to dig in on some of the disruption and a little more on the disruption in, I guess, the marketing calendar for one of your major competitors in the spring and summer last year. Can you talk about the performance, particularly in incremental sales in both measured and non-measured channels in Q2 and Q3? And what steps, if any, are being taken right now to sort of make up for what looks like, on the face of it anyway, a fairly daunting comparable?
A. D. MacKay: Can you be a little bit more specific, Jonathan?
Jonathan Feen - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Sure, David. It seemed like post last year in the transition lost quite a bit of incremental sales, promotional sales momentum with key retailers. And it seems from the data at the time that Kellogg was, I mean, laudably so, the benefactor of a lot of that interruption. It was very opportunistic. And I'm wondering if A, is that true? And B, if so, does that create difficult comparables? And how does that look in the Cereal business for the spring and summer period now?
A. D. MacKay: Without wanting to get too specific on what a competitor might do, there's no question that they did appear to trail off in their activities, and I think we saw a significant ramp up in Q1. We'd expect them to do that probably in Q2. I don't know what will happen in the back half. But while their incremental is up significantly, and there is a degree of interaction more specifically with Kellogg than maybe others. Their share, I think, was flat for the quarter, so I think you'd have to direct that to them really.
Jonathan Feen - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Well, let me ask you this way, David, if you don't mind. Sorry to keep pushing on it, but if you had excellent -- what's the typical for promotional sort of sales? I mean, what's the typical sell-in [ph] period? Because if you had excellent promotional sales numbers, and let's just say theoretically July or August, when would that have shift?
A. D. MacKay: Are you saying when is the peak for the Cereal category?
Jonathan Feen - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: No, I guess I'm asking what's the total sort of sell-in [ph] period for promotional sales in the Cereal category on average. How long -- what is it for revenue recognition at Kellogg to get ahead [ph] at the retail register?
John Bryant: Jonathan, it's John here. It only takes us about three or four months to negotiate to a trade activity with the customer, and then we'll shift a week or so before the actual deal.
Operator: And our next question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just following up on the cereal question here as well. David, you alluded to your share performance, I think, was down 20 bps in all channels. But alternative channels, I think you did better. So can you just kind of walk us through what you're doing better in terms of alternative, and what's going on in the maybe more traditional channels that you're not doing as well, from a share perspective. And then as inflation picks up in the back half, can you just give us some broad perspective on your ability to take another round of pricing maybe not this year but kind of 2011 and on?
A. D. MacKay: I think on the alternative channels, you are seeing, as I mentioned, some channel shifting. I think Club in general terms is growing very fast, and so is dollar relative to the retail environment. And we likewise did pretty well in those channels. I think that's not just a Kellogg phenomenon. I think that's relatively consistent probably for most companies. And I think as we've looked at it, it is an indication consumers are looking for deals, watching the absolute dollar amount they spend. And we saw that in the first quarter in the Cereal category for ourselves, but it was pretty consistent I think probably for those sectors to have grown above dollar, and Club in particular, the growth rate for the retail. As far as the second question, Judy, on inflation and pricing, it's way too early to be commenting on any of that. I think as John mentioned for this year, or Ron did, we're 80% hedged for 2010. We'll see what happens in the back half of the year, and we don't know if we -- if we decide to do something then we'll notify the market.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: David, just going back to the channel question, maybe I missed this, but you said your share in Cereal was down 20 bps. Are you gaining share in alternative or that was in -- you just thought you did better in alternative?
John Bryant: Judy, it's John here. If you look at the IRI data, looks like we offset 30 basis points a share across all channels. Looks like we offset 20 basis points. So we did gain some slight share in the alternative channels, and that was primarily in Club and drug. And I think a part of that is some softer year-ago comparisons in those channels. And as David said, those channels themselves are growing because the consumer is shifting more into those channels.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: If you could just give us a little bit more color on the Eggo rebuild. I guess first, in terms of -- if I heard it right, you've got production capacity pretty much back to where it was before the disruption happened. So if that's the case, are you going to be shipping ahead of consumption for, I guess, the next quarter or two as you rebuild inventory? And then also, have you lost any shelf spaces? Are you basically going back into the same amount of shelf space you were in before the disruption? And then also, maybe if you could just talk about what you're going to do to sort of re-engage consumers? Will you price promote or advertise more? Just trying to get a sense for what the plan is to get people back into the brand?
John Bryant: If think if you look at Eggo, our production is getting back nearly to where it was. We have been focused on rebuilding our customers inventories, and we need to continue to build on into our own inventories. And so I don't think we're going to be shipping that much ahead of consumption going forward. As you look into the back half of the year, we are now turning on more of our demand plan to try and drive demand. And to do that, obviously, we will have the whole range of that normal demand planning, demand driving initiatives, advertising, et cetera, to try to bring that market back to its more normal level. In terms of shelf size or shelf space, what we'll say there is we've been operating around 15 SKUs. That's going to go up to probably something like 19 SKUs. It's still well below the 40-plus that we had before the event. So the good news is, is that the core is very strong. And that the brand is very strong, and we're very confident this business is going to come back aggressively because we've seen consumers really holding in there with us. And I do expect a much better back half than front half.
A. D. MacKay: I'd also add that our customers are being very understanding through this difficult period. And I think that they will be very supportive as we start to improve their service levels and really start to re-engage with consumer activity in the back half.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then is the restoring of your capacity, is that all -- have you basically reinstalled or installed all of the equipment you needed to install? Or is it because you've procured more co-packing?
John Bryant: We're still working on the capacity solution. So we will build additional capacity coming online later on, probably towards the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Bivens of JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just in terms of the SKU rationalization, which kind of surprised us with a bit last year. Did that play any part in your volume performance? Anything we should look at there particularly going forward?
A. D. MacKay: Yes. I think, Terry, it did and it played into our share performance. If you look at the impact of the SKU rates in the first quarter, it was about 8/10 of a share. That will be fairly consistent probably through Q2, and then will start to dissipate pretty significantly in the second half. But we're not using that as an excuse. It was something that we needed to do. I think it'll end up being a positive for us. But it's another factor why we're actually looking at the second half being somewhat stronger than the first half.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Obviously, the cut in advertising has something to do with your innovation calendar in Cereal, I would think, as well as the Eggo. Is there anything, as we look forward and you're on your way to get to the increase in advertising you spoke of, is there going to be any particular quarter we should be alert to as being kind of a bulge on the upside in your advertising?
A. D. MacKay: I think Q2, Q3, you'll see pretty strong increases. The reason in the first quarters was there was much Eggo as anything. We didn't have any support for the Eggo brand in Q1 versus a year ago. And then all it takes is for a campaign or initiative to slip from one quarter to the next. And you can have a point or two shift in your advertising spend. So hopefully, we've made it clear that there is nothing fundamentally changed in our approach to advertising. It's purely timing, driven by Eggo in Q2, Q3. You'll see stronger support and stronger activity for the rest of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Let's start with the share count. I don't understand the math here. Unless there is a ton of common stock equivalents that you think are coming due, even if you spend your normal $650 million at roughly $55 a share, I mean, that's enough on a weighted basis to have a 1% reduction in your share count. And it seems to me that based on what you've been saying, you're going to spend at least $600 million. So can you tell me why the share count shouldn't be down?
Ronald Dissinger: Eric, the exact amount that we intend to spend this year, I don't think we necessarily communicated that. We did buy back some shares as we discussed in the first quarter. We do have options exercises that partially offset any share repurchases that we make. And as I communicated earlier, we expect any share repurchases to be very back-end weighted at this point in time. It's more of a timing matter though than anything, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess we can discuss it offline, I just -- your cash flow is about as visible as -- I mean, it's better than a lot of countries. I mean, why wouldn't you be buying back now if you're so confident? I don't get it. I mean, the idea that the financial markets have tightened up, I mean, not for you.
A. D. MacKay: We remain very, very positive about our business. And clearly, I think, the timing of the buyback, the increase to demonstrate that we are returning cash to shareholders both in the increase in the three-year to $2.5 billion, plus the 8% dividend, hopefully sends that message clearly. The timing of the buyback just gives us a little bit more flexibility. But we remain very positive about the Kellogg stock.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Second thing, on a more fundamental basis. I don't understand how Mills [General Mills] a month ago kind of indicates that the Cereal category all outlets in the U.S. is up 3%, and now you're saying it's down. I mean, there's only basically been a month between the two of you. So unless the cereal category fell off a cliff, which is just not possible, why is there such difference between the two kind of quotes for the category?
A. D. MacKay: You'd have to ask them, but I mean if we just look at IRI data, whether you look at the four-week, the eight-week or the 12-week, you're seeing IRI, which understates the category performance, down five, down three, down two and a half. So even if you add back at least a couple of points for that, it would indicate that the first month of the year, the second month of the year and the third month of the year, round out the quarter, the category was showing a degree of softness relative to year ago. And I think our view on that is primarily that relates to, as we said, the comps versus a year ago in the category grew 6% to 7%, which to be quite frank, I think was a demonstration of the shift we've seen in consumer patterns: More people eating at home, more people actually buying cereal because it was great value. The category got a significant bump this year, not that, that is necessarily turned around. That comp makes it difficult. You've got retailers driving traffic to their stores, consumers being a lot more sensitive to value, buying on deal, channel shifting. All of those things in combination meant that the category is down slightly. But as we said, we think that may be the case in the second quarter. But as we get through the second half, we think the category is going to come back to more normal levels.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I'm not exactly clear, I mean, not that it's the biggest thing in the world, but in answer to Brian's question, John, I don't understand the Eggo Waffle stuff. I mean, I think you said that your production is now back to pre-disruption levels. You've got 15 SKUs in the market. You're going to 19, and you normally have 40? So how can you be back at pre-disruption levels if you're only shipping half your SKUs? That's unclear to me.
John Bryant: Well, to be clear, Eric, we're not back to pre-production levels. We're nearly back to pre-production levels. So we are a little bit shy of where we were. And like any business, the 80-20 rule applies to the SKUs that we have, and mostly volume that's going through those core SKUs. I'm not sure when or if we get back to 40 SKUs because some of those SKUs just weren't turning at the rate that we probably should've had them turning at. So I think we've got our core in place, it's well served and I think we can grow from this core.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just wanted to ask a question. Earlier on, I think it was in your commentary, Ron, you talked about overall tonnage being up about 0.5%. I think you said Cereal was up 2%. Is that a Global Cereal number you gave?
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, that is a Global Cereal number.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then that Cereal being up 2%, Global Cereal, I think you said it was offset by Russia, China, and some of the continuing activity there. I think you also mentioned Brazil and Venezuela. To better quantify the Russia, the China, the Brazil, the Venezuela, was that about a one and a half percentage point hit to volume in the quarter. Could you give a little more color on that?
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, to sum all of those items up, Russia, China, they would be a big factor contributing to bringing us down to roughly half a point of increase. And then I also mentioned that the peanut butter-related recalls, Eggo, Venezuela, Brazil, those are virtually offsetting, if you take all of those and kind of wrap them together.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then I just wanted to ask about the promotional -- I guess, really looking at your price mix component in the quarter, it was up a little over 1%. Could you give me a little better feel for how promotional spending was in the quarter as well as your product mix? Was mix positive and was commercial spending deeply felt in the quarter?
Ronald Dissinger: The benefit we had in gross margin from pricing was as a result of lapping some of the earlier in 2009 price increases that we executed. So we've got some benefit that quite frankly, as we look to the future quarters, likely won't be there. We did see a little bit of positive improvement from a mix standpoint as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: Question on base trends in Cereal. I know you're a fan of that metric, as am I. Your base trends had been weak, we see it since the middle of last year. Could you perhaps kind of give an assessment as to why do you think consumer pull for Kellogg's portfolio perhaps started to weaken that time, aside from the discontinuance of certain things like toast snacks? And as we look ahead, obviously, you have the benefit of comparison, and you're pushing on some new sort of health news with fiber. But how do you see base trends and consumer pull perhaps rolling through the year, hopefully improving in 2010?
A. D. MacKay: I think if you look at the soft base, David, a part of it is consumers buying more on deal. If you look at the base of that core, for the quarter, it's down in line with the category. Our base has also been hurt by the SKU rationalization. Long term, we'd like to see more base, and we hope to see that as we go to the second half. And we are very pleased that overall, our profit was still very solid.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: David, you don't see any sort of specific portfolio reason for that? I mean, obviously, the base trends are haven't been uniform across the cereal world. But is there something that you thought that you were missing last year? Is that kind of the rationale for this fiber thing, you just didn't have the wellness news to go to battle?
A. D. MacKay: No, the fiber additions in a number of kids products are all about trying to strengthen and differentiate our foods and address specific nutritional needs in the populations we serve. And 90-plus percent of kids and adults in the U.S. don't get enough fiber in their diet. We've tried to add it in a way that doesn't impact the taste of the product, so we can actually help address that deficiency. But really I think the base is one of the causes. There are a couple of other brands that on a year-versus-year basis, like Special K and All-Bran, where we had very strong support a year ago, wasn't working and we pulled. That's also impacted the base. But general terms, we'd like to see our base get stronger. We're hoping that will happen in the second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: Can you give us a sense of energy costs rising? That seemed to be the big factor in why you raised your cost inflation guidance for the year. I think you were at 3%, and now you're at 4%. So is that really a function of your direct store delivery and your expectation for cost there? And then secondly, advertising expense, your spot rates are rising quite a bit. I've heard as much as 20%. You're probably locked in for the most part. But are you going to have to use the spot markets at all in the back half due to the shift in advertising that you're planning for the year?
Ronald Dissinger: Let me comment first on the cost pressures. I believe we've previously told you approximately 3% expected increase, and now we're suggesting 3% to 4%. We do have better visibility now that we've gotten through the first quarter. We are seeing slightly higher increases in our factory costs. Not necessarily related to energy, though fuel is ticking up a little bit. I wouldn't say that it's monumental. We are spending a little bit of money in Brazil and Venezuela as a result of the disruptions that we saw there. Remember, I mentioned also the commodities turned around a little bit on us. That was included in our guidance. We do still feel quite comfortable at hitting that 100 basis point improvement in gross margin, however.
A. D. MacKay: I think, Robert, on the advertising question, we feel pretty okay for 2010. We are noticing, as you're seeing, some spot increases in maybe in the back part of the year. So that may be something we're going to have to think about as we get more data and we look to 2011. But the other area, of course, in the whole advertising mix is the increased focus on digital and what we're doing to manage cost and drive efficiency will help offset and mitigate some of that as we go through this year and into next.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alec Patterson of RCM.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Just wanted to see, is there a figure that you guys usually provide for the cost of goods per ton X productivity and sort of your internal measure of what it was in the quarter?
A. D. MacKay: I don't think we've given anything that specific.
Ronald Dissinger: No, we haven't.
A. D. MacKay: Maybe the closest we'd come to that is probably giving a savings estimate of around 4%...
Ronald Dissinger: 4% to 5%. So where we've talked about cost pressures being roughly 3% to 4% increased savings are expected to be more in the range of 4% to 5%, contributing to us getting to the 100 basis points of margin improvement.
A. D. MacKay: Does that help?
Alec Patterson - RCM: Yes, that's fine. And I do have, maybe it's just a comment, but circle back to the Eric Katzman's comments about the share repurchase. I mean, money back to shareholders, in effect the dividend increase is basically in line. And the amount you were talking about for this year has been materially reduced on the share repurchase basis. So net net, it's down. So I guess, is there something on the cash flow outlook that's changed? Can you give a sense of why the net amount here is being reduced?
A. D. MacKay: What we said is that we don't think our shares outstanding are going to change much. We haven't said exactly what we're going to buy back, when we're going to buy back. We've said that we don't think shares outstanding are going to change much this year. But we've also said that regardless of where we end up on share repurchases in 2010, we're very confident about hitting our 11% to 13% currency neutral EPS guidance.
Kathryn Koessel: Alright. Operator, I think our hour is up. And I want to thank everybody for joining us today. And if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to call me. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 09:30:00) =====
Executives:  Kathryn Koessel – Vice President, Investor Relations  A. D. David Mackay – President and Chief Executive Officer  John A. Bryant – Chief Operating Officer  Ronald Dissinger – Chief Financial Officer  
Analysts: Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Cornell Burnette - Citi Investments David Palmer - UBS Investment Research Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Alex Patterson - RCM  Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corp. Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Kellogg Company fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator's Instructions). At this time I will turn the call over to Kathryn Koessel, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Koessel, you may begin your conference.
Kathryn Koessel: Thank you, Christina. Good morning, thank you for joining us today and welcome to the review of our 2009 fourth quarter and full-year results and a discussion of our ongoing strategy and outlook. Joining me are David Mackay, our President and CEO, John Bryant, Chief Operating Officer and Ronald Dissinger, Chief Financial Officer. The press release and slides that support our remarks today are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company’s future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, up-front costs, impact of the recalls and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder a replay of today’s conference call will be available by phone through Monday February 8th, the call will also be available via webcast which will be archived for 90 days.  Now let me turn it over to David.
A. D. David Mackay:  Thanks, Catherine and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report another strong year of sustainable, dependable performance of the Kellogg Company, our business model and focus strategy are helping us weather the tough consumer and customer environment and positioning us for growth now and well into the future despite the current economic backdrop. Our focus has been and will continue to be to sustainably grow the top-line, drive investment in our brands, build an effective and cost efficient infrastructure and consistently deliver solid results for the long-term.  As I said last quarter, and I think it bears repeating, 2009 is certainly presented us with challenges and yet at the same time, given us opportunities to build an even stronger Kellogg Company. The weaker global economic environment has lessened the inflationary pressure on pricing and increased distress level on consumers which has translated into moderating top-line growth. However, consumers are seeking ways to maximize value and trading into some of our core categories such as, cereal and markets like the U.S. and the U.K.  Consumers recognize that our brands recognize value great taste and good nutrition so that positions us well for the future, another benefit of the weaker economy is media deflation in key markets. As a result our increased investment and advertising has significantly grown our underlying impressions. On an internal basis, our advertising grew 15% in the back half of the year and nearly 7% for the full year.  As discussed at our (inaudible) and on previous earnings calls, we've been focusing on improving productivity and reducing costs. We completed the first year of our three year billion dollar plus cost reduction program. In 2009 we exceeded our expectations in cost savings, now adding a plus to the billion dollar challenge, the result? Strong earnings per share growth and record cash flow for 2009.  Benefiting from the 2009 momentum we enter 2010 with a solid pipeline of innovation and renovation as well as a renewed commitment to productivity and cost savings. We continue to focus on building a Kellogg Company resilient to economic conditions and poised to forge ahead.  With excellent financial visibility into our future financial performance we remain confident in our ability to deliver another year of sustainable and dependable growth. And with that I'd now like to introduce our newly appointed CFO, Ron Dissinger for the review of financials. Ron, over to you.
Ron Dissinger: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone. Let me begin with a summary of our 2009 financial results on slide four, as David said despite the challenges of a weak economy in a competitive landscape, we had a good year. We met and exceeded our 2009 guidance on growth rates of 3%-4% internal net sales, 8%-10% internal operating profit and 10%-12% currency neutral earnings per share. In 2009, out internal net sales grew 3%, with strong operating profit growth at the top-end of our range. As you are aware our internal numbers exclude the effect of foreign exchange acquisitions and a 53rd week in 2008, our net sales growth reflects a particularly strong year in retail cereal and a solid year in retail snacks, which helped to off-set the pressures we experienced in our food severance business due to industry trends, and the supply disruption in our Eggo Waffle business.  We continue to invest in our brand and we've increased our up-front cost investments to $0.26 per share for the full-year compared with $0.14 per share in 2008. Our solid sales performance combined with our cost savings and our productivity initiatives as well as moderating commodity inflation drove 10% internal operating profit growth for the year. This resulted in our full-year 2009 earnings per share of $3.16 a 6% increase on a reported basis and a 13% increase on a currency neutral basis.  As we said on our third quarter call, we expected below the line items to negatively impact our full-year and fourth quarter results. The primary drivers include full-year interest expense of $295 million, which includes the cost of the bond tender offer, completed in December 2009. This enabled us to refinance a portion of our 2011 bond maturity at an attractive interest rate. Impacting the other income and expense line was a charitable contribution in the fourth quarter.  In addition, we took an approximate $0.02 hit to our earnings per share in the fourth quarter from the impact of Venezuelan. The situation in Venezuela is changing rapidly, however profits from this business are only 1%-2% of total company results and we think we are appropriately positioned. Partially off-setting these expenses we'd benefitted from some discrete favorable tax items in 2009, lowering our tax rate to 28.2%. On slide five we'll walk through the components of our internal sales growth for the fourth quarter and full year. Year-over-year reported net sales for the full-year 2009 declined by 1.9%, on an internal basis net sales grew 3%.  The following components contributed to our sales performance, our (inaudible) declined by seven tenths of a point during the year, much of this decline came from our continued transition away from low margin products in Russia and China and the Eggo supply disruption. This decline masks a strong volume performance in cereal. Price and mix contributed 3.7 points of growth to the business, currency reduced our reported growth by 3.7 points and acquisitions increased our reported growth by a modest three tenths of a point. Also note that the 53rd week on the fourth quarter of 2008, impacted our reported sales growth unfavorably by 1.5% for the full year.  Each of our operating segments contributed to net sales growth for the year, internal net sales for North America increased 2.8%, Europe rose 1.6% and Latin America grew 6.8%, while Asia Pacific improved by 5%. Our fourth quarter internal net sales grew approximately 2%.  Now, let's turns to slide six to discuss cost pressures. As expected commodity prices moderated during the year, reducing our cost pressures and cost of goods sold to approximately 3%. This compares to much higher inflation rates of the past several years. Our billion dollar plus challenge cost reduction initiatives combined with price execution early in the year more than offset these cost pressures in 2009, and improved our growth margin during the year. For 2010 we expect cost pressures to remain at approximately 3%.  For 2009, our gross profit was $5.4 billion. On an internal basis our gross profit grew 6% for the year. Gross margin increased 100 basis points to 42.9% due to price increases as well as savings initiatives and cost of goods sold and these more than offset inflation and higher upfront costs. Internal gross margin was up 120 basis points and if we exclude the impact of upfront costs, gross margin was up 160 basis points for the year. For 2010 we expect gross margin improvement of approximately 100 basis points. As you can see on slide eight, we have continued our commitment to reinvesting in our brands through advertising, it remains a key component of our business model and we believe essential to achieving our long-term goals. As we have said, we experienced media deflation in the year, lower prices combined with increased media efficiencies, and increased investment resulted in a significant increase in impressions. In 2010 we expect our advertising to grow at a higher rate than sales, even with expected media deflation in key markets. Slide nine highlights are internal operating profit growth by area. Despite heavy investment in advertising and upfront costs our North America business still delivered 11% internal operating profit growth. And in the fourth quarter North America internal operating profit increased by a healthy 25%, while Europe delivered moderate sales growth for the year both operating efficiencies and media deflation contributed to a strong 7% internal operating profit increase for the year.  In the fourth quarter, Europe delivered 13% internal operation profit growth. Latin America showed strong internal sales growth for the year, however, internal operating profit declined by 2%, significantly higher input costs and increased advertising contributed to the full-year decline. In addition, a December reduction in trade inventory impacted both full-year and the fourth quarter sales and profits. This trade inventory reduction increased advertising investment and higher upfront costs contributed to a 52% decline in internal operating profit for the fourth quarter. And in Asia Pacific internal operating profit increased by 14% for the full year driven by sales performance, however, increased advertising contributed to a 21% decline in fourth quarter internal operating profit. Now, let's turn to slide 10 to discuss cash flow. Managing for cash continues to be a key operating principle for Kellogg, we are focused on growing net earnings and remain disciplined about core working capital and our balance sheet. We delivered record cash flow of $1.27 billion in 2009. Our strong cash flow generation has given us flexibility to support our business and continue to return cash to shareholders.  Capital spending declined to 3% of net savings in 2009, versus 3.6% in 2008. As we said on our third quarter call for 2010, we expect capital spending to be approximately $500 million at the high-end of our 3%-4% range. Driven by capacity increased our Eggo Waffle network and cost to re-implement SAP across our Americas' businesses. Also in the fourth quarter we reduced our commercial papers significantly and took our net debt to one of the lowest of levels since the Keebler acquisition, providing us with a strong liquidity position. Given the potential for continued volatility in the economy we believe this position does very well for the future. For 2010 we expect our cash flow to be comparable to 2009, given the increase in capital spending. In sum, we were pleased with our 2009 performance posting solid sales growth and effectively managing our cost structure, while at the same time increasing our investment in advertising and upfront costs. We posted a double digit increase in internal operating profit, invested in our future growth and improved our financial visibility. It was a very good year for Kellogg delivering high quality earnings in a very difficult economic environment, another year of sustainable and dependable performance. Now let's turn to slide 12 for our expectations for 2010, we remain confident in our ability to deliver another year of sustainable and dependable growth and we are raising our 2010 currency neutral EPS forecast. We expect to continue to drive volume and mix to grow internal met sales to 2%-3%. Our focus on productivity and expected moderate inflationary environment and lower upfront cost should result in approximately 100 basis points of gross margin expansion.  2010 upfront investments are projected to be approximately $0.16 per share, about half of these costs are allocated to the K LEAN manufacturing initiative. While our upfront costs should help accelerate our internal operating profit growth to 8%-10%, which is above our long-term targets.  Below the line we expect interest expense to be in the range of $250-$260 million, our effective tax rate is projected to be between 30%-31%. Shares outstanding are expected to decline as we execute the remaining $463 million of the 2009 share repurchase authorization plus the $650 million we authorized for 2010. We expect to lower shares outstanding by 2%-3% for 2010. Our guidance for earnings per share has increased and is now 11%-13% growth on a currency neutral basis.  To understand the impact of foreign exchange on our 2009 results and in 2010, please turn to slide 13. As we discussed on previous calls, moving from currency neutral to reported earnings per share guidance requires us to estimate the impact of foreign exchange on our earnings per share performance. The full-year 2009 adverse impact of translational foreign exchange was $0.22 on EPS, up from our November estimate of $0.21.  Slide 13 shows our key current currencies for 2009 actual rates and current spot rates as of February 1, 2010. Based on these spot rates, foreign exchange is estimated to be flat compared with our earlier estimate of a favorable $0.08, approximately one half of the change is related to the devaluation of the currency in Venezuela. As you are well aware foreign exchange is a moving target, so we are prepared to update you on the impact on a quarterly basis. And now I'd like to turn it over to John to discuss our business operations.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron and good morning, everyone. We delivered strong results in 2009 and are well positioned to deliver another year of sustainable dependable performance in 2010. As you can see on slide 14, our 2009 North America internal sales grew 3% versus 6% last year. It was a particularly strong year for both retail cereal and snacks. However, weakness in frozen and food service, which I will address in a moment, dampened net sales for the year and particularly in the fourth quarter. As we look forward to 2010, we expect that North American sales growth will be in the low single digit range. Let me discuss each business in greater detail beginning with cereal on slide 15. (inaudible) cereal continues to be a strong category responding well to brand building, nutrition and innovation. Cereal is also great value and we have seen growth in all of our core markets around the world. By our estimate the (inaudible) cereal category in the U.S. grew around 2%-3% for the quarter and approximately 3% for the full year. Our category share increased approximately 20-40 basis points for the quarter and 10-20 basis points for the year. We continue to drive growth and support for our top eight brands plus Kashi, which on a combined basis grew more than 7% in the quarter and even more for the full year.  North American ready-to-eat Cereal business delivered a healthy 4% internal net sales growth for the full year it was up 6% for the quarter, driven by a double digit increase in advertising. In addition, to the growth in our large brands, there were two other factors which impacted our North American cereal shipments in the fourth quarter. Firstly, as we've mentioned before we've continued to manage the tail of our portfolio axing On-the-Go and Straws because performance was not meeting expectations. Secondly, we did build our trade inventories at the end of the quarter, in preparation of January events. We believe about 2% of our fourth quarter North American cereal shipments was due to trade inventory. Our innovation and renovation pipeline is solid, Fruit Loops and Apple Jacks with Fiber hit store shelves in August plus in Mini-Wheats, Little Bites, Original Flavor, Special K Granola and Cinnabon cereal will be introduced in the first quarter. Kashi is also introducing Go Lean Crisp, two new bare naked granolas. Kellogg Canada also continued to perform well in the cereal category with share growth in both the quarter and the year. Kashi's performance was particularly strong in Canada.  Turning to our North American snack business we posted a full-year internal net sales increase of 3% and 5% in the fourth quarter. On slide 17 you can see that we achieved broad based growth across our North America snack business. Our pop-tart brand is performing well, delivering mid-single digital internal net sales growth for the year. Crackers grew mid-single digits for the year driven by another strong year from Cheez-Its. In the first quarter we are launching two new SKUs of Wheatables Nut Crisps and two new SKUs of Cheez-Its.  Cookies posted a slight gain for the year, driven by the fudge shop and mother's brand, and we saw some softness in the fourth quarter due to heavy promotional activity and ranging. Within snacks our best performing category was wholesome snacks, which grew double-digits for the year and achieved strong share gains. The introduction of FibrePlus, Special K Chocolaty Pretzel and Cinnabon bars helped drive wholesome snack growth for the year.  Turning to the frozen and specially (inaudible) business we experienced a tough 2009. The negative trends in the food service industry and the Eggo supply disruption contributed to a 13% decline in the quarter, to finish the year down 1%. A combination of a flood and extensive enhancements and repairs at our Eggos' facilities significantly impacted production in the second half of the year. While all of our plants are operational we have not been able to achieve previous capacity levels so demand continues to exceed supply. We are evaluating our inventory plans and working hard to increase capacity, however as a result of the supply disruption the impact on the top-line will continue through the first half of 2010 and the estimated impact is included in our 2010 guidance. On a more positive note, Morning Star Farms Veggie Foods net sales grew over 3% for the year gaining over one share point, Kashi frozen meals grew over 10% for the year capturing almost 25% of the national organic meal category.  Our Food Away From Home business posted lower sales for the year and the quarter, reflecting the weak economic environment and the impact that this has had on the food service industry. We don’t expect to see significant improvement in this business until the middle of 2010. Please turn to slide 19, we will discuss the international business. Outside North America our international business continues to perform well delivering 3% internal net sales growth for the year. In Europe the operating environment remains difficult. As anticipated the first half of 2009 was flat due to custom issues, but regained momentum in the back half of the year. Europe delivered 2% internal net sales growth for the year and 2% for the quarter. In the fourth quarter Europe achieved share gains in the U.K., France and Italy supported by an increase in brand impressions. Crunchy Nut and Rice Krispies in the U.K. and Extra and (inaudible) throughout the continent contributed to this growth. In Russia, we continue to transition away from bulk to higher margin packaged biscuits and cereal and we also achieved significant package share gains in those categories. However, the large reduction in the bulk business adversely impacted the overall volume picture in Europe and for the entire company. In 2010 Europe is expected to deliver low single digit sales growth, despite a continuing tough economic environment.  Turning to Latin America we delivered strong results with 7% internal net sales growth for the year despite flat internal net sales in the fourth quarter. During the quarter we reduced trade inventories in Mexico and the Caribbean and experienced supply constraints in Venezuela. In Mexico we gained share growth in the quarter and the full year aided by the success of newly launched all-bran Yogofibara(ph) and a new long-target media campaign for Zucaritas. Looking to 2010, Latin America is projected to deliver mid single digits growth in internal sales, we enter the year with healthy trade inventory levels, good consumption momentum and strong commercial plans. For the full-year our Asia Pacific business delivered 5% internal net sales growth building upon last year's growth of 8%. Our businesses in South Korea, Australia and India all had strong cereal performance. In China we continue to move away from low-margin volume which impacted the fourth quarter and will continue to impact the first half of 2010. For Asia Pacific we expect to see top-line growth in the mid single digit range in 2010.  And now, I'd like to turn it over to David for closing remarks.
A. D. David Mackay: Thanks, John. In summary we are pleased with our 2009 performance, we entered 2010 with confidence in our business model and focus strategy, yet at the same time we are realistic, given the head winds of a volatile economy and consumers struggling under significant stress. While current conditions are unusual, we will continue to drive the business to overcome these challenges.  Our financial performance of 2010 will be strong, given our cost savings and activity momentum and investments we're making. The top-line is expected to be in line with our long term guidance, and we have a clear focus to leverage the current tough environment to take advantage to build Kellogg into an even stronger company for the futures. We're planning to grow our top-line through exciting innovation and renovation and continued investment in advertizing. We're optimizing our global organization and striving for enhanced effectiveness in many areas of our business. We're off to a great start with the completion of the first year of our three year billion dollar plus challenge. We've significantly increased our investment in upfront costs which will help grow the efficiency gains, help offset commodity and energy inflation in future periods, and provide the fuel to sustain our momentum. And we will continue to reinvest heavily in the future of our business as we did in 2009. All of these elements combined with excellent financial visibility support our increased confidence that we're on track to deliver our timely rates of growth in 2010 and beyond. We've demonstrated our commitment to manage our business the right way, a long term, sustainable dependable performance. And I'd like to thank our shareholders for their continued interest in K and I'd like acknowledge and thank the K employees around the world for their dedication to the company and commitment to excellence as we begin 2010. And now I'd like to open it up to your questions.
Operator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. (Operator's Instructions) Our first question comes from Terry Bivens of J.P. Morgan. Please state your question. 
Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan:  Good morning, everyone. One of the things we've been looking at you know for several years – Wal-Mart's growth has considerably outpaced that of the general grocery industry. It appears that that may be slowing down and I guess this question would be for you, Dave. They are also for the time being cleaning out Action Alley and we think really hurting some companies that depend on that for merchandising space. I'd like to get your comment on that and just what sort of effect you think that will have on your domestic volumes as we move through this year. I know you don't like to talk about individual accounts, but if we could just get some sense of how you're looking at that?
A. D. David Mackay: Yeah sure Terry. I think first of all. In background perspective, if you look at North America in particular I think most retailers are feeling the impact of a degree of deflation, particularly when you look at the dairy and general produce sections and I think that's putting a lot of pressure on them. As costs rise and yet in many areas they're absolute sales are actually dropping a bit, and I think that's an area where most retailers are now looking to see how can they drive a greater efficiency and effectiveness through this supply chain and through their systems. We have been working with many of them, cutting our own SKU's looking to work with them to see where we can drive further efficiency. As far as talking about a particular retailer, I think a number of retailers have looked to clean up their stores a little bit. I think the impact of that is typically more felt in the DSD type area where you have the ability and have normally been able to build incremental displays. So where customers are cutting back on that, probably in our DSD area we're feeling it a little more than anywhere else. And most of that, we'll feel a little bit of impact of that probably through the first half and then most of the activity started mid-2009, so not material but probably a little bit of an impact. But in general terms I think when you look at the overall retail environment, very challenging given what's going on with some of the big segments being somewhat deflationary. 
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan:  Okay, thanks for that. I'll pass it on. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please state your question. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Thanks. I just wanted to know what your outlook is for commodity cost inflation. I don't think I quite picked it up on the call. The fourth quarter came in a little lighter than we had expected, and yet you're raising guidance for the internal operating income, so can you give us a sense of what degree that is just related to commodity costs or any kind of incremental cost savings that you're getting – why did you raise the guidance?
A. D. David Mackay: Well, just specifically on commodity costs, we're expecting that our cost of goods for the year will rise about 3%, and when you look at that it's driven by employee benefits and wages, some packaging costs, sugar is at a thirty year high. You know, some things are down, some things are up so you have a lot of offsetting components in there. But you know, pension and employee costs are also in that number, and that's relatively consistent with what we saw through 2009. What was the second part of the question?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I think that was the whole question. But to what degree is pension expense a benefit in 2010 on a comparison basis?
Ronald Dissinger: Pension expense is not a benefit as we move into 2010, this is Ron speaking. Actually we're seeing our employee related costs and specifically benefit costs increasing including pensions. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  So is it greater than 3% or is it around that same kind of basket level?
Ronald Dissinger: It's included in the 3% cost structures. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay and then just finally. I think some of us were hoping that there would be a kind of easy comparison in the first quarter compared to trade inventory de-loading a year ago but it looks like you got a benefit from loading inventory in North America cereal and forth, so can you just give it a sense of first quarter on the comparisons? Is it still an easy comparison or is it about neutral?
A. D. David Mackay:  Well – I think last year there were a number of companies that did see inventory reductions at the end of the year, I think on the call when we did this call a year ago we said we hadn't seen that, our inventory levels were relatively stable, and where we expect them to be. This year however in the cereal business for a variety of reasons we did notice that in Q4 our shipments were 6% and consumption was probably around four-ish and as we looked at our inventories they were slightly higher than we believe our customers would like them to be. So on a shipment base we'll see a couple percent of what we saw in fourth quarter come out in first quarter. It's nothing more than that, making sure we manage our inventory levels to an appropriate level on behalf of our retail partners, and then the other impacts that you'll see probably in the first and second quarter for us as we mentioned the Eggo disruption which will impact through the first half, and food service probably because it started to hit us in the back half of 2009, given we're pretty much non-commercial, our food service versus the restaurant type trade. That'll have an impact through the first half too. But that's all balanced into the full year guidance of 2%-3%.  
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Investments. Please state your question. 
Cornell Burnette - Citi Investments:  Good morning, this is actually Cornell Burnette calling in for David. Just wanted to ask you guys – just getting back to commodities. In your guidance, is any of that including the sell off that we've seen in the grain markets post the January 12 USDA report, or have you already been significantly hedged so you're not experiencing any of that benefit. 
A. D. David Mackay:  Yeah, we're about 70% hedged on a global basis at this point in time, Cornell, so you know. And the markets you're talking about have bumped around from low-ish to the much higher and back down a little bit. But for us, it's never our expectation when we take hedges we'll get it perfect at the top or the bottom but we're 70% hedged, so very comfortable where we're hedged. It puts us in a good position for 2010. 
Cornell Burnette – Citi Investment: Okay and then another correction if may just moving on to the consumer marketing side. I noticed obviously that gross profit margins were up 350bp's in the quarter but operating margins weren't, were actually down. I now you had some higher upfront costs here at running through the SG&A line, but it also wold also seem that advertising was up significantly in the quarter. Just wondering, was a lot of that concentrated in the international markets and particularly did you witness a big bump up in advertising spending in your developing markets kind of in line with the strategy to fund future growth there?
A. D. David Mackay:  Yeah, well our fourth quarter advertising was up very strongly and I think that was across the board. But I think in Europe it was up very strongly as it was in Asia Pacific and Latin America but it was also up strongly in North America. So our belief in advertising is that we have to invest in our brand to sort of keep the brand equity strong, continue to reinforce the value, the quality of the products we sell. Particularly in an environment where consumers need to be reminded of these things on an ongoing basis. So we think that puts us in good stead as we head into 2010.
Cornell Burnette - Citi Investment:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer of UBS. Please state your question.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Research:
Operator:  Hello, David, are you on the line? Okay our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein. Please state your question.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Hello there and good morning everyone. Can I ask about the competitive dynamics in the cereal segment that you are seeing? I mean, it seems as though advertising spending is increasing quite significantly. I guess we're seeing some of the smaller competitors taking pricing downwards to try and secure their share positions. Is that the main reason that we're going to see another bump in advertising spending next year as a percentage of sales given that you are already at fairly lofty levels versus the other packaged food companies of the U.S.?
A. D. David Mackay:  Well, I think firstly strong advertising and brand building is a fundamental part of our beliefs that underpins our ability to drive sustainable and dependable performance, so that's something you're going to see every year. We did see significant productivity benefits in 2009 plus a lot of cost saving benefits so while you're looking at a number for the year around 7%, I mean our impressions were significantly higher. We see that as a very positive thing. The cereal category remains strong, we gained share in Q4 and for the year just a little, we did see Quaker and to a lesser extent Post come back quite heavily but you've got to remember that this has always been a competitive category, nothing unusual. And Quaker had been out of the market for the back half of 2008 because of the floods, so for them that was just a return to being in the market. And Post had had some disruptions for the first half, so they were probably just getting back into it a little too. So nothing unusual and we think the category will remain strong, it's a very positive category to be in this sort of an environment.  
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein:  That's great. Thank you very much and can I – a real quick follow-up. On the rush in bulk shipped into more packaged product, is that likely to be finished by the end of the first half of the year, or is there a time frame by which that might be completed? 
A. D. David Mackay:  It will be ongoing. I think the magnitude we started at about mid-last year, so while it won't finish for the second half of this year, the degree of change will probably drop off. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: That's great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: My questions been answered, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question. Vincent, are you on the line? 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Sorry about that, I'm trying to juggle between a couple of calls here. My question would be – can you remind us when or what you were expecting in your fourth quarter 2009 guidance as it relates to both Eggo and then also what to place in Latin America. And then help us understand or quantify if you can what the impact will be in 2010 relative to what your guidance is?
A. D. David Mackay:  I think you've got two or three questions there on the Eggo supply situation in Q4. It had about a 1%-2% NSV impact on the total company for the quarter. We absorbed the OP impact into the year. For 2010 it's built into our guidance. We have said that you will see more of an impact on top line in the first half, but the OP impact is included in our guidance.   On Latin America, Q4 was a difficult quarter but very understandable. There was some inventory reductions in Mexico and the Caribbean, we had some issues in Venezuela, we had massive advertising, so it was more an issue driven by those three things. For 2010 our expectation is that Latin America will continue to grow at mid-single digits, so while the quarter might look a little odd we don't have any worries about Latin America for 2010, see if growing strongly again. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: So the 4Q – I guess I'm trying to understand for Latin America if that 4Q is sort a one-off and the rate that it should grow off would be a little more normalized fourth quarter or if we should consider that the base?
A. D. David Mackay:  Yes, on the top line that's a one off. And the bottom line is distorted from the factors I think Ron gave you during the call. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  Okay, and then just lastly, on the Eggo piece. I just couldn't remember what was in your guidance for the fourth quarter about that and was trying to understand whether it was better or worse than what you had expected or sort of told us to expect. 
A. D. David Mackay:  We really didn't get into a great deal of detail in the Q3 and as we went through Q4 we did see that we didn't make the improvements on restoring the capacity that we were hoping to make, and that's why for the quarter we saw net sales for the total company impacted about 1%-2%, so that's why we're being a little more specific on it now having done a lot of work and actually having arrived at a perspective for what is likely for 2010. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Perfect, that's very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator:  And our next question comes from Alex Patterson out of RCM. Please state your question. 
Alex Patterson - RCM :  Just following up on Vincent's questions about the frozen business. Is it your expectation that once you have the capacity back where you wanted it that your business given your very large share in the category should sort of go back to where it was in prior periods?
A. D. David Mackay: We've been working very hard to try and get back to our prior capacity levels after we had the flood and we did some enhancements and repairs, and that created a bit of the disruption. It's frustrating but we haven't been able to get back there yet. So demand currently exceeds supply. We're taking a pragmatic approach, we're evaluating our industry plans, we're going to work hard to increase capacity and we are looking to add capacity o Eggo, but that will probably take us a while. So we think 2010, it's baked into our guidance. First half there'll be impact until we lap what was a relatively soft second half. And once we're back to capacity then our expectation would be – the brand is very strong and we'll see a gradual return to the prior levels but forecasting where exactly that will be, Alex, I think is a bit premature.
Alex Patterson - RCM :  Okay, so just so I understand. You're forecasting that your capacity will be back online to normal levels by the middle of the year, roughly speaking. 
A. D. David Mackay:  More towards the end of the year if we're being pragmatic. We'd like to think mid-year but we're taking the view that it may be later than that.
Alex Patterson - RCM :  Okay, I understand now. So then on your gross margin outlook overall, you've got a cost of goods 3% outlook and then you've got a productivity that should probably exceed that, implying a good chunk of your gross margin increase source. Does that sort of paint a picture of pricing environment where you expect to be able to be a little more, I don't know promotional as need be, or more volume oriented than necessarily price mix oriented?
A. D. David Mackay:  I think the environment for 2010 probably we'll see minimal pricing. It depends region to region of the world. We are seeing inflation at higher levels in some parts of the world than others like Latin American. But in general terms on a global basis I think there will be minimal pricing so you know volume and mix will be more important, but that's why is essence you know we are giving guidance at our long term and top line range of 2%-3%, low single digits.
Alex Patterson - RCM :  Okay and then just Venezuela – you guys didn't really spell out the impact for 2010 in terms of hyper-inflationary accounting.
Ronald Dissinger: We're actually happy with our underlying business performance in Venezuela. It's only 1%-2% of our sales and profits as I mention before, we took a $0.02 hit in the fourth quarter. We did convert over to the parallel rate for translation of our profits in 2010, and that has impacted our earnings per share performance and I commented on that in terms of the currencies impact to earnings per share. It's roughly half of the $0.08 we declined so approximately four pennies. Our underlying business performance, the underlying growth will be just fine we do expect growth in Venezuela over the course of 2010.
A. D. David Mackay:  I think the only other comment on Venezuela is, you know it's a volatile situation. We're watching it carefully. We did have some display of disruptions to supply in the fourth quarter because there wasn't electricity and all of the raw materials we needed we couldn't necessarily access, so we've got a very strong watching brief on Venezuela and really to Ron's point, it did take our FX upside to 10 which we saw would be $0.08 and wiped out $0.04 of it in moving to the parallel rate, but that's all built into the guidance we've given today.  
Alex Patterson - RCM :  Great, thanks very much. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corp.: Thanks for taking my question. In the North America cereal business, do you think it's prudent to expect that sales there in the first quarter will be up year over year, just when you consider the inventory build in Q4, the full lapping of the price increases and then I think you also have a tougher market share comparison there. So I'm just trying to get a little bit more clarity on how you'd manage expectations just around, kind of next quarter.
A. D. David Mackay:  We'd expect growth in the first quarter. It will be modest given the fact that we are pulling down our inventories from year end through the quarter so you know, I'm not going to give you a number, but modest growth. 
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corp.: That's helpful, thank you . And then on the Eggo waffle issue you mentioned the 1%-2% sales impact on the fourth quarter. Would you be able to give us sort of a flow through assumption on that, just so we can get a better sense on what the EPS impact might have been on the quarter there.
A. D. David Mackay: No, we absorbed it into our results for 2009 and we've got it covered in 2010. 
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corp.: Okay, thanks, and then one more quick one if I could. At your analyst day in November you talked about a lot of seeing rationalization that took place in North America in 2009. I'm just trying to understand how to think about what that does from a sales comparison perspective and how much volume growth we might pick up in 2010, just given the fact that you're re-lapping against that pruning from 2009? 
A. D. David Mackay:  Yeah, the pruning is basically from about mid-2009 and will be completed by mid-2010 so you're going to have some impact in the first half. I don't think major. And really when we look at that we think that was a very proactive move to try and simplify our portfolio as our retail partners are looking to simplify theirs and manage what was a complex and tough environment from their perspective. Nothing major, a bit of an impact on the first half, but nothing worth really calling out. 
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corp.: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs. Please state your question. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:  Thanks, good morning everyone. Dave, I just wanted to go back to the question about the odd spending  and the competitive dynamic, because in 2009 clearly you've talked about the efficiencies and the productivities that you've gained and the ad side and there's a media deflation that's helped you as well. But at the same time you've also seen some of your competitors really take spending up in a pretty significant way. So I'm just wondering, if you think about 2010 you talked about ad spending growing faster than sales growth, but how meaningful does ad spending have to step up again, especially now that you're lapping the media deflation that you probably got in 2009 as well?
A. D. David Mackay:  Judy, firstly our view is in a couple of major markets we are going to see deflation, you know mid to high single digits. And that's built into our expectations, so while advertising will be above sales our impressions will be significantly enhanced by that assumption that we're very comfortable with. So again, when you look at the base dollar spend, if you take 2009, I mean you could add , 5%-8% from our dollar spend to our true impressions and therefore in-market impact, and likewise for 2010. That deflation is really going to help us get a lot more impressions for a much lower cost. Our view is that – I think strategic approach of investing behind your brands in this sort of market is clearly one that most other major branded companies are recognized support that they're trying to catch up on. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:  I guess it's more just on the relative spending side. Because I mean, clearly even with media deflation you've seen your competitors raise spending much more in 2009 and at the same time your sales growth sort of slowing down, albeit within your long term target, I mean you were doing internal sales growth mid to high single digits and it seems like that slowed down. And I'm wondering whether you think there's any correlation to your ad spending maybe not being as much up as some of your competitors. 
A. D. David Mackay:  No, I don't think so. I mean, you look at our performance on sort of the cereal category. We grew share for the year, we released share in the quarter. The category was strong so to the extent that other branded competitors were increasing their spend, that's positive for the category. It's not like you can segment. You take your advertising up more than the other guy you're going to get share, it's a healthy thing for the category, it's a positive dynamic for all of us in my view. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning everybody. Two just detailed ones and then a broader picture one. The interest expense hit from the refinancing, how much was that?
Ronald Dissinger: Approximately seven pennies. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Seven cents, okay. And then the charitable contribution in the other income line, how much was that?
Ronald Dissinger:  Approximately four pennies. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Four pennies. Okay. And then the – I guess the broader question. Can you help me understand why, maybe this follows up a little on Judy's question, but why SG&A as percentage of sales in the quarter was so high? You know, you've been running roughly 26%, 27% of sales and yet this quarter it jumped to close to 30 %, 31%. What's happening there and do you think that's kind of what – well just why don't we go there?
Ronald Dissinger:  There are really two key items there Eric. First is, in recollect we had indicated on previous calls that we were going to increase our advertising investment double digit in the back half of the year.  
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Yeah, but we've been doing that forever so I'm not buying that one.
Ronald Dissinger:  But those are the results. I mean we increased our advertising significantly in the fourth quarter and in addition to that our up-front costs were up significantly as well. It was the highest investment we had in upfront costs within ST&A. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I try to look at it excluding the upfront costs so I'm getting clearer picture, and not getting the swings from that. And even excluding that, it's still up significantly. So is that the Venezuela absorption, is that the hit from Russia, which is surprisingly large, I'm not sure why that keeps coming back for such a small acquisition. I don't understand. 
Ronald Dissinger:  It doesn't have anything to do with Venezuela or Russia. It's really the advertising and the upfront costs that are driving the performance.  
A. D. David Mackay:  Eric, I think what's happening a little bit is the upfront costs this year were – in the fourth quarter, one it was the highest quarter of the year for upfront costs and secondly it was largely in the SG&A line. \Which is a bit different to prior quarters in prior years. And also the advertising increase year on year is significant, it's about half the increase in the SG&A margin for all SG&A sales for this quarter. Now whatever advertising we spent in the fourth quarter wasn't so different to any other quarter in the year, but our sales base is lower in the fourth quarter because to seasonality and so it distorts the SG&A margin line.  
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: All right. Maybe I'll follow up, but I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Kathryn Koessel: Okay, one more question.
Operator: Okay and our last question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel Nicolaus. Please state your question.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  Hi, good morning. I just wanted to ask you. Looking at a little softer volume picture here for the company, and I'm just curious when you look at 2010, to the extent that you have big increase in advertising that occurred this year and it looks like it will occur again next year. What else is it you're doing to drive volume growth? The categories look like they're doing okay, but at the same time, new productivity is a little soft this year in 2009, is that picking up into 2010? Or perhaps, what are the levers that we should look at to judge your volume growth in 2010? 
John A. Bryant:  Chris, let me just clarify a little bit on volume in 2009 and then I'll hand it back over to David to talk about 2010, and I think Eric just raised this as well in terms of the impact of Russia. IF you look at volume in the fourth quarter we were down slightly, and the three big \drivers of that were actually China, Russia and frozen. In both China and Russia we're trying to move our business to a higher margin to premium packaged foods business from lower margin or bulk business in some of those markets. What that is doing actually means that we are moving away from some pretty big chunks of volume. And then of course, the frozen issue of Eggo disruption impacted our volume. If you could strip those out, our volume was actually very healthy in the quarter, in fact our cereal volume was up 3%-4% in the course, so we've seen good volume in the core of our business. There's some (inaudible) around the edges which is distorting volume. So we actually feel good about our volume performance.
A. D. David Mackay: Yeah, I think if you look at 2010, we'll see a volume grow, a little bit of mix, much lower levels of pricing, just as a result of what's going on with commodity and cost increases, so that's why when you look at our guidance of 2-3 being more in line with our top line it does reflect the fact that the pricing impact is going to be significantly lower, and it's been for probably the last three to four years. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, that's helpful. I guess it's good to get a little bit of perspective on how big those drags on the quaternion could have been because that seems like it could have been a bigger driver than any of us expect.
A. D. David Mackay: Yes, that could have been. We'll probably come back and give you a bit more color on that (inaudible) Just to give you a sense of what's happening there.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And then just one last one relative to your share repurchase activity. You've got a lot to do in the year, your debt level is down to a much lower level. Should we expect a pretty ratable amount of share repurchase throughout the year, are you trying to do any kind of one big, one time share repurchase for the year? 
Ronald Dissinger: You should expect it to be ratably over the course of the year, in fact we've already started some share repurchase at the beginning of the year. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great, thank you.
Kathryn Koessel: Well thank you everybody for joining us today. Please feel free to call me with follow up questions and we'll see you all in a couple weeks at Cagney. 
Operator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 09:30:00) =====
Executives: John Bryant - CFO David Mackay - President and CEO Gary Pilnick - General Counsel
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge  Ed Roesch - Soleil Securities Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Bryan Spillane - Bank of America  Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Terry Bivens - J P Morgan Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Kellogg Company 2009 Third Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I will turn the call over to Mr. John Bryant, Kellogg Company Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Bryant, you may begin your conference.
John Bryant: Thank you, Audrey. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for a review of our third quarter results. With me here in Battle Creek is David Mackay, President and CEO and Gary Pilnick, General Counsel. I'm also happy to introduce [Kathryn Kessel] our new Head of Investor Relations. We must point out that certain statements made today, such as projections of Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margins, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, cost savings, brand building, up-front costs and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday evening by dialing 888-632-8973. The passcode is 72183663. The call will also be available via webcast replay which will be archived for 90 days. Now, let me turn it over to David.
David MacKay: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. The third quarter was a strong one for Kellogg Company, continuing excellent momentum from earlier in the year and there's no doubt the current economic environment is difficult. However, our business approach is designed to achieve positive results, even during challenging economic conditions. We have sharpened our marketing and tried initiatives to reflect the pressure on our consumer, and we have been relentless in our pursuit of increased productivity through our three-year $1 billion cost reduction challenge. The current environment also creates opportunities for us. We have seen consumers trade into some of our core categories, such as cereal, in market like the US and the UK, as consumers seek to maximize the value received from every food dollar spent. We have also taken advantage of media deflation to significantly reinvest back into our brands. We still expect our advertising spend to be up double digits in the back half, with an even greater increase in underlying impressions. We believe that while the current economic environment is challenging, it also gives us the opportunity to build an even stronger Kellogg Company for the future. The third quarter results illustrate the continued resilience and relevance of our focused strategy and business model. Internal net sales which exclude the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions and shipping days grew 3% during the quarter, consistent with our expectation of 3% to 4% sales growth for the full year. Gross margin exceeded our expectation in the quarter. Excellent delivery from our $1 billion challenge enabled us to deliver gross margin expansion and while commodity costs have fallen as we expected, we are still seeing overall cost of goods inflation versus last year. We posted double-digit internal operating profit growth, exceeding our long-term annual target of mid single-digit growth, as momentum continued behind productivity and cost saving initiatives. Our EPS growth for the quarter was higher than expected, driven by strong internal operating profit delivery. Importantly, despite significant reinvestment in the business, we are also raising our currency neutral earnings per share guidance for 2009 and providing 2010 guidance above our long-term targets. As you can see, we remain focused on delivering sustainable and dependable growth for our shareowners in 2009 and going forward. We continue to have excellent visibility into our future financial performance. Now, I'd like to turn it over to John to walk you through the financials.
John Bryant : Thanks, David. Despite the challenges of a tough competitive landscape, a weak economy and tough comps, we met or exceeded our long-term annual targets of low single-digit internal net sales growth, mid single-digit internal operating profit growth, and high single-digit currency neutral EPS growth. Reported net sales were relatively flat for the quarter, including a negative foreign exchange impact. Internal net sales growth, which excludes the effect of foreign exchange, acquisitions and shipping days, was 3%, building on last year's strong 7% internal net sales growth. We continue to project 3% to 4% internal net sales growth for full year 2009. Reported operating profit increased by 6% despite the adverse impact of foreign exchange, significant reinvestment in advertising and higher up-front cost. Internal operating profit grew by strong 11%. This result was driven by our strong top-line performance and excellent delivery from our $1 billion challenge. We also delivered a high quality of earnings. We took advantage of our momentum to reinvest in the long-term health of our brands by increasing advertising by 17% on an internal basis in the quarter, and we executed up-front cost projects which adversely impacted operating profit growth by 6% year-on-year. Reported earnings per share rose ahead of expectations to $0.94, a 6% increase on a reported basis and a 12% increase on a currency neutral basis. This result was driven by strong internal operating profit growth, partially offset by unfavorability from foreign exchange. On below the line items, we had some discrete items, which reduced our tax rate to 26.8% for the quarter and lower interest expense year-on-year. However, this was more than offset by other income and expense. Let's take a closer look at the drivers in our sales growth on slide five. Third quarter reported sales declined 0.3%, driven by a 3.5% impact from currency. Internal net sales in the third quarter rose 3.1%, driven by pricing and volume growth. It is important to note that the third quarter is our toughest comparable for the year. We were pleased to see tonnage growth of about 1% in the quarter, driven by strong growth in global cereal volume, partially offset by softness in our US frozen and specialty channels business. On a year-to-date basis, internal net sales growth was a solid 3%, delivered by North America contributing 3% growth, Latin America 9%, Asia Pacific 6%, and Europe 1%. Gross margin for the quarter was up 120 basis points over last year's third quarter. The margin expansion was driven by price realization and delivery from our cost savings programs, despite continued inflation year-on-year and higher up-front costs. If we adjust for up-front costs in the quarter, our gross margin would have been up a 190 basis points year-on-year. Internal gross profit dollars grew a solid 7% for the quarter. Year-to-date gross margin of 42.9% is up 30 basis points year-on-year. If we adjust up-front costs, our gross margin would be up 90 basis points year-on-year. As expected, commodity prices and distribution costs have continued to decline and we now anticipate full year 2009 cost pressures at approximately 3% of cost of goods. For 2009, we are over 90% hedged on commodities on a global basis. Year-to-date results from our cost savings initiatives have offset inflation. Currently, our 2010 full-year outlook for cost pressures is approximately 3% of cost of goods, and we are approximately 40% hedged for 2010. Third quarter internal operating profit rose 11%, despite significant reinvestment back into the business in the form of increased advertising and up-front costs. North America internal operating profit rose a strong 10% versus last year's tough comparable of 15%, driven by top-line growth and gross margin expansion, offset by a significant increase in advertising. In addition, increased up-front costs reduced internal operating profit by approximately 3%. European internal operating profit grew approximately 7%. After a tough start to the year, our European business delivered internal net sales growth of 5% in the quarter, which helped drive a strong internal operating profit delivery, despite a mid single-digit increase in advertising on a currency neutral basis. Higher up-front cost investments reduced internal operating profit by approximately 8%. Latin America's internal operating profit declined by 3% in the quarter, due, in part, to a significant increase in advertising. Higher up-front cost investments also reduced internal operating profit by approximately 10% in the quarter, and in Asia Pacific, internal operating profit increased by 9%, driven by top-line performance and effective cost discipline. Higher up-front costs investments also reduced operating profit by approximately 10% in the quarter for Asia Pacific. Our commitment to investing in advertising continues to be key to our business model and to achieving our goals. During the third quarter, internal advertising spend increased versus last year by 17%, bringing our year-to-date growth to 4%. For the back half of the year, we continue to project that advertising will increase at a strong double-digit rate on an internal basis. We will also continue driving efficiencies in our more than $1 billion of annual advertising spend. Rather than take advantage of lower rates to reduce the cost of our advertising investment, we see this as a great opportunity to increase our investment and build even stronger brands for the future. Higher spend, combined with media deflation and a push on efficiency, is driving a significant increase in advertising pressure. Manage for cash has been a key operating principal for Kellogg for several years and we have redoubled our efforts in this difficult economic environment. This has helped drive a record cash flow performance, despite the adverse impact of foreign exchange. Cash flow for the quarter, $443 million, outpaces last year's strong delivery for this period. This brings our year-to-date cash flow to $978 million, well above last year's very strong performance. Given our strong cash flow performance year-to-date, we are now raising our full year cash flow guidance to approximately $1.2 billion, which still includes the impact of foreign exchange headwinds. This will be a record performance for Kellogg. Now let's turn to our 2009 guidance on the next slide. We have good momentum entering the fourth quarter, which gives us even greater visibility and confidence in achieving our full year goals. We continue to anticipate 3% to 4% internal net sales growth. We now expect gross profit margin to rise approximately 100 basis points for the full year. This is driven by higher than expected cost savings, slightly lower inflation and solid price mix performance. Note that we expect the impact from up-front costs to adversely impact gross margin by 40 basis points for the year, which indicate that the underlying gross margin expansion is closer to 140 basis points. The strong growth in gross margin has enabled us to increase our internal operating profit growth expectation to a range of 8% to 10%, despite the significant level of reinvestment in advertising and up-front costs. We continue to expect up-front costs to be approximately $0.26 per share for the full year. Below the operating profit line, we have a number of moving pieces. We now expect our full year tax rate to be between 28% and 29%, reflecting the benefit of some discrete items year-to-date. However, this will be more than offset by increases in both interest expense and expense items in the other income and expense line. We now expect full year interest expense of approximately $300 million, up from our prior estimate of $270 million. This reflects our intention to refinance part of our 2011 bond maturity and issue new long-term debt. This enables us to improve our long-term liquidity position and take advantage of attractive long-term rates. On other income and expense, we have historically guided this line to be neutral. However, this year we expect a loss of approximately $10 million to $20 million, reflecting the impact of repatriating cash from some of our international operations and a charitable contribution. Regarding shares outstanding, during the third quarter we executed a portion of our $650 million share buyback authorization for 2009. We will continue to execute against this authorization and we will roll over into 2010 any unused portion. We do not expect our share repurchase activity to have a meaningful impact on earnings per share in 2009. The net impact of below the line items since our second quarter guidance is approximately $0.02 of adverse impact to EPS. However, this is more than offset by an anticipated increase in operating profit, which enables us to increase our full year earnings per share guidance to a range of 10% to 12% growth on a currency neutral basis, up from our original guidance of high single-digit growth. Please remember that this is despite the additional headwinds, increasing up-front costs from $0.14 per share last year to $0.26 per share this year. Moving from currency neutral to reported EPS requires us to estimate the impact of foreign exchange on our EPS performance. Slide 12 gives you a sense of how difficult it can be to reliably forecast foreign exchange. On the second quarter conference call, we provided the spot rates and estimated an adverse impact to EPS of 6% from foreign exchange. Some current spot rates would suggest that we should have good news from foreign exchange. However, there are two key reasons that this is not the case. First, the US dollar actually strengthened slightly in the intervening months and secondly, approximately 25% to 30% of our full year international net income is generated in the third quarter compared to only about 12% to 16% in the fourth quarter. The result is that we expect to have a 7% adverse impact to EPS due to foreign exchange for full year 2009, despite a weaker dollar today compared to the second quarter call. Also note that we have incurred approximately $0.23 of adverse impact to EPS from foreign exchange year-to-date. This would imply that all the bad news is in our actual results and we do not expect a foreign exchange headwind in the fourth quarter. For those of you looking to convert our currency neutral EPS guidance to a reported EPS guidance, if you assume current spot rates hold for the balance of the year, this would result in a $0.21 adverse impact from foreign exchange, providing a reported guidance range of $3.08 to $3.14 per share. Since this is the third quarter conference call, I would like to give you a sense on slide 13 of what we expect to see for 2010. We expect to continue to drive volume and mix, which will enable to us deliver top-line growth in the range of 2% to 3%, in line with our long-term annual target. Our continued focus on productivity, a relatively benign inflation environment and lower up-front costs should enable us to expand gross margin by approximately 100 basis points. We currently expect cost inflation of approximately 3% in 2010, offset by savings resulting from our $1 billion cost reduction challenge. We expect our up-front costs to decline to a range of $0.14 to $0.16 of EPS, down from this year's $0.26 per share. We intend to drop the $0.10 reduction to the bottom line in 2010. Going forward, we expect an ongoing annual base line of $0.14 to $0.16 in up-front costs. These up-front costs will be absorbed into the P&L as a regular part of our business operations. We will let you know if the level of up-front costs for a particular year is significantly different from this range. Lower up-front costs should help accelerate our internal operating profit growth to high single digits. Below the operating profit line, interest expense is expected to be approximately $265 million and the full year tax rate is forecast at a range of 30% to 31%. We also expect to execute the 2010 share buyback authorization of $650 million, which should help lower shares outstanding by 2% to 3% for 2010. We expect EPS to grow at a rate of 10% to 12% on a currency neutral basis in 2010, which is above our long-term guidance of 7% to 9% and largely reflects the lower level of up-front costs year-on-year On a currency neutral basis, we anticipate 2010 full year EPS in the range of $3.40 to $3.52. We plan on allowing the impact from foreign exchange to flow through to reported earnings per share, and we will provide updates as we progress through the year. However, for those of you looking to convert our currency neutral EPS guidance to a reported EPS guidance, if you assume the current spot rates from slide 12 hold throughout 2010, this would result in an $0.08 favorable impact from foreign exchange providing a reported guidance range of $3.48 to $3.60 per share. Now, I'd like to turn it to David for a review of the business.
David MacKay: Thanks, John. In the third quarter, North America produced 2% internal net sales growth on top of last year's strong 9% growth. As you can see, we delivered growth in retail cereal and retail snacks while posting a decline for frozen and specialty channels. In the third quarter, our North America ready-to-eat cereal business, delivered 2% internal net sales growth on top of last year's tough comparable of 7% growth. The cereal category by our estimate grew about 2% during the quarter. Despite a competitive environment, category share growth in measured channels was up 20 basis points. As you remember a year ago, Quaker's promotional activity was down significantly due to a supply issue. With Quaker back in play this year and bringing increased competitive activity, holding share during Q3 is a strong performance. Also Kellogg ready-to-eat cereal consumption across all channels increased by approximately 2%. Our focused strategy of investing behind our top eight brands plus Kashi is a key contributor to this success. During the quarter, these brands grew net sales at a strong 8% with Special K, Raisin Bran and Kashi each delivering double-digit growth. This strong growth from our top brands was driven by double-digit increase in our advertising investment as well as successful promotions. Given the positive momentum of our core business, we are discontinuing our on-the-go cereal offerings, as their attractiveness to consumers is low during this tough economic environment. Excluding on-the-go items, our ready-to-eat cereal business grew 4% during the quarter. Our innovation efforts during Q3 supported our commitment to continually improve the quality of our foods as well as our commitment to offer a product portfolio that provides dietary fiber. During the quarter, we launched renovations of Froot Loops and Apple Jacks with three grams of fiber per serving. Kellogg Canada continued to perform well with strong performance by Kashi and the recently launched Mini-Wheats Blueberry cereal. In the third quarter, our North American snacks business posted 3% internal net sales growth over last year's strong 10% comparable. This quarter's overall results were supported by double-digit growth in wholesome snacks. Our direct store delivery business continued to perform well, growing internal net sales a solid 4% over last year's difficult comparative of 7% growth. Our Pop-Tarts brand delivered low single-digit internal net sales growth in the third quarter and our underlying Blue Box business is performing extremely well. Store-door cracker sales rose low single digits versus last year's strong growth, driven by ongoing solid performance from Cheez-It and Town House. In addition, our new Special K crackers continued to perform ahead of expectations. We gained share in the cracker category in the third quarter. Store-door cookie sales for the quarter declined slightly year-over-year in line with the overall category decline. However, Fudge Shoppe posted a strong performance and Mother's brand cookies continued to deliver above expectations. Including Mother’s, as a new business for us, our store-door cookie share grew slightly in the quarter Store-door sales of wholesome snacks was strong, delivering double-digit internal net sales growth and more than two points of share growth. Our new Fiber Plus and Cinnabon bars are performing ahead of expectations and Nutri-Grain bars continue to be a solid performer. As I mentioned earlier, our frozen and specialty channels business posted an overall decline for the quarter. Third quarter top-line growth for North American frozen was negatively impacted by lapping strong growth and a significant forward buy against a price increase a year ago, as well as by a temporary supply disruption. Our Food Away from Home business posted a year-over-year decline versus last year's strong Q3 performance, but continues to perform above general food service trends, despite ongoing industry headwinds. Our international business returned to strong growth in Q3, delivering 6% internal net sales growth. In particular, Europe had a very strong quarter in a difficult operating environment. Internal net sales for Europe grew 5% for the quarter versus last year's 3% comparable. As we discussed during our Q2 earnings call, we expected a stronger back half from Europe and we are seeing that come through in our results. Internal net sales growth for the European area was broad-based, including double-digit growth in Russia. In the UK, we delivered mid single-digit internal net sales growth and gained share in the ready-to-eat cereal category. In Latin America, we continued to deliver strong results with 9% internal net sales growth. Our business in Mexico delivered mid single-digit internal net sales growth in the quarter and driven by continued strong performance from Zucaritas gained more than two points of category share in ready-to-eat cereal. The cereal category in Mexico is strong and grew approximately 4% in the quarter. Brazil, Columbia, Central America and Venezuela all posted good internal sales growth in the quarter, and our Asia Pacific business delivered 4% internal net sales growth building upon last year's strong 10% growth. Our businesses in South Korea, Australia and India delivered strong internal net sales growth. So in summary, we are pleased with the results we posted in the third quarter and are on track to deliver strong results in 2009 and 2010. We are seeing even better momentum this year than we anticipated, and our strong brand building programs and cost saving initiatives continue to drive these results, and we've executed well around the world. More importantly, we are excited to take this opportunity to build an even stronger Kellogg Company for the future. We are optimizing our global organization and striving for enhanced effectiveness in many areas of our business. We off to a great start with our $1 billion challenge and we have confidence we will achieve our goal. We have significantly increased our investment in up-front costs, which will help drive efficiency gains, help offset commodity and energy inflation in future periods and provide the fuel to sustain our momentum. As I mentioned earlier, rather than pull back on advertising and take advantage of lower rates, we see this as a great opportunity to increase our investment and build even stronger brands for the future. Higher spending, combined with media deflation and a push on efficiency, is driving a significant increase in advertising pressure. All of these elements support our increased confidence that we can deliver our targeted rates of growth in 2009 and 2010, and demonstrate our commitment to manage the business for long-term, sustainable, dependable performance. We have excellent financial visibility and are committed to running the business the right way for the long term. Once again I'd like to thank Kellogg employees around the world for their continued commitment to executional excellence and dedicated hard work. Also, I'd like to remind everyone that we are hosting an analyst conference here at Kellogg on November 12, and hope that you will join us. Now, I'd like to open it up to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital. Please state your question.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: So I am just curious if we just think about gross margin for a moment in the full year of 140 basis points if we exclude the up-front costs. I guess, what I'm trying to get a better sense of is after five plus years of kind of the up-front costs and the productivity savings, I'm curious about is the leverage you are seeing from that, along with stable volume, positive pricing.  I guess, I'm curious why that hasn't necessarily even brought better gross margin expansion sort of this year than we are going to see, particularly because you have seen a lot of other peers obviously deliver gross margin gains for this year in many cases well beyond that.  I'm just curious is the on-the-go cereal platform, is that a new event such that we are likely to get another three quarters of sort of some drag on cereal shipments? Thank you.
John Bryant: I take the gross margin and David on-the-go cereal. Our gross margin Andrew, we feel very good about our gross margin performance. I think if you look at our gross margin relative to the peer group, we are actually at a very high level to start with.  We have about 100 basis points of reported gross margin improvement this year and another 100 basis points next year. The $1 billion challenge is providing great visibility and helping us expand the gross margin. Again we feel very good about the gross margin performance and expect it to continue to grow and expand in 2010.
David MacKay:  I think Andrew on the on-the-go, we are working very closely with our retail partners trying to streamline and simplify the category Straws and go-packs really didn't work. We are effectively taking those out proactively.  That's about half a share point for us and I think we said in the prepared comments without that our 2% in cereal would have been up 4.  Our cereal performance remember is up against a very tough comp, but that will probably last through the first and second quarter of next year. There will be a bit of a drag and then we will anniversary it.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Then as part of that and then I'll pass it. Do you feel like the cereal category as a whole has gone through already maybe some of the more major changes from an SKU perspective or brand perspective that all of you might expect or is that not the case?
David MacKay : No I think the category is doing very well, so I think it will probably be more stable and have less change than maybe some others.  You might see a little bit more rationalization in the number and scope of SKUs as retailers are looking to streamline and simplify but I don't think it will be material Andrew, as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs : Dave just following up on the North American cereal category, you've talked about some increased competitive activity that you are seeing in the category.  Could you just talk a little bit more about that the nature of the competitive activity and how aggressive some of these activities are and whether you think that this will continue as the company looks towards more volume improvement.
David MacKay : Yes Judy. I think the reference was really regarding Quaker. You remember last year Quaker had a disruption in one of their plants, and they were pretty much out of the market for a big chunk of Q3. So this year in Q3, they were back in business and that was probably the biggest single change in the competitive dynamics.  Nothing untoward just they were out of the market last year, they are back in the market this year. I don't think the category has got any more influence on us, a fairly competitive category but we don't actually anticipate anything that dramatically different as we look to the future.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs : My second question is really relates to 2010 guidance, It seems like there's really a sizable tailwind. You talked about the lower up front cost next year, you're lapping the peanut recall related costs this year that you are probably not going to have next year, and you’ve got the cost savings kicking in as part of the $1 billion challenge.  I'm just wondering if maybe even the internal operating profit projections that you have could be even stronger, and if there's some level of conservatism built in, in terms of your guidance.
David MacKay : I think at this stage we've not finished the year yet. If you look at the current market environment and our view on 2010, we expect it to be a little bit volatile and it's going to be a fairly tough economic environment.  So I think the guidance we've given which is above our long-term guidance is very strong. We feel very comfortable with it and if there's anything we see different as we go through the year then we'll update you on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta of Consumer Edge. Please state your question.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge : Just wanted to talk a bit about some of the items that you mentioned that you are going to be flowing to the bottom line next year rather than reinvesting, it seems like it's been more your strategy in the past to reinvest the benefit from things like changes in up front costs, which I realize many years have gone up, but why the decision not to increase not to reinvest that essentially $0.10 benefit and instead to forecast higher or guide to above your long-term targets?
David MacKay : Yes. I think Eric twofold. One is we still as we look at 2010, have very strong investment against the business. So we are investing heavily against the business in marketing and in driving efficiencies. Really when you look at one time costs, the history has been to spend broadly around $0.14 to $0.16 has been pretty average for us.  This year was significantly higher, as we were driving K-LEAN. It required a lot of external help. We're looking to reduce that reliance as we head into 2010. We've got more savings from process changes and how we operate than necessarily having to impact plant costs. So we feel very good about what we are doing with our productivity and we don't need the level of up front costs as we look at 2010 at this stage.  So we thought the best thing to do would flow through. We will then be hitting a level which is more consistent with our ongoing levels and as John said if that looks to change, we will update you when and if we have that clarity.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge : A follow-up question on the competition in US cereal. It seems from the scanner data that Post was still having their logistical and other issues for the third quarter. I'm surprised to see that Kellogg didn't materially benefit from that disruption at Post. Could you give some indication as to why you think that was the case? Could you also comment on what you are seeing in terms of competitive activity from Post as they are starting to get their house in order?
David MacKay : If you look at cereal for the quarter, we are very pleased with the performance. We had tough comps. A year ago we grew 7%, this year we are about 2% in shipments, probably 2.5% in consumption. As we mentioned the top eight grew 8%, Quaker was really as I mentioned the jury was one that had come back in. I think Post you have to talk to them specifically, but I'm sure as they settle things down, we will see them come back into the market a little bit more.  That would be our expectation but we wouldn't expect that to have a material impact. As I also mentioned managing retail or own and working with retailers to optimize the category from an SKU perspective had a bit of an impact on us as it may have had on others. 
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge : Lastly and I'll pass it on but you mentioned 2.5% consumer take away or consumption in all outlets for US cereal. If I remember correctly, last quarter you talked about 6%, 7%, all outlet consumption. Just wondering what the driver of that slowdown was. Was it simply a matter of a tougher comp as things accelerated in the second half of last year or are you seeing some underlying deceleration?
David MacKay : Last year in Q3 the category grew 5% to 6%. This year it grew 2% to 3% by best we can calculate looking at ROI and non measured channels. That's probably a reflection of a couple of things. I don't think the category is slowing.  Last year it was probably a little stronger than we've seen for awhile, and I think as we start lapping some of the pricing impact, I think 2% to 3% is probably more consistent with our expectation as we look to the future. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from Ed Roesch of Soleil Securities. Please state your question.
Ed Roesch - Soleil Securities : First question was on advertising. You're increasing your spending at a pretty healthy rate. Could you just comment on the ROI on that advertising especially in this consumer environment and then how that is offset of course by some deflation in media?
David MacKay : I think ROI in advertising is a perennial challenge. We have a number of methodologies to ensure that we are getting the best return from our advertising possible. We pretest all of our commercials through a research methodology called Millward Brown.  We’ve seen improvements in the breakthrough on those ads. That's a good indication. We are working on other ways to actually measure the ROI. If you look this year, we are going to be up mid single digits in a market where we are probably seeing a degree of media deflation.  We are seeing media buying efficiencies and some consolidation benefits in Europe and we are seeing reduction in non-working advertising. So the increase in impressions is probably double-digit while the absolute dollar spend is around mid single-digit. We think it's a great time to invest behind our brands and make sure consumers are fully aware of their benefits and keep them at the forefront for as many consumers as we can. As we go into next year our expectation would be that we will see advertising grow in line with sales and again we would expect to see some but less deflation in media costs in 2010.
Ed Roesch - Soleil Securities : David on that latter point at this time of year are you able to lock in any way your media rates?
David MacKay : Certainly for North America, we typically contract for the first six to nine months of 2010 in the next few months. 
Ed Roesch - Soleil Securities : One last question if I could. SKU rationalization you mentioned fairly minor impact. I recall that you were extending the Special K brand in some alternate aisles outside of the cereal aisle. I guess in the diet and nutrition in some instances. I haven't heard a whole lot about that effort recently and is that pretty safe from this rationalization effort please?
David MacKay : We've launched Special K bars. We've launched a Special K shake. They are doing very well. We have had some rationalization where some of the products we tried didn't work is to our expectations, but in general terms the bars and the shakes are doing very well. For those who do attend the Day at K, will give a little bit more flavor on some of the thing we are doing on SKU rationalization.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel Nicolaus. Please state your question. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : I just had a quick question for you regarding, the comment I think you made earlier in the call about trade promotion efficiency and it’s really trying to sharpen your trade programs. Does that imply increased spending?  I wonder if you can give us a feel for how you are looking at that in this kind of environment. Or does this imply better programming and better returns on the money you are spending?
David MacKay : I think it's hopefully a combination of both. We are always looking to drive efficiencies and what we get in return from our investment with our retail partners, but it also implies that we are being pragmatic about the pressures consumers are under the issues they're facing and the orientation that consumers have towards value in this new age of thrift as I've heard it called. So we are working very closely with our retail partners to try and ensure that we encourage people to try and repeat on our products.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus : Okay. Just one follow up if I could? Does an age of thrift mean weaker mix? Do you plan on that for 2010 for example?
David MacKay : When we report on price mix if you look at this year, the bulk of it has been price. I think as we go forward and we have seen not dramatic but some shifts in mix where people are looking to buy more all-family, more familiar products.  It hasn't had a dramatic impact on mix. As we go into next year, I would expect price mix to be positive, not as high as it's been in the previous three to five years. I would also expect that volume will continue to contribute in 2010.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Please state your question 
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America : Just wanted to ask on your net interest expense guidance, it implies that if I've got it right, $300 million for this year implies about $100 million in the fourth quarter, which is about $35 million more than the run rate's been. You've just refinanced or tendered for the 6.6% notes, which presumably you are going to refinance at a lower rate. So one why is the expense going to be so much higher in the fourth quarter?  In terms of your guidance for next year, I had factored that you could save about $10 million to $15 million by terming out the notes you're tendering for. Does it imply that you are going to be borrowing more money terming out more debt next year, just trying to get an understanding of the moving parts there.
David MacKay : Just to clarify the tender offer for the bond is in the fourth quarter. That's in the $35 million to $40 million range of additional expense, which is why our outlook moved up to $300 million for the full year. As you go to 2010, we expect our absolute debt to be fairly in line with 2009, but we do expect and our outlook is higher short term rates.  So we are paying higher interest expense on the commercial paper, which will be partially offset by the savings we're getting from the 6.6% bond to whatever bond we end up issuing.  It's either a five-year or ten-year bond or whatever it looks like based upon the rates that are out there when we get around to issuing that bond.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America : So in the fourth quarter that interest expense guidance includes the cost of tendering for the bond as well as the rate.
David MacKay : That's right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : First John, I had of bit of a technical question. I've always wondered why your fourth quarter profits are seasonally so much lower than the other quarters. It's not because people are eating less, so what exactly takes that how does that factor into the FX stuff you were talking about?
John Bryant : Eric there is a seasonal pattern if you look over the last four or five years of our last fourth quarters, I think it also has to do with how we reinvest back in the business. If you look at the fourth quarter this year, we actually expect the fourth quarter to continue to grow strongly in terms of top line growth and very strong gross margin expansion.  If you look at what we are doing in the fourth quarter, we have a double-digit increase in advertising in local currency. We have about $0.10 of up front costs, and then below the line we have the bond buy back.  In addition don't forget we are lapping the 53rd week that was in last year's fourth quarter, obviously it’s not in this year's fourth quarter. There are some anomalies in the fourth quarter as well as the normal seasonal pattern that you see.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : Is there an accrual issue that you basically back load everything? Not so much year-over-year, but I'm talking sequentially, if you look over the last four or five years, the fourth quarter is always lower by $150 million or plus in EBIT.  
John Bryant : Yes. I think that Eric reflects our historical pattern of reinvesting back in the business, and quite frankly I think we have the ability going forward at some point to increase the profitability in the fourth quarter and move some of that investment around in the year.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : Then on the cash flow efficiency, I think you said $1.2 billion for this year which is very strong probably equal to your earnings per share, which is pretty good. Is there any outlook for that number for ’10, is there any swing factors that we should think about in terms of cash flow?
David MacKay : Eric we only give cash flow guidance on the fourth quarter conference call, once we have this year closed, we have a balance sheet at the end of the year. So we're giving cash flow for next year. I think in terms of things that we’re moving around little bit, this year our CapEx is around the $400 million mark.  Next year we expect our CapEx to be more like $500 million, but we have good earnings growth next year and hopefully FX tailwinds and we will see where the numbers actually end up. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : Then sorry if I could sneak one last in. This would go to Dave, one of the questions I get as I go around and visit with investors is where has all the volume gone in the industry not necessarily for you.  It seems as if with the tailwind from people eating more at home that just generally speaking the industry should be reporting better volume performance. Maybe you can just comment on that as you see it broadly across the industry?
David MacKay : I think you are going to see more volume come back. Certainly that's our expectation as we look at the business for 2010. Particularly when you think about what's going on with the mix of top line, where more likely than not if the commodities environment stays benign, there will be limited potential pricing. So you will probably see slightly more volume a little bit of price mix, but significantly less than you have seen historically.  That's why when you look at our guidance for 2010, we are around the 2% to 3%. I think volume for us was positive in the quarter. As we look going forward to 2010, it will be more positive than we are seeing potentially over the last few years, where I think price mix has been the key driver of top line. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Bivens of JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Terry Bivens - J P Morgan: First of all John thanks for the explicit guidance on the foreign exchange, for those of us still working on an abacus it was a little bit confusing, but I think I've got it now. The question is this, there's clearly a lot going on at retail these days certainly.  Wal-Mart with the great value initiative and the SKU rationalization et cetera. It's early days, but we've looked at some data that suggest that maybe what we've seen over the past several years that is when you look at Nielsen numbers, there's always a fairly positive addition from the channel shift to Wal-Mart and other outlets suggests at least in Wal-Mart maybe that's slowing down a little bit.  Dave I just wanted to get your opinion there. Do you think what we've seen as generally an accretive channel shift does that appear to you to be decelerating?
David MacKay : I can only talk what we've seen Terry, and certainly for us in Q3 we did see a slightly lower non major channel growth. Part of that was because of the year ago comp, so it's a bit early for to us draw any conclusions on that. So just the Q3 we would agree, but we are not sure what the underlying dynamics are versus the year ago comp.
Terry Bivens - J P Morgan: Just in regard to the UK, if I could ask one quick follow? Obviously you've changed the trend there from years past where it used to be a very tough business. Just in brief, what seems to be the delta there? It seems you're doing quite well in the UK, what do you attribute that to?
David MacKay : I think we've got strong performance in our cereal and snacks business. If we look at cereal for the quarter we grew over a share point. The category was up 5, we were actually up 8. So it was a very strong category growth. A very strong Kellogg performance, I think it's a combination of things.  Strong brand building has been relatively good innovation, a great focus on the core again there is really helping us. People are coming into the category, because you probably don't see that many categories a number, but not that many that are growing around 5% in the UK.  So overall very positive category dynamics, pretty stable trading relationships and I think that's really the key elements in the UK.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of J Montgomery Scott. Please state your question? 
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: Dave I just wanted to ask about a big picture question about the role of productivity savings and the long-term growth of the company here. You talked about the $1 billion challenge and I think others in the industry have a fair amount of that productivity. I think that it's probably fair to say that's what's going to pick up the slack in 2010 for what's been a pretty giant commodity tailwind.  Looking forward why is it that Kellogg shareholders and consumer staples companies broadly shareholders are participating more fully in that productivity savings as far as expanding the earnings base versus continually reinvesting in value and in some cases prices?  Maybe a more simpler way of putting it is, why should retailers and consumers continue to share and get probably most of those benefits at the margin when the business itself should grow in addition to those productivity savings?
David MacKay : I think Jonathan that the key for us is sustainable dependable performance. We called our earnings this year 10 to 12 and likewise for next year, which many would say is bold for Kellogg Company. So I think you are seeing the visibility in the productivity and efficiency drives we've had flowing through the P&L. It's also given us the fuel to invest beyond our brand to continue to do the right things for the long-term. Plus also to reflect the fact that we are trying to give where we can appropriately back to consumers at a time when they are feeling under pressure and work closely with our retail partners who are also striving to give the best value they can to consumer.  So I think I would disagree that we are not giving back in this time to shareholders. Over and above that all the cash we generate, it’s going back in share buy-backs. We've got strong dividends, so I think what our task is, is to ensure that we don't in what is a very volatile environment get the balance too far out of skew and I think we hopefully have the balance right.  
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: So the idea is that shareholders do get it back, but we get it back on the installment plan over several years through the reinvestments you make? 
David MacKay: That's one way of looking at it. I'm not sure I'd quite articulate it that way. I think sustainable dependable performance when people are investing in Kellogg Company I think is pretty critical. We want to deliver overtime.
Operator: Our final question comes from Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets. Please state your question. 
Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: Just wanted to follow up quickly on the strategic thinking behind your decision to exit the on-the-go category. I understand there's some cyclical pressure on that business, but it's not an immaterial piece of your overall cereal business, and it seems like there should be a sustainable market for that category as a whole.  Just as the market leader, I'm struggling to understand why it doesn't make strategic sense for you to continue to be there in some capacity?
David MacKay : Yes, I think Ed when you look at the two specific items that we are removing Straws and go-packs, they really didn't resonate as well with consumers as we had thought. Now very hard to be exact in why, but I think when you look at this environment consumers are typically drifting to larger packs versus smaller packs to drive value.  So I think in general terms while portion control will potentially do well over time, it hasn't worked as well as we thought in the cereal category and it's probably been a little adversely impacted, because of the economic environment.
Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: One quick follow up if I could. Just on the SG&A line, you talked about higher gross margin expectations, but on SG&A there was some pretty good cost control there when you factor in what you did on the advertising spend.  It seems like there might be a little bit of room on that line item relative to your expectations as well. Is that a fair statement?
John Bryant : In the SG&A line, obviously we've got the overhead line in there and we've been driving very aggressively to keep strong discipline on overhead costs, so I think we're doing well and that in some respects masking the increase in advertising on that line. 
David MacKay: Thank you all for the attendance this morning and we look forward to seeing you all at Day at K. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-30 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Joel Wittenberg – Vice President, Investor Relations  David Mackay – President and Chief Executive Officer  John Bryant – Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer  Gary Pilnick – General Counsel
Analysts: Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley David Driscoll - Citigroup and Investment Research Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC David Palmer - UBS Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Bryan Spillane - BAS-ML Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital 
Operator:  Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company 2009 second quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I will turn the call over to Joel Wittenberg, Kellogg Company Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Wittenberg you may begin your conference.
Joel Wittenberg:  Thanks Doug, and good morning everyone. And thank you for joining us for a review of our second quarter results. With me here in Battle Creek are David Mackay, President and CEO, John Bryant, Chief Operating Officer and Financial Officer, and Gary Pilnick, General Counsel. We must point out that certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company’s future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, cost savings, brand building, up front costs, impact of the recalls and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as our public SEC filings. A replay of today’s conference call will be available by phone through Monday evening by dialing 888-632-8973. The pass code is #20808846. The call will also be available by webcast which will be archived for 90 days. Now let me turn it over to David.
David Mackay:  Thanks Joel and good morning everyone. The second quarter was a strong one for Kellogg Company. Our double digit EPS growth was higher than expected, driven by strong operating profit delivery, favorability below the line and offset by higher [inaudible] spending. Furthermore, we enter the second half with even better visibility into the year and even stronger confidence that we’ll deliver another year of sustainable and dependable growth. There’s no doubt the current economic environments’ difficult. However, our business approach is designed to achieve positive results, even during challenging economic conditions. The second quarter results illustrated the continued resilience and relevance of our focused strategy and business model. Internal net sales, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions and shipping days, grew 3% during the quarter, consistent with our expectation of 3 to 4% sales growth for the full year. Our categories are performing well during the recession, and cereal is an especially strong category to be in right now as consumers seek to maximize the value received from every food dollar spent. Gross margin exceeded our expectations and we saw solid margin expansion in the quarter. Excellent delivery for our $1 billion challenge enabled us to deliver gross margin expansion. And while commodity costs have fallen as we expected, we’re still seeing, however, cost of goods inflation versus last year. The double digit internal operating profit growth we posted exceeded our long term annual target of mid single digit growth, as momentum continued behind productivity and cost saving initiatives. We also saw benefit in Q2 from the timely advertising spend, which will be reinvested in the second half and which executed well across categories and regions, gaining share in most of our major markets. We’re on track to achieve our goal of delivering $1 billion in annual savings by year end 2011.  And importantly despite increasing our investments in the second half, we’re also raising our accounts and neutral earnings per share guidance to a range of 8 to 10% growth for full year 2009 from our original guidance of high single digit growth. As you can see, we remain committed to continue to deliver sustainable and dependable growth for our share owners in 2009 and going forward.  And now I’d like to turn it over to John to walk you through the financials.
John Bryant:
 : Thanks David and good morning everyone. The headwinds we discussed during our first quarter call have continued. Despite the challenges of a tough competitive landscape, a weak economy and tough comps, we met or exceeded our long term annual targets of low single digit internal net sales growth, mid single digit operating profit growth and high single digit currency neutral EPS growth. Reported net sales declined 3% for the quarter, including a negative foreign exchange impact. Internal net sales growth, which excludes the effect of foreign exchange, acquisitions and shipping days was 3%, building on last year’s strong 6% internal sales growth. We continue to project 3 to 4% internal net sales growth for the full year 2009. Reported operating profit increased by 4% despite year-on-year inflation for the quarter of 4%. Internal operating profit grew by a strong 14%. This result was driven by excellent delivery from our $1 billion challenge and lower advertising expenditures due to timing.  We invested approximately $0.07 of EPS into up front costs this quarter and of last year’s $0.04 per share. Reported earnings per share rose ahead of expectations to $0.92, a 12% increase on a reported basis and a 23% increase on a currency neutral basis. This result was driven by strong operating profit growth and favorability from below the line items such as lower interest expense, lower tax and timing on other income expense. Second quarter reported sales declined 3.4% driven by a 6.4% impact from currency. Internal net sales in the second quarter rose 2.6% as our pricing initiatives continued to flow through. While tonnage was down 0.5% in the quarter, our global cereal volume was up approximately 2% in the quarter.  The overall volume decline was driven by snacks, impacted by two items, the expected shift from lower margin bulk products, the higher value added [products] in Russia, where volume declined significantly but net sales grew by high single digits, as well as by the peanut related recalls in North America. In addition, our recent acquisitions added 40 basis points to sales growth in the second quarter. On a year-to-date basis, internal net sales growth was a solid 3% and was delivered by North America contributing 4% growth, Latin America 8%, Asia-Pacific 7% and Europe was flat. Gross margin for the quarter was up 30 basis points over last year’s second quarter. Internal gross margin dollars grew a solid 4% for the quarter, ahead of internal expectations. The margin expansion was driven by pricing and delivery of our cost savings programs, despite continued inflation year-on-year and higher up front costs. Year-to-date gross margin of 42.3% reflects a slight decline year-on-year. However, we now expect gross margin for full year 2009 to be up approximately 50 basis points versus our prior estimate of flat gross margin for the year. As we expected, commodity prices have continued to decline and our full year outlook for cost pressures remains approximately 4% of cost of goods. We are now approximately 90% hedged on commodities for 2009 on a global basis. Second quarter internal operating profit rose 14%, driven by solid internal sales growth, cost savings initiatives and timing of advertising spending, offset by cost pressures and higher up front costs. North America internal operating profit rose a strong 14% versus last year’s 5% comparable, driven by top line growth, timing of advertising spending and cost savings. In addition, increased up front costs reduced internal operating profit by more than 7%. European internal operating profit grew approximately 4%. Lower sales growth and a difficult environment were offset by media deflation and productivity savings. Higher up front cost investments reduced internal operating profit by approximately 6% in the quarter. Latin America continues to deliver solid internal operating profit growth. Second quarter internal operating profit rose by 12% over the second quarter of 2008, driven by high single digit internal net sales growth and cost savings. And in Asia-Pacific internal operating profit increased by a strong 36%, driven by effective cost discipline and timing of advertising spend. Our commitment to investing in advertising will continue to be a key to our business model and central to achieving our goals. During the second quarter, internal advertising spending declined versus last year’s 10% comp and due to the timing of various advertising programs, media deflation, and production efficiencies. However, we achieved a significant increase in impressions as we continued to strongly invest in our brands by reinvesting these savings back into advertising. For the second half of the year, we expect a double digit increase in internal advertising expense. We will also continue to drive efficiencies in our more than $1 billion of annual advertising spend. The combination of efficiencies, deflation and higher spending will result in a significant increase in consumer impressions in the back half. Our reliable cash flow delivery continued in the second quarter. Cash flow for the quarter of $363 million outpaces last year’s strong delivery for this period. We are very pleased with this performance, which was negatively impacted by foreign exchange. Cash flow remains solid on a year-to-date basis as well. The $535 million of cash flow generated in the first half is again ahead of last year’s strong performance. We are very focused on this important metric and continue to have confidence that we will deliver cash flow for the full year 2009 of between $1.050 billion and $1.150 billion, which includes the impact of foreign exchange headwinds. Now let’s turn to our full year guidance on the next slide. We have good momentum entering the second half of the year, which gives us even greater visibility and confidence in achieving our full year goals. We continue to anticipate 3 to 4% internal net sales growth. We now expect gross profit margin to rise approximately 50 basis points for the full year. We are also raising our full year 2009 guidance for internal operating profit growth to the high end of our previously guided, mid single digit range. Despite significantly increasing our up front cost investments from our initial estimate of $0.14 per share to approximately $0.26 per share, we are raising our full year earnings per share guidance to a range of 8 to 10% growth on a currency neutral basis from our original guidance of high single digit growth. Below the operating profit line, interest expense is expected to be approximately $270 million and the full year tax rate is forecast at approximately 30%. We expect average shares outstanding to be relatively flat year-on-year. We now have even greater visibility into the year and are even more confident in our ability to achieve our short term and long term goals. And finally, looking at the effect of foreign exchange on the P&L, the U.S. dollar has weakened since our first quarter earnings call. Assuming current exchange rates, the full year impact on EPS from translational foreign exchange will be approximately 6% instead of the previously forecast 9% impact. Now I’ll turn it back over to David for the business review.
David Mackay:  Thanks John. In the second quarter North America produced 3% internal net sales growth on top of last year’s strong 6% growth. As you can see, we posted growth in each of the North American businesses in the quarter. In the second quarter our North American retail cereal business delivered a strong 4% internal net sales growth on top of last year’s 5% growth. The cereal categories robust and by our estimate grew about 4% in the quarter and our consumption for Q2 across all channels was up between 6 to 7%. We saw inventories drop versus last year, so shipments were up 4%. We increased our U.S. ready to eat cereal category share more than 1 point during the second quarter. The cereal category remains a great category to be in. Our focused strategy of investing behind our top A brands plus Kashi is a key contributor to this success. Our spring Special K challenge promotion was our strongest yet. Kashi continued to deliver positive results in sales growth in the quarter, again outpacing the natural and organic cereal segment. Kellogg Canada recorded another solid quarter of mid single digit net sales growth and category share gains. Ready to eat cereal’s grown to growth, posting another share gain on the strength of innovations like Special K 5 Grains, continued momentum in Kashi, equity advertising behind Mini Wheat’s and strong in store activity. I’d like to highlight another exciting new development for our ready to eat cereal business in regard to strengthening the nutritional credentials of our cereal portfolio. Recognizing that fiber is an important nutrient that fewer than 1 in 10 children and adults get enough of, we recently announced we will add fiber to many of our ready to eat cereals in the U.S. and Canada. For the second half we’ll introduce innovations of Fruit Loops and Apple Jack cereals that provide 3 grams of fiber with the same great taste. These introductions are another step in our renovation initiatives to continually improve the nutrition profile of our products without compromising taste or quality. As it builds on the company’s 100 plus year commitment to meeting consumer’s health and nutrition needs, we expect this initiative to contribute to the long term health of our ready to eat cereal business. In the second quarter, our North American snacks business posted 3% internal net sales growth over last year’s solid 6% growth. It was a challenging quarter as warehouse sales were negatively impacted by the peanut related recall. However, our direct store delivery business continued to perform well, growing internal net sales a solid 4% over last year’s difficult comparable of 10% growth. We’re committed to expanding our snacks business and are pulling all levers available in this very competitive environment. During the second quarter we invested heavily in brand building within our snacks business with strong campaigns behind snacks innovations such as Fiber Plus Bars and Special K Crackers, as well as behind our core cracker brand Cheez It and 100 Calorie Right Bites. Our Pop Tarts brand delivered low single digit internal net sales growth in Q2 and our underlying blue box business is performing extremely well. Store door cracker sales rose low single digits after last year’s strong growth, driven by solid performance from Cheez It, Townhouse and Club. In addition our new Special K Crackers performed ahead of expectations. If we adjusted for the peanut related recall our cracker share would have been essentially flat.  For the second half we’ve some exciting innovations including Cheez It Whole Grain, Kashi Heart to Heart and Flip Side’s Gala Crackers.  Store to door cookie sales grew solid mid single digits in Q2 with strong performance from Sandies and Murray Cookies. In addition, our re-introduction of 13 Mother’s Brand Cookies into the market during the quarter is off to a strong start. Including Mother’s as a new business for us, we grew our store door cookie category share during the quarter.  Store door sales of wholesome snacks were solid and grew more than a point of ROI category share during the quarter. Our new Fiber Plus Bars continue to perform ahead of expectations and we also saw solid performance from Kashi TLC Bars and NutriGrain Bars.  Our frozen and specialty channels businesses continued to drive excellent results through a combination of effective innovation and great execution in the second quarter, delivering 5% internal net sales growth on top of last year’s difficult comparable of 10% growth. This performance is especially strong given the extremely difficult up [writing] environment that the food away from home channel is currently operating in across the U.S. Our food away from home business declined in Q2 but still continues to perform above general channel trends. Our frozen business which operates in strong categories delivered double digit internal net sales growth during the quarter. Eggo continues to perform well and gained share in Q2. Our veggie food business delivered almost 2 points of share growth this year, driven by continuing solid base sales growth in meal solutions. Garden Burger is doing well and Kashi frozen meals saw a strong top line growth during the quarter. Internal net sales for our international business grew 2% on top of last year’s strong 6% growth. Europe continues to present a very tough operating environment, with a high level of competitive activity. Internal net sales for Europe declined 1% for the quarter versus last year’s top 5% comparable. As we discussed during our Q1 earnings call, challenging negotiations with some retailers, though now resolved, negatively impacted sales for the second quarter. We continue to expect our European business to deliver second half internal net sales growth of low single digits. Volume in the region declined mid single digits, with approximately half of the decline driven by Russia as we moved from a bulk snacks business to a branded business. In the UK we achieved 4% internal net sales growth, as well as category share growth for the quarter, driven by solid mid single digit growth in base sales. Our Crunchy Nut, Rice Krispies and Frosty cereal brands all performed well in the quarter and growth in the UK was offset by weakness on the continent. In Latin America we delivered 3% internal sales growth. In Mexico we gained category share in the quarter and delivered mid single digit growth as core brands such as Zucaritas, Corn Flakes and Choco Krispies continued to perform above our expectations. We plan strong support behind our new All Bran cereal introduction that adds yogurt and fiber which will launch in Mexico in Q2. And in Venezuela, Colombia, Central America and Brazil we posted good internal sales growth in the quarter. Our Asia-Pacific business delivered 3% internal net sales growth, building upon last year’s strong 9% growth. Our businesses in South Africa, Korea and India delivered strong internal net sales growth. In Australia, we were negatively impacted by challenging negotiation with a retail partner. However, the rest of the trade is supporting Kellogg well and we’re successfully holding our position in the Australian market.  So in summary, we’re pleased with the results we’ve posted in the second quarter and the first half of 2009. We’re seeing even better momentum this year than we anticipated. Our strong brand building programs and cost saving initiatives continue to drive these results, and we’ve continued to execute well around the world. We’re off to a great start with our $1 billion challenge and we have confidence we will achieve our goal. We’ve significantly increased our investment in up front costs, which will help drive efficiency gains and help offset commodity and energy inflation in future periods, and provide the fuel to sustain our momentum. We also plan to increase our investment in advertising at a double digit rate in the balance of the year. All these elements support our increased confidence that we can deliver our targeted rates of growth again in 2009 and demonstrates our commitment to manage the business for long term, sustainable, dependable performance. And our increased EPS guidance for 2009 shows how resilient our business remains in these tough times. Finally, I’d like to thank Kellogg employees around the world for their continuing commitment to excellence and dedicated work.  And now I’d like to open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  I just had a question about the sales growth. You know it came in a little bit lighter than what we had hoped. The Nielsen data for the U.S. showed that, you know, you had pretty strong retail consumption but you mentioned inventory reductions and can you give us a little more color on those inventory reductions? Is it just a Kellogg specific situation? Or is it a category situation?
David Mackay:  I think it’s more, Robert, specific to Kellogg as we looked at it. We’re always very, very pleased when inventories drop and they did drop in Q2 for us in the cereal category. As we look at our growth it was very strong. Consumption was up 6 to 7%, shipments up 4. The biggest differential between the two was the inventories coming down in Q2 so they are at a lower level than we saw them Q2 last year. So we’re very pleased with that. And really if you look around the world, we feel very good about Q2 and the year-to-date growth. That’s in line with our targets. A few factors in there that impacted apart from what we mentioned on the difference in consumption versus shipments in Q2 cereal, we mentioned some customer issues in Europe and one in Australia, a small impact from the snacks recall. We did see a couple of inventory reductions in Q2 in Italy and the UK. Nothing significant but meaningful for those two markets. But in general terms, we’re very happy with the performance in the quarter.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  So in the U.S., if I could focus on that, there’s no evidence that you were shipping ahead of consumption over the last couple of quarters and this is some kind of a snap back or something?
David Mackay:  No, I don’t believe so. As we looked at the inventory levels as we finished Q2 this year versus last year, it was down significantly. And there wasn’t anything that untoward from the year ago. It might have been a tad higher but nothing significant. I think this is really a Kellogg issue and you know we are constantly working with our retail partners to try and reduce inventory across the board, particularly in the current environment. But I don’t think it was category specific. I think it was more Kellogg specific and to be quite frank while it might have shown our shipments a little lower than you would have expected, we did grasp 1 point of share in the category. We’re very, very happy with the performance.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan:  Dave I know there’s always, you know, talking about the data, it always includes a certain amount of risk. But I think the thing missing from Rob’s question might have been this. According to the data at least you guys were a bit more promotional than you had been in the second quarter. So I guess my look at it is this. You did, I would avoid the term loading inventory, but I think you may have shipped pretty robustly in the first quarter in advance, knowing that you were going to promote a bit more heavily in the second quarter. And then going forward I would expect, you know, pretty close to that 4% kind of consumption number you mentioned which is very consistent with the data. Is that a reasonable way to look at it?
David Mackay:  Unfortunately not, Terry. We don’t pre-ship in anticipation of promotions. I mean occasionally that will happen if we’ve got something right at the end of a quarter that starts at the beginning of the next quarter. But we didn’t deliberately build inventories Q1 for Q2. You know I mean really we think the category is very strong. If you look at the category out four, that was again the toughest comp we had in 2008 for category growth. Q2 2008 was the strongest growth in the category, so we’re up against very tough category growth from a year ago. That’s that 4% of net context is very good.  And if you think about, you know, what’s going on in the general market, we’re very happy that our consumption was up so strongly and we gained share. We continue to try and offer consumers value wherever we can. In this market we think that’s a very pragmatic approach.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan:  Just one quick follow. As you look into the second half, you’ve obviously signaled advertising is going to be up quite a bit. Can you just give us some flavor for what you’re going to put that behind in the cereal category?
David Mackay:  Well it’s both cereals, snacks, frozen, right across the business. And it’s not only in North America but globally. You know we had some programs that were due to run in Q2 that have slipped into Q3. We saw probably slightly more media deflation through the first half than we were expecting. We have some great opportunities to add some incremental programming in the back half that we think will give us great momentum as we go into 2010. So it’s a combination of factors, Terry.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein:  I wanted to focus on the margin [audio impairment]. On the commodity cost side, could you talk a little bit about the outlook? I think you mentioned that commodities were beginning to come down, but the total cogs are continuing to go up. Could you maybe give us a bit of color on what it is within the cogs line that’s still causing you pressure.
David Mackay:  Alexia, when we gave the forecast of around 4% I think it was originally they were a little high, but 4% is where we’re seeing it. And you know in that forecast we had an anticipation of commodities coming down this year. And that has proven to be the case. You’ve got pension costs, wages in there, factory expenses. Some of the other things that are going up around the world for us are things like rice and some packaging elements. But in general terms, when you look at 4% inflation that’s the best we’ve seen in about 4 or 5 years. So it’s more consistent with the 3 to 4% we were seeing in the early part of 2000. So it really is pretty much where we expected. Maybe slightly lower, because we saw some benefit from fuel that may or may not stick for the year.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein:  And I guess just really quickly, bolt on acquisitions. Can you tell us how much they reduced gross margins by this quarter? And are we sort of anniversaring that at this point?
John Bryant:  They had about a 20 basis point for the quarter, Alexia, and I think we’re very close to anniversaring that for the year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  Dave could you just give us maybe some sequential commentary on how you’re seeing consumer behavior change? Maybe more specifically in the U.S. but also anywhere else in the world that you think would be relevant.
David Mackay:  You know really I think nothing dramatic. I think what you’re seeing in the general marketplace is, you know, it’s a very tough economy. Unemployment’s still rising. People looking for value. I think one of the issues that investors have had is a concern about you know the growth in private label. The one thing I would say on that is I think we’ve started to see its growth moderate in many categories, not only in the U.S. but around the world. One would call it sequentially flat, whether you’re looking at cereal, you know, crackers, waffles. When you go to the UK, Australia, Canada private label is down. So while it did have a very strong spurt of share growth, it’s now leveling off a little bit. But I think consumers are still going to be in a mindset of looking for value and trying to extract as much value as they can out of every dollar they spend. We’re very pleased to be in categories like cereal and snacks where we think we can offer great value. And with people I think still being a little nervous about moving their expenditure back from in home to out of home, I think the trend towards more in home consumption is probably going to prevail for a while where we see unemployment is high and not coming down.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  And John could you just quickly remind us what your transactional exposure to foreign exchange is?
John Bryant:  We do have transactional exposure. It’s not that significant because we hedge that pretty thoroughly in our financial year. So the transactional exposure would be things like raw materials coming from the U.S. into Mexico or finished goods coming from the UK onto the continent. So it’s part of our normal operating model and even if I wanted to I’m not sure I could sum up and tell you what it is. It’s largely hedged though.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Driscoll - Citigroup and Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup and Investment Research:  Just two relatively brief questions. The first one is on non-measured channels in the United States. David, could you comment on those channels and specifically it just seems to me by looking at your reported results versus the food, drug and math data that we received that the non-measureds weren’t as positive this quarter as we had seen them in past quarters. So can you just comment on what you’re seeing in those channels and is my observation correct?
David Mackay:  Well, David, I would say the trends are pretty consistent in the non-measured channels. You know if you look at Club, Dollar and some other retailers that don’t fall under our eye, they’re all doing pretty well. And you know as you’d expect in an economy where people are looking for value, I think that trend has held pretty constant to be honest. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup and Investment Research:  When I look at your cereal data for the quarter specifically our FDM data was indicating up 4.7%. You reported up 4 for your internal sales number and historically what I’ve been watching at a number of companies including Kellogg is a substantially higher reported number from the company’s when you take into account the non-measured. So that’s where my confusion is coming from.
David Mackay:  Well I think David then you really go back to what our consumption was in the quarter which was 6 to 7%, probably towards the high end of the 6 to 7. Our shipments were 4. As I mentioned on the call and in a previous question, we did see inventories year-on-year come down pretty significantly, more Kellogg issue or opportunity I think than a category thing. So I think if you look at consumption versus shipment, I think then you’d find that the data is very consistent with what you’d normally expect.
David Driscoll - Citigroup and Investment Research:  Can you just comment on the competitive environment in U.S. cookies and crackers just a bit further?
David Mackay:  Yes, it’s pretty intense. But we did see a pretty big step up there through the second quarter. I would expect that to probably continue. I mean in this sort of environment I think most branded manufacturers have been quite pragmatic. They’re looking to offer consumers value during this recession. So you know we see that continuing.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets:  My main question is about the media opportunities but I wanted to follow up on the inventory issue. Is that a function do you think of your competitors maybe being a little bit more aggressive on trade promotions? Or is it more of a conscious effort on your part, working on inventory?
David Mackay:  I think we’re always aiming to pull inventories down wherever we can because that’s a positive, not only for our trading partners but for us. I’m sure part of it was that. There could have been other elements in there. We just know that as we look at inventory year-on-year that it had a significant impact on the 6 to 7% consumption data for the 4% shipment data. It was the overwhelming differential between the two. And to be honest as we look at it we feel great about that, because our inventories as we finished Q2 and go on to Q3 in U.S. cereal are lower than we’d normally expect, which is a very positive place to be.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets:  And then on the media deflation opportunity, is the back half weighting of your ad spending this year, does that relate in any way to your expectation for costs to come down more in the back half than what you might have seen in Q2? So just maybe more opportunistic with that? And then I know you don’t have perfect visibility yet probably, but how would you characterize what you’ve seen so far in just the up front negotiations, the negotiations in the up front market for the advertising?
David Mackay:  There’s nothing opportunistic in it. I think maybe deflation is relatively consistent around the world. The U.S. as you know it’s probably going to come a little later in the year because, you know, we are on the up fronts and we have commitments that are locked in. But for us a pile of it is as I mentioned timing of programs. Some of the things that we planned to do in Q2 have slipped into Q3. So that gave us a benefit in the quarter but, you know, we’re going to spend that money back. But it is just an opportunity in a recessionary environment to continually insure that consumers are seeing our brands and we’re able to get the quality and value perception up in this environment. As far as the up fronts, I think they’re just starting so I couldn’t give you any specifics on that. I don’t think we’re far enough in.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  I guess if you look at this earning season for food retailers versus the earning season that food’s had so far, there’s a stark disconnect. And I think, I’m talking about the U.S. companies here. And I know you mentioned European retailers as far as tough negotiations, but how do you see the tone of your conversations or conversations you’ve had with people internally touch your food retailer customers change in the past 3 or 4 months as it seems times have gotten tougher? You know at the margin what can Kellogg do to, you know, what’s the message Kellogg is sending to food retailers, you know, how you can help them grow their business in the next 12 months?
David Mackay:  Okay Jonathan, I think a few things. One is anything we can do to work with all of our retail partners to reduce inventory, to take cost out of the system, we will do and continue to do wherever we can. Driving value and offering growing opportunities for all of our retail partners to attract consumers into their stores and working collaboratively with them on that, insuring that we’re investing heavily against our brands so we can keep category growth going is also essential for us. And things like renovating our products. You know some of the work we’re doing on adding fiber to our products we think is going to be a very positive thing from an overall category and consumer perspective. So it’s a combination of a number of factors. But probably most importantly listening to what specifically they want to do in their particular retailer outlet and trying to channel their support so we meet their needs and our needs for mutual benefit.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Palmer – UBS.
David Palmer – UBS:  You mentioned some specific reasons for weakness in Europe and you still expect small revenue growth there for the year. Several players in Europe and many consumer companies have noted that trends are slipping on the continent but you know of course you say things are kind of unchanged. Are you really seeing things slip at all there due to economic drag or perhaps any market share issues? And then separately, why do you think your trends through the second quarter were stronger in the UK than in continental Europe?
David Mackay:  I think, you know, when you look at Europe in totality there are some differentials by market. The continent’s clearly tougher. Markets like Italy and Spain and to a lesser extent France, you know, have really struggled. Spain I think is running with an unemployment rate around or over 20% but certainly it’s close to that level. So you know it’s very hard to talk just about Europe without getting into some of the market differences. Europe last year slowed dramatically around July, August. That’s when some of the markets really started to slow. So part of the reason for our confidence in being able to do low single digit in the back half, even though we’re flat through the first half, is the fact that the comps for us and I think for many companies get easier in the back half because we’re now lapping those slowdowns. And then of course in the first half as we’ve mentioned while we’ve resolved some of the retailer issues, we’re not fully back into promotional swing with all of them. That’s broadly behind us at the end of the second quarter. You know that’s really it. The general belief is that when you look at our categories they’re still doing pretty well. The UK’s probably been the most solid but you know in general terms we feel pretty confident about doing low single digit in the back half in Europe.
David Palmer – UBS:  And it’s not one of those trends right now we’re through even through the quarter it looks like it’s slipping. It seems like it’s stable enough on almost a two year basis such that you should enjoy a re-acceleration with the easing comparisons in the second half.
David Mackay:  Yes. Certainly as we look at our categories and the trends we’re not seeing, you know, sort of quarter-to-quarter deterioration but some of the drop offs that we saw July, August last year, once we lap those the comparisons are going to be significantly easier. And the performance in the back half we feel pretty good about.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities:  I believe I’ll just follow up on David’s question with regard to international. I’m kind of wondering specifically in Mexico if there was any let’s say quote, unquote benefit to the business because of the H1N1 virus alert down there? And then also in Australia I think David you mentioned that the other retailers were kind of supporting you. But I mean you guys know Australia better than I do but I thought there was only basically two retailers there. So could you kind of clarify those two issues? And then I have a follow up.
David Mackay:  Sure. In Mexico we had a very strong quarter and very strong in cereal in particular. You know I think we did see when H1N1 first came out that earlier in the quarter we saw what we assumed was a bit of a spike in shipments because people might have been loading up the pantries. That probably worked itself out during the balance of the quarter. So I’m not sure it had any material impact in the quarter. It was positive in the first part of the quarter but that did die down as you went through the back half of Q2. So I’m not sure that was really meaningful. So you know I think Mexico’s strong performance and you know we still are a little cautious on the back half. But things are going pretty well there. Australia, yes you’re right there are really two major retailers and our third player is a retailer-wholesaler. We have an issue with one of the major retailers and we’re working our way through that and we are getting very positive support from the other retailers. So while it’s challenging, you know, I’m sure we’ll resolve it in due course.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities:  And then John if I could ask as you noted you’ve moved the up front spending from $0.14 expected up to now $0.26 for this year. You know can you kind of frame that in terms of your I guess comfort level with the $1 billion cost savings target? Is that basically a signal that you’re that much more confident and therefore you’re willing to spend more up front to deliver on those targets? Just maybe a little more clarification.
John Bryant:  We have great visibility into the $1 billion. When we first mentioned the $1 billion to the street back in Cagney we didn’t have the same level of visibility as to how we were going to go about getting it. We had a general sense but without the details. Now we’re further along in that. We have a much better sense of where we’re going to go to get the savings. And as we’ve done that we’ve identified some additional up front costs associated to get that $1 billion.  So I’d say as we look at this year we’re well on track and we’re getting a sort of good component of those savings in this year and those $0.26 of up front costs are all related to getting that $1 billion cost saving.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  I know you guys mentioned on the call that you were 90% hedged on the commodities. Have you begun to think about 2010 on the commodities particularly given that they’re lower? Have you started to be more aggressive or is it typical of what you’re doing for 2010?
David Mackay:  We’re certainly looking at ’10 and we’re taking some actions but what we’ll do, Ken, is give you an upside on that as we do the third quarter and give you guidance for next year. We’ll give you a sense of where we are and what we’re doing.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  Can you talk a little bit about your strategy with Kashi? How healthy is it now and how broad do you think it can get? If you can talk just a little about that trend because it seems to be one of those, you know, I wouldn’t say hidden gems but not something that you talk as much about or could you just broaden out a little bit on the strategy on Kashi.
David Mackay:  Sure. Kashi is a very strong brand and equity. It continues to do well, well in excess of $0.5 billion. And growing. I mean it came up through the natural organic channel and that channel as you’d probably be aware is struggling at the moment. We’re doing better than the channel is but it slowed a little. So we continue to see Kashi growing. Maybe the growth will slow a little bit in this sort of tough environment. Potentially people are trading in now to that particular natural and organic segment but a very strong equity for us in the long term.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  My last question is how little will it take before sales and takeaway will be more aligned? Are we done with the inventory and so going forward? Just the duration part of it.
David Mackay:  That was really a specific and probably noticeable impact on U.S. cereal only. And it’s only because I think investors watching U.S. cereal saw dramatically that we drew that out because you know growing 6 or 7 in consumption, gaining share is inconsistent with 4% shipments. So we normally don’t see that big a swing in a given quarter. As I’ve already said I think it’s a positive because as we go into Q3 inventories are lower but I don’t think it’s more than a bit of an aberration to be quite honest.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. For the third quarter and going forward we don’t need to be worried about that issue.
David Mackay:  No. If anything happens in the third quarter that’s material, we will tell you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane - BAS-ML.
Bryan Spillane - BAS-ML:  Just a couple of points of clarification on the outlook for the year. First on share repurchases, are you expecting, is an expectation for share repurchases for the second half built into the guidance?
David Mackay:  We do have the authorization for $650 million for the share buyback. In putting together our guidance we have very little benefit from that in our guidance. So to the extent that we execute that authorization it will be very back end loaded.
Bryan Spillane - BAS-ML:  If I remembered it right, at one point there was an expectation for interest expense for the year, net interest expense for the year to be about $270 to $275 million. But you’ve swapped some debt from long term debt. Is there any change in that interest expense expectation for the year?
David Mackay:  We’re now saying around $270 for the year.
Bryan Spillane - BAS-ML:  Gross margins at one point you were expecting gross margins to be unchanged for ’09. Is that still the expectation?
David Mackay:  No. I think when we gave guidance last time we even said we could a little bit better than that and in this quarter we’ve taken the guidance up to 50 basis points for the year.
Bryan Spillane - BAS-ML:  So that would imply that gross margins for the back half of the year, though, would be basically flat. Is that?
David Mackay:  No. I think we’re down year-to-date minus 20 basis points. That actually implies the back half is quite strong.
Bryan Spillane - BAS-ML:  And then just the last part, you know, if you look at the internal sales goal, you know, goal for internal sales growth for the year I guess it implies that it accelerates in the back half of the year. And I guess part of it would be you wouldn’t have anymore inventory reductions. But you look at the second half of the year, would you expect that you’re going to see more volume, volume contribute more to your revenue growth in the back half of the year relative to pricing? Or just trying to get an understanding of what’s going to drive that acceleration in internal sales growth in the back half of the year.
John Bryant:  Just to clarify. Where we are year-to-date is actually at 3.5% in sales growth so we’re right on our 3 to 4% for full year guidance. So you know the back half could be a very similar rate of growth. The front half is still meeting the full year outlook. And then on price mix volume I think we’re seeing pretty good price mix through the first half. We’d expect that to continue in the back half. Volume might be a little bit better but we’ll see how it plays out.
Bryan Spillane - BAS-ML:  You’re in a range at least relative balance wise in terms of what we would expect in the back half of the year.
John Bryant:  Yes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  I’d like to thank you for the incremental disclosure on the back of the release as well. You’re making it easy for us. Thank you. So I just had two quick questions. The first one is just a bit of a follow on to that. The retailer issues that you had that were disclosed in the first quarter, in terms of their effect on the business, I know they’ve gotten better but was there a heavier effect on the second quarter? I’m focusing more on Europe where the volumes got a little worse. Would it have been a little heavier hit to the volumes this quarter than maybe it was in the first quarter?
David Mackay:  Probably similar. You know I think when you look at volumes for Europe you’ve got to remember that half of it was Russia, so, you know, Russia I think the volume was down 15% but net sales were up 8%. So and then the other half there was a little bit of an element towards the fact that while we resolved most of those issues we’re still not fully back into the promotional swing. And then in Italy and the UK we did see a little bit of an inventory reduction. Italy specifically because a year ago there was a belief that in Q2 there was going to be a freight or transport strike, so the trade built up inventories anticipation of that. And you know this year we didn’t have that so they came down, quarter on quarter. So you know a combination of factors but probably slightly less, but Russia was really the big volume impact.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  And then I just wanted to clarify on the up front costs, the $0.26 for the year. Did that in any way pull forward expenses from next year? It would be one element of the question. The other one would be are those still focused on Q2 and Q3 in terms of your heaviest quarters for the up front costs?
David Mackay:  The up front’s cost, Chris, now $0.26, is pretty evenly straight across the back half of the year. So Q3 and Q4 probably look pretty similar to Q2 in terms of how it’s phasing out. And then in terms of I wouldn’t describe them as pulled forward projects. I think we’re going to wait until our third quarter conference call to give you guidance on next year’s up front costs. We’re still working through what that will look like.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  And you had said $0.22 before, so that’s kind of the current guidance for next year. Is that correct?
David Mackay:  Last time we took the up front costs up to $0.22 for this year. We said we expect it to be a similar number for next year, but again we’re still working through that in more detail. We’ll give you better guidance on the third quarter call.
Joel Wittenberg: Let’s take one last question.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital:  Just a quick one. I realize that your gross margin year-over-year looks a lot better when you account for you know some of the up front costs that fell into cost of goods this year versus last year, and obviously some of the acquisition impact and such. I guess one of the questions I’m getting a lot this morning is where some of the food companies that we’ve seen report in the last couple of weeks seem, you know, probably much more dramatic year-over-year gross margin improvement, you know, in their quarters. I’m trying to get a sense whether perhaps there’s a difference maybe in some of the way you know you’ve hedged some of your inputs or maybe a difference in some of the inputs maybe you’re using versus some of the others. Just you know I realize that you’re expecting gross margin improvement to accelerate a bit in the back half of the year. But I guess I was just wondering what the disconnect is between some of the more outsized improvements we’ve seen versus yours.
David Mackay:  Well, Andrew, I think you’re right. First up front costs are limiting our growth and in the second quarter our up front costs impacted gross margin by about 80 basis points. I can’t talk to what other companies are seeing, what’s driving their gross margin. But from our perspective we’re seeing good price mix performance in the business as well as delivery on our $1 billion cost challenge. And those two in combination, even though we’re still seeing year-on-year inflation and higher up front costs are enabling us to drive positive gross margin.
Joel Wittenberg:  All right. Well thanks everybody for listening in today. We’re here to answer any additional questions and we appreciate your interest in Kellogg Company. I’ll turn it back over to Doug.
Operator:  Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today’s teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 09:30:00) =====
Kellogg Company (K):
Executives: Joel Wittenberg – VP, IR David Mackay – President and CEO John Bryant – COO and CFO
Analysts: Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus Bryan Spillane – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch David Palmer – UBS Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott Rob Moskow – Credit Suisse Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Co. Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company 2009 First Quarter Earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator instructions) Thank you. At this time, I will turn over the call over Joe Wittenberg, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wittenberg, you may begin your conference.
Joel Wittenberg: Thanks Christina and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for a review of our first quarter results. With me here in Battle Creek are David MacKay, President and CEO; John Bryant, Chief Operating and Financial Officer, and Gary Pilnick, General Counsel. We must point out that certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company’s future performance including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, cost savings, brand building, upfront costs, impact of the recall and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today’s conference call will be available by phone through Monday evening by dialing 888-632-8973 in the US and 201-499-0429 international from international locations. The passcode is #43296486. The call will be also available via webcast which will be archived for 90 days. Now, let me turn it over to David.
David Mackay: Thanks Joel and good morning everyone. We are pleased to report that our first quarter results were ahead of our expectations, driven by broad based internal sales growth of over 4%. As we discussed previously, the first quarter was expected to be one of our more challenging quarters. But by continuing to execute against our strategy and business model, we performed well despite the tough economic conditions, the peanut related product recalls and the impact of some of challenging European retail negotiations which have now been resolved. Internal net sales which excludes the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions and shipping days rose 4% versus last year’s 5% comparable. Internal operating profit rose 7% driven by a solid sales growth as well as relentless focus on cost saving initiatives and efficiency. In addition, we faced a difficult quarter of commodity cost pressures and absorbed cost related to the recalls. Earnings per share were $0.84, a 4% increase on a reported basis and a 14% increase on a currency neutral basis. EPS was also significantly above their target. With a solid momentum, we are now even more confident we’ll achieve our most recent full year guidance of 3% to 4% internal sales growth, mid-single digit internal operating profit growth and high-single digit currency neutral earnings per share growth. We will reinvest advertising savings and strive to increase our consumer impressions at a lower cost. In addition, in this difficult economic environment, we are focused on driving a strong value message to consumers. We now plan to significantly increase our investments at upfront cost saving initiatives. From our original expectation of $0.14 per share to approximately $0.22 per share and we expect this heightened level to continue in 2010. These investments keep us on track to achieve $1 billion of annual cost savings by the end of 2011. The annual savings which will be achieved over three years combined with our business momentum gives us increased visibility into our future earnings. Last, we will continue to return cash to shareholders’ during 2009. We have confidence in our long-term business model as evidenced by the Board of Directors decision to increase the dividend by 10% starting in the third quarter. And now I would like to turn it over to John to take you through the financials.
John Bryant: Thanks David and good morning everyone. Slide 4 highlights our financial performance for the first quarter. During our last call, we discussed the significant challenges we faced during the quarter including a tough competitive landscape, the weak economy, the impact of the peanut related recalls and tough comps. Despite these headwinds we exceeded our long-term targets of low-single digit internal sales growth, mid-single digit operating profit growth and high-single digit currency neutral EPS growth. Reported sales declined by 3% during the first quarter driven by an 8% negative impact from foreign exchange. Internal sales which excludes the effect of foreign exchange and our recent acquisitions were up 4% building up last year’s 5% growth. While reported operating profit declined by 3% driven by foreign exchange and lapping last year’s strong 9% growth Internal operating profit rose 7%, driven by sales performance and productivity initiatives and offset by cost pressures. In addition, the recalls reduced operating profit by approximately 5% and reduced earnings per share by about $0.05 per share. Upfront costs during the first quarter were $0.03 roughly in line with last year. Reported earnings per share rose to $0.84, a 4% increase on a reported basis and a 14% increase in a currency neutral basis. Let’s turn to Slide 5 to discuss our first quarter net sales growth in more detail. First quarter reported sales declined by 2.7% due to a 7.7% decline from currency. Internal sales are as 4.2% as their pricing and mixed initiatives continue to flow through with solid 5.8% growth. Tonnage declined by 1.6% in the quarter. However, it is important to note that our global cereal volume was up approximately 1% in the quarter. Our consolidated decline in volume was driven by snacks, which was impacted primarily by discrete items including the impact of the peanut related recalls, select cracker box size adjustments and a shift from lower-margin bulk products to higher value-added products in Russia where volume declined 16%, the net sales grew 9%. In addition, our recent acquisitions added 80 basis points to sales growth. Let’s turn to Slide 6 to discuss our gross profit performance. Our reported gross profit for the first quarter was $1.3 billion, a decline of 5% driven by recall costs and an 8% foreign exchange impact. On an internal basis, gross profit rose 3%. Gross profit margin declined in 2008 by about 80 basis points due to the peanut related recalls and acquisitions. In the quarter, we incurred approximately 5% cost inflation driven primarily by $77 million in additional commodity costs which we offset with pricing. In 2009, we continue to anticipate gross margin to approximately unchanged from 2008. Now let’s turn to Slide 7 to discuss cost pressures. 2009 cost pressure is forecast at approximately 4% of cost of goods. The increase is primarily driven by rice, packaging and factory inflation, skew to Europe and Latin America. For the year, we are about 80% hedged. Let’s turn to Slide 8 to discuss operating profit growth. First quarter internal operating profit rose 7%, driven by solid internal sales growth and cost savings offset by cost pressures and the peanut related recalls. For the upfront cost investments are roughly unchanged from last year, they are falling in different regions year on year which impacts their comparability. North America operating profit rose by 2% versus last year’s tough 10% comparable. The results were adversely impacted by high commodity costs and upfront costs as well as the recalls. European internal operating profit rose 9% due to lower upfront costs and mediate savings partially offset by higher commodity costs. In Latin America, internal operating profit rose by 28% versus 2008, driven by high-single digit internal net sales growth and lower upfront cost. And in Asia Pacific, internal operating profit increased by 16%, driven by double digit internal net sales growth. Below the operating profit line, we benefited from fewer shares outstanding and our interest expense declined to $67 million offset by a tax rate of about 31% which is slightly higher than last year. Let’s turn to Slide 9 to review our advertising investment. Our commitment to investing in advertising will continue to be a key to our business model and essential to achieving our goals. During the first quarter, internal advertising spending rose by about 3% only in line with internal sales. As you can see, our spending rose mid-to-high single digits around the world except in Europe where we experienced a positive impact of efficiencies and media deflation. Despite a lower level of spend in Europe, we believe we are achieving a higher level of consumer impressions across the region. As you can see, we continue to invest more in advertising in other markets around the world and we are achieving increased efficiency year on year. As we discussed with Cagney, we continue to drive efficiencies in more than $1 billion of spending which will result in an increase in consumer impressions at lower cost. For the full year, we expect advertising spending to grow in line with sales. Let’s turn to Slide 10 to discuss cash flow. This quarter cash flow was $172 million in line with last year. We are very pleased with this performance which was negatively impacted by foreign exchange and the timing of a net $82 million interest payment in the quarter. For the full year, we anticipate another strong year of cash flow. Our forecast for cash flow is between 1,050,000,000 and $1,150,000,000 which still includes the impact of about $100 million foreign exchange headwind. Let’s turn to Slide 11 to review some of the key areas effecting out outlook. We have set an ambitious goal of $1billion of annual cost savings by the end of 2011 ramping up over three-year period. As we discussed with Cagney, we continue to focus on these cost savings initiatives, help drive sustainable and dependable growth. As a result, we expect 2009 through 2011 productivity savings to be closer to 4% of cost of goods versus our historical 3% rate. This gives us increased future earnings visibility. In order to achieve ambitious goals, we now plan to increase our investment in upfront costs from our original expectation of $0.14 to $0.22 per share during 2009 and a similar amount in 2010. We expect to absorb the higher level of upfront cost and still deliver our guidance of 2009 of high-single digit earnings per share on a currency neutral basis. We are on track to deliver the first year of savings to the Kline [ph] initiative, indirect procurement and overhead discipline. We will keep you updated on the progress of these savings initiatives going forward. Let’s turn to Slide 12 to discuss the foreign exchange impact on EPS. Since we last update you at year end, the US dollar has weakened slightly against some of the key currencies and strengthened against some others. Slide 12 shows that key currencies with the 2008 actual rates in recent spot rates. Assuming current exchange rates, the full year impact on EPS from translational foreign exchange will be approximately 8%. As we discussed last quarter, our 2009 guidance of high single-digit EPS on a local currency basis excludes this foreign exchange impact. We continue to update you on the impact of FX on a quarterly basis. Let’s turn to Slide 13 to review our outlook for full year. We will continue to stick to our business model and strategy. For 2009, our full year outlook has not changed and we remain confident in our ability to deliver another year of sustainable and dependable performance. We continue to forecast 3% to 4% internal net sales growth which is ahead of our long-term target. Gross profit margin is expected to remain unchanged as our cost savings initiatives and price realization offset cost pressures. We plan to significantly increase our investment and upfront cost savings initiatives from our earlier expectation of $0.14 per share to approximately $0.22 per share. These investments give us the confidence that we will achieve our target $1 billion of annual cost savings by the end of 2011. We continue to expect mid-single digit operating profit growth in line with our long-term target despite higher upfront cost investments and approximately 4% inflation. Finally, we expect high-single digit earnings per share growth on a currency neutral basis. Below the operating profit line, interest expense is now expected to be between $270 million to $275 million while the full year tax rate is forecast at between 30% and 31%. Shares outstanding are expected to decline in the back half of the year. In summary, despite the difficult economic environment and volatile markets, we will stick to our business model and strategy and continue to reinvest back into our business with future visibility. Now, I would like to turn it back over to David on Slide 14 for the business review.
David Mackay: Thanks John. Our first quarter North American internal sales growth was a solid 4% versus last year’s 5% comparable. If you turn to Slide 15, we’ll discuss each business unit in a bit more detail. We continue to be very pleased with the Ready-To-Eat Cereal category which we estimate grew roughly 6% to 7% during the quarter, and North American Ready-To-Eat Cereal internal net sales growth was 6% during the first quarter, a strong performance against a fairly tough year ago comparable. As mentioned at Cagney, our first quarter IRI category share comparables will be the most difficult of the year, and while our IRI share declined, strengthened non-measured channels resulted in only a modest overall share decline year on year. Sales growth was broad based with solid performance from their core nine brands as well as innovations like Jumbo Rice Krispies, Special K Blueberry, and Frosted Mini-Wheats Little Bites. As discussed before, we are also reviewing our – brands for efficiency opportunities. Our Kashi business grew at mid-single digits during the quarter and we are pleased with the performance of Bear Naked which delivered strong base sales growth. Our Canadian business also grew internal net sales by mid-single digits for the first quarter despite aggressive competitive pricing where the highly successful resolution promotion which drove strong Special K and all brand sales. Our Kashi business still in its early stages in Canada continues to show strong momentum in both cereal and snacks. Let’s turn to Slide 16 to discuss the North American snacks performance. North American snacks internal net sales grew 2% on top of last year’s 5% growth. Sales were negatively impacted by about 4% due to the recalled product much of which is not sold through our DSD system. We continue to be pleased with our DSD business which grew about 6% during the quarter. If you turn to Slide 17, we’ll look at more detail about our snacks business performance. Our Pop-Tarts business posted a solid quarter with mid-single digit internal net sales growth. We achieved solid performance across both measured and non-measured channels. This quarter’s crackers (inaudible) grew double digits and we gained IRI categories share. We achieved solid performance by our new Special K Crackers which performed ahead of expectations. In addition, we continue to drive double digit Cheez-It growth. Cookies store door sales grew low-single digits in a competitive category with solid performance from Sandies, Chips Deluxe and Right Bites on the Go Packs. Our snacks store door sales achieved mid-single digit growth and our IRI category share grew with strong performance from Kashi TLC bars and Rice Krispies Treats. And our new FiberPlus bars are off to a very good start. And if we turn to Slide 18 to discuss our Frozen and Specialty Channels performance. Now Frozen and Specialty Channels Q1 sales rose 6% versus last year’s 10% comparable. We continue to achieve strong performance from Eggo Waffles and Pancakes. In addition, their premium priced Nutri-Grain and Special K Waffles as well as our Baked (inaudible) continue to perform well. Morningstar Farms Veggie foods continue to perform well driven by solid base sales growth in meal solutions. Kashi Frozen meals continue to grow IRI’s share driven by increased distribution and strong base sales. On Slide 19, you see international internal net sales grew 4% versus last year’s strong 6% growth. We achieved these results despite the headwinds of a weak global economy. European internal sales grew 1% during the first quarter. Sales were impacted by challenging negotiations with some retailers which all are now being resolved will also impact our Q2 results. We achieved mid-single digit sales growth in the UK driven by strong performance from Frosties, Crunchy Nut and Snacks. This was partially offset by significantly lower sales in Ireland due to the downward price adjustments caused by exchange rate movements between the euro and British pound. As we discussed last quarter, we anticipate Europe’s full year internal net sales growth at low-single digits and we expect softer first half sales followed by stronger second half. In Latin America, internal sales was a solid 8% during Q1 on top of last year’s 7% growth. We achieved high-single Ready-To-Eat Cereals sales growth and mid-single digit Snacks sales growth. Core brands like (inaudible) Corn Flakes and Chocolate Krispies performed well in the difficult economic climate. In Asia Pacific, Q1 internal sales grew 11% driven by strong performance in Australia, South Korea, India and South Africa. In Australia, we continue to grow ahead of a very strong cereal category and gain share. We have also achieved double-digit internal sales growth in South Africa and India. And if you can turn to Slide 20 for a summary. We remain confident in our ability to deliver sustainable and dependable performance in 2009 and beyond. The current economic environment while challenging and difficult for our consumer base gives us even greater incentive to focus on cost control and continuous improvement so we can strengthen our business while driving future visibility. Our strong first quarter performance provides early momentum and give us the ability to significantly increase this year’s upfront investments from $0.14 to $0.22 to draw the $1 billion cost savings initiative. These savings give us increased confidence to deliver future growth. We will continue to focus on reinvesting in our brand through strong advertising. We have identified efficiencies and areas for improved effectiveness and we will continue to invest in strong consumer engagement, so our consumer impressions increase at a rate faster than sales. In addition, as we discussed with Cagney, we are driving fewer, bigger and better innovations and renovations to meet consumers needs in this environment and to further differentiate and enhance our portfolio. In summary, our business model and strategy remain relevant and we are committed to our operating principles of manage for cash and sustainable growth. We are making the right investments in our business to drive visibility and flexibility and are well-positioned to continue delivering long-term sustainable and dependable growth. And now let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Thank you. Our first question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs. Please take your question.
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
David Mackay: Good morning, Judy.
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: David, just looking at the cereal in North America up 6% internal sales growth in the quarter looks pretty encouraging. I’m just wondering if you can may be strip out how much pricing and mix added to that growth, and as you think about your commitment to gain share again in the cereal category whether the pricing improvement in that part of the segment can be seen over the period of time?
David Mackay: Yes. I think when you look at out performance, the great thing about in the US cereal category was the growth overall, up 6% to 7%. So, very strong performance from the category, and to be frank, we are seeing that from a lot of the larger cereal markets around the world. Price mix, given we took some pricing early in the third quarter and we left an increase from 2008 where with price protected was probably a little higher than would expect it to be for the balance of the year. And our volume also grew 1%. So, we saw a good combination of volume growth probably higher price mix in the first quarter than would expect for the balance of the year. So, overall, while we never lose share. If you look at the total market performance, we did lose probably a few tenths a share. Very strong performance from the category and a very solid performance from Kellogg and what is our toughest comparative for year.
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: And then if I can follow up, in terms of your guidance, you are now expecting $0.08 of higher upfront cost, but you are basically sticking with the full year guidance. So, that implies the underlying momentum is actually stronger. Where do you think that there is upside in terms of the underlying momentum that gives you confidence you can offset the $0.08?
David Mackay: The whole K-Lean initiative and the $1 billion challenge we laid out at Cagney. We started on that in 2008. We’ve got great traction across the business, not only in North America but in many markets around the world and that’s going extremely well for us. We mentioned the indirect procurement work that’s going on, that’s playing out extremely well for us. And the overall process we have looking to simplify and standardize all we do. I think is going to give us great visibility and benefit as we go through the course of 2009. So, I think they are probably the primary reasons why we are seeing greater visibility and increased confidence in a very, very difficult market where consumers they are clearly looking for value.
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
David Mackay: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel Nicolaus. Please take your question.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, good morning.
David Mackay: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi. I want to ask you first on the increase in the upfront cost that you initially had talked about this K-Lean initiative and how you could sort that within kind of the $0.14. I’m just trying to get a feel for the expenses to achieve the ability in cost savings greater than you thought, is it just a matter of kind of employing [ph] forward?
David Mackay: Well, as I think as we have got into all of the aspects of the $1 billion challenge and started to quantify some of the costs. We have seen that to actually achieve that. We will have some expense in ’09 and certainly through ’10. We are fortunate to be able to absorb that and stay with that guidance for this year. And we think that’s the right thing for the business for the long term particularly in the tough economic times where I think most shareholders’ will appreciate the fact that we are going to drive future visibility and the ability to have the confidence to stay in dependable performance over the medium term.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. That’s very – then the last question I had for you. The Kellogg model has been – has been heavily relying on mix. And I’m just curious in this kind of environment you talked about you are bringing more of value metrics [ph] to the consumer. Does that complicate that strategy in terms of achieving mix improvements in the business? You obviously have good pricing coming through and we should see better volumes through the year, but I’m just curious on the mix side of it. Any change in your thoughts there?
David Mackay: Yes. I think certainly mix is still important to us. Our expectation would be that they will be a little bit of mix, probably more predominantly price of the price mix in the first quarter, but as we mentioned that will abide as little bit as we go through the year given overlapping price protected first quarter increase in last year. So, we won’t see that high level. So, I would expect to see some mix, little bit more price, not as much as Q1 and volume to be solid in this environment.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you.
David Mackay: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please take your question.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. Just a question on gross margin. Looks like you got a little bit better price realization in the first quarter. It looks like your outlook for the year, your expectation on cost inflation is a little or at least the low end of that range. So, curious as to why the gross margin expectation for the full year won’t be better than expected. Is it because some of the upfront cost are running through there or is there something else I’m missing?
John Bryant: I think it’s a great question Bryan. And certainly you are right, we have lowered some of you pricing expectations because at Cagney we said 4% to 5%, we are now 4% cost reduction to the – and as you see in the first quarter, we are seeing good performance from price and mix. We are saying flat for the year in gross margin. The higher fund [ph] cost for the year as some of that will follow through cost of goods. And as I said at Cagney where I (inaudible) to be flat, we certainly have the opportunity to potentially do better than that.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. And just I want a clarification on Chris Growe’s question. Is K-Lean or the upfront cost is more higher because it’s just more expensive or is it because you are pulling cost forward. I guess it was a little unclear on the answer to that?
David Mackay: When we laid up the $1 billion challenge at Cagney, we didn’t have complete visibility and how we were going to do that. Over the last couple of months, we have given substantially higher visibility how actually going get that $1 billion. These are actually additional new projects as opposed to increase in spend on prior projects.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer of UBS. Please take your question.
David Palmer – UBS: Thanks. Hi, guys. Question on just looking at some of the scanner data may be you cold get some color behind maybe the market dynamics behind two categories and that is cereal, what do you attribute aside from just a simple comparison to may be is just that simple. With regard to cereal, your last three months share trends have certainly improved versus the category, and are you at all alarmed at the category at least in the metric channels is not doing better up until lately or do you just see that channel migration? And then separately on cookies, it does look like that category while it’s not been one of your best categories in recent years, it seems to be getting to fairly alarming trends. Is that just the peanut butter issue or do you think there is something else competitively? Thanks.
David Mackay: David, firstly on cereal. I mean the category in IRI for the quarter showed up 3.5% and typically we would add anywhere between 2.5% to 3.5% to get a true picture of what’s going on in the market. That’s the way our view is that total category, all segments they grew 6% to 7%. So, a very strong performance. So, – and I think if you look at that 3.5% even on IRI year ago in the same quarter was up 1.5%. So, the significant acceleration even on IRI data in the category, I think that’s a great performance. We saw that that category start to accelerate in back half of last year. But I think this is really related to the fact that cereal remains great value, it’s versatile, convenient, nutritive. So, the category is growing strongly. Hard to know whether it will grow that level for the balance of the year, but certainly would expect it to grow well. On cookies, when you look at again all channel performance, we did grow. I think the category is still growing low-single digits and would expect it to continue to probably grow low-single digits for the balance of the year. So, we are not seeing anything that you must be seeing to draw another conclusion for that belief.
David Palmer – UBS: And within cereal, is it just simply comparisons because it doesn’t seem like there is any sort of mega introduction behind the special K trademark or whatever to be helping your case so to speak. What – is there any sort of shining star within cereal business that’s helping your trend lately?
David Mackay: Kellogg in particular?
David Palmer – UBS: Yes.
David Mackay: Yes. I think really when you look at the core icon R [ph] brand that we are focusing on. We grew share in those even on IRI basis. Base was up strongly. So, I think that really is the key for us as we continue to focus on driving the category. The performance was very good and while we did lose a few tens this year, even taking all channels into account, David, I think it was our toughest comparison for the year, so we feel pretty good about the rest of the year. I’d also say outside of the US that the field category globally in most of the major markets has shown a similar resilience in growth both through Mexico, Australia, Canada, the UK and the US, we’re seeing anywhere from 5% to 8% growth. So, I think this is a great category to be in and one that in tough economic times, continue just figuring out who represents great value.
David Palmer – UBS: Thanks, David.
David Mackay: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
David Mackay: Hi.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: I guess my first, let’s say, detailed question has to do with the increase in the upfront charges and where you see those hitting. Is that mostly going to be North America for K-Lean?
John Bryant: The upfront cost charges, Eric, are going to be fully for across North America and international. So we don’t know the position to give guidance as to exactly how they’re going to fall by geography or even by line between cost of goods and overhead. What I will say is of the 22 pennies, we saw about 3 pennies in the first quarter. We expect a similar amount in the fourth quarter, so mostly, the upfront cost are going to come through in Q2 and Q3. But until we disclose publicly what the projects are, I’m not in the position to tell you which geographies.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, I guess just to clarify, David, did you mention Bare Naked in terms of the internal sales growth in North America in cereal and was that even material to the growth because I guess I view that as more of a snack business than a cereal business?
David Mackay: Well, it is primarily cereal. And what I mentioned in the prepared remarks was that the base sales were up strongly and we’re very pleased with that.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And last thing, I guess I’m just a little bit surprised that your view of global cereal is so positive whereas cereal partners worldwide, their public comments have been that the category is slowing. And you can talk, obviously, individually about performance and market share, but it – I’m just surprised that the two biggest players in global cereal are viewing the market differently?
David Mackay: I think, Eric, you really got to look at where they skew versus us. We skew very much to the mature Anglo markets making up over 70% of our global cereal performance. They’re very strong and central in Eastern Europe and have some pockets of strength in other parts of the world where we are not valued as typically slowing from the fast rates that we’re seeing; whereas, we’re seeing somewhat the reimburse in the more mature markets where the categories are actually picking up a little bit. That might explain the difference.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Okay. I’ll pass it on. Thank you.
David Mackay: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta of Consumer Edge Research. Please state your question.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Thanks. It’s Consumer Edge Research. Good morning. Last year, you guys were pretty vocal about the competitive dynamic going on in the cereal category with your largest competitor having a higher percentage of their growth coming from incrementals, in your view, at least. It looked like, according to the Nielsen data for the latest quarter and the latest four weeks, a significant portion of your growth came from incrementals. I guess Nielsen shows that your baseline sales dollars for the quarter and the latest four weeks were down. I’m just wondering whether you could provide some color, as for all outlets, how your baseline versus incrementals in US cereals did and whether it’s fair to read into your results that promotional activities increased, at least on sequential basis?
David Mackay: If you look at the first quarter, the title categories I mentioned, our estimate is it grew 6% to 7%. We’re up about 6%. If you look at our top item, non-brand, we grew share. Their base was up with or above the category. That’s over 80% of our business. We do have two issues if you’re looking at base. Some filed innovations, Straws being one of those, and brands that either aren’t working or that we have de-emphasized year on year. Brands like All-Bran and Smart Start, still strong parts of that portfolio, but a heavy investment in the first half of last year, not as much investment this year. So, I think our role in strong business is nothing unusual. So, that would be my conclusion on our first quarter. The IRI incremental, the category was up about 8-ish percent, I think we’re up 10%, so we were slightly above the category. The most market increase in incremental has been in private label where, I think, retailers are clearly jumping on the current economic conditions and pushing it very, very hard.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Okay. And then, to circle back on some of the, I guess, non-core brands and your strategy there. Can you talk a little bit about the strategy to either – is the strategy there to fix them and to increase investment over the next couple of quarters behind them or is it to just continue to gradually de-emphasize things like Smart Start and the other one that you just mentioned, All-Bran, I believe. I realize Cereal Straws innovations that are missed, but for some of those other brands that had been some strong contributors in the past, could you talk a bit about the strategy going forward and what should we expect to see in the baseline data as you start to cycle these comparisons?
David Mackay: I think this is a natural thing for all class in the category with innovation sometimes not working. It’s not big in the scheme of things with the top eight, nine brands making up an excess of 80% of our portfolio. You are going to see some natural gravitation there. Then it will be dramatic if you take a brand like All-Bran. It’s been around since 1960 and it’s going to be around a long, long time. It may come down from a 1 to a 0.8, but long term, I think it’s still going to be a very vital brand set. Nothing major, but we did believe in our own reviews, Eric, that some of our innovation needed to be cleaned up and we’re doing that proactively. And we’ll probably let the bulk of that, anything over and above what would be typical or normal through the first half.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Great. Thanks a lot. I’ll pass it on.
David Mackay: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Roesch of Soleil Securities. Please state your question.
Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to check in on retail inventory levels, was there any impact during the quarter?
David Mackay: In the US, nothing noticeable, but a couple of international markets, we did see a little bit of reduction, Mexico being one, but nothing dramatic.
Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities: Okay. And then, thanks for the color on the European business. I wanted to get a little bit more, if you could, on Latin America. I know the upfront costs were down, but margins there were particularly strong. Was there anything that surprised you there?
David Mackay: No. It was actually a little bit above our expectation of 8%. We had said mid-single digits for the year. I think there’s a lot of concern that as the US economy has slowed, the impact on Mexico could be dramatic. We didn’t see that to the extent that we’d expected in the first quarter and Latin America actually grew pretty strongly. We’re watching it because I think there’s a general sense that there could be a degree of volatility in Latin America through the course of the year.
John Bryant: I think, also, Latin America had the benefit of lapping some upfront costs last year, so that was a good portion of the year-on-year growth.
Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein. Please state your question.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Good morning.
David Mackay: Good morning.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Just wanted to follow up on some of the earlier questions on productivity improvement. By my calculations, I guess 4% of COGS this year translates into about $300 million of savings or about a little bit over $0.50 a share. Can you talk about how that’s likely to save in through the course of the year? We already hit the run rate and it’s going to come in fairly evenly through the four quarters or is it something that’s going to ramp up during the course of the year as the increase in upfront investments phases in Q2 and Q3?
John Bryant: Alexia, the productivity is relatively smooth. It might increase a little bit towards the back part of the year, but it’s not a step change. It’s more of a reasonably smooth allocation throughout the year.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Okay, great. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
John Bryant: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Janney Montgomery Scott. Please state your question.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Good morning. Thank you. I wanted to dig in a little bit on Europe. Your performance and outlook has been a little bit more bullish than some others doing business in Europe, yet there is still that difference there. Maybe just a big picture question, I mean, what is it – David, you mentioned in your prepared remarks a difficult negotiation you had with, I think, with a couple of retailers there. I mean, what’s fundamentally is different about the value chain that’s driving what seems to be pretty dramatic private label shared growth and dramatically more value-seeking among consumers and more hostile relationship with retailers than you’re seeing in the US or, in fact, other markets globally? Any insight you could provide there on a big-picture basis would be appreciated?
David Mackay: I think there is probably two things, Jonathan. One is some of the more traditional larger retailers are concerned with what’s happening with the high discounters and the growth of high discounters. And a reaction to that, we saw that with Pesco [ph] in the UK, bringing in a new range of private label. So, I think that’s playing out not only in Europe but right across our entire business. I think all of our retail profits have a heightened sensitivity to the economic conditions and the stress they’re placing on consumers, and we are trying to work closely with them globally to ensure that we’re delivering value to consumers and why that works for both of us. You have some markets in Europe like Spain where unemployment is 18%, so that is a particularly difficult economic environment. And you asked, being a private label here as you’d expect, people force, at a greater extent, to try them, so it’s a bit of a mixed bag. But as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we worked our way through those. There were a number of them. And as we actually start to reinvigorate our trade promotions, we’ll see the positives of that in the second half. So, I don’t think there’s any dramatic difference apart from the economy and pockets. They’re just probably a little bit worse than we’re seeing across North America and some concerned by traditional retailers about a high discounter growth.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Great. Thank you very much.
David Mackay: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Rob Moskow – Credit Suisse: Hi, thank you. I guess I have a two-part question. The updated [ph] data today shows that your percent of sales sold on promotion is around 53%, it’s the highest it’s been in the last 15 months. At General Mills is down sequentially quite a bit from like 45% right around COGD [ph] to around 34% today. So, I guess my question is at COGD, you had a pretty negative tone and you’re expressing a lot of caution. Has anything changed – what changed since then? Did you promote more aggressively? Did you have more merchandising out than you had earlier in the quarter? And then, secondly, maybe you could also wrap that in with your comment that pricing will be weaker sequentially and this is as high as it gets in the first quarter. How should we read – why should pricing be weaker sequentially for the year?
David Mackay: Let me start with the last one and work backwards. If you look at our price mix in the first quarter, up 5/8, we don’t expect that level again forward. As I mentioned, we are lapping last year’s price increase, which was cost protected, so once we roll through that, that will bring it down. Also, in the first quarter, the recall impacted the business on mix because there were a lot of margin products coming out, so it tended to exaggerate it somewhat. And we’re seeing very high inflation international, so more pricing there. And, again, once some of that lull is over, we’d see it abate. As far as Kellogg and the promotional involvement goes, what we mentioned was that General Mills would lap very strong increase and incremental at the end of the first quarter, so we’re probably going to see that as we go through April and on. Kellogg is very focused on driving a strong value message to consumers in this environment, as I think are most companies. We’re working with our retail partners and through our marketing groups to stress value and quality of our brands, and we think that’s a focus in our orientation that is absolutely appropriate for the current global environment.
Rob Moskow – Credit Suisse: Okay. David, to what extent is the declining sequential price mix that you’re talking about? To what extent is that going to be driven by this peanut butter issue? Is that all of it? Is that 100 dips or –?
David Mackay: That’s high. We calculated our – I know it’s an impact, but I don’t think we’ve actually calculated how much it is, Rob.
Rob Moskow – Credit Suisse: Okay. I’ll follow up later. Thank you.
David Mackay: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning, everyone.
David Mackay: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: At some point, the upfront cost should be somewhat self-funding. Is that a thought that you have that should be going forward? Is there a point in time that you think that’ll happen or is it just always that you’re going to – I won’t say manage to the mid-single digit – high-single digit operating profit, but how does that work through?
John Bryant: Ken, I guess one of our issues is we’ve been executing upfront cost projects for several years now and the savings from those projects are coming through our P&L every year. So, if you were to go back over the last five or six years and add up all the savings from the upfront costs, it probably is an excess of our normal $0.14 of upfront cost in 2009. But because those costs have been – those savings have been coming through each year, we’ve been using that to offset inflation, to offset other things in the business. It’s not a case about having an accumulated saving, but now, we can somehow offset against the upfront costs.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Would you have increased the upfront costs if you didn’t have such strong earnings in the quarter?
John Bryant: Yes. I think we would have insisted going up the $1 billion challenge. These are upfront costs that we need to execute to get that $1 billion challenge. It’s the right thing to do for business. We’re fortunate to be in a position to be able to afford that, to be able to get our prior EPS guide.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: And my last question, have you seen any anecdotal evidence that there’s been a change in the demand in Mexico in any of your products or – can you just give a little color on that?
David Mackay: Not for the first quarter but –
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: But recently. I mean, obviously, the last couple of week or so and, obviously, because of Swine –
David Mackay: Yes, in the last couple of days because of the – I think it’s called H1N1 virus now. There’s been a couple of large orders come in the last couple of days, so yes, that’ll probably play through in the second quarter, so we’re not expecting that it’s going to have a material effect.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, I appreciate it.
David Mackay: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Bivens of J.P. Morgan. Please state your question.
Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
David Mackay: Hi, Terry.
Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan: Dave, as you look towards private label, we were looking at the Nielsen numbers, I guess, for the last month, March 11th, and then transitioning to the ones that came out today. Originally, it looked like you may have gotten hurt in some of the brands that one would think would be pretty competitive with private label cornflakes, for example, but it seems to – it’s down but down a little bit less some of the other brands, perhaps All-Bran. Have you recently made a stronger push against private label and if you could just address the trends there that seems to be a big concern with a lot of people?
David Mackay: And the concern is, Terry?
Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan: Private label.
David Mackay: The growth of private label?
Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan: Yes. Which brands might be more vulnerable is what I’m trying to get at –
David Mackay: Okay.
Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan: – and what you may be doing there?
David Mackay: Well, I think we’re looking at it more generally. And, I mean, private label has grown strongly, but I think the key point for now first is the category is doing incredibly well. So, if you look at the category, it’s up very strong. Private label is growing ahead of the category and I think that’s clearly because consumers are under pressure in trading down. It’s also a reality that retailers are seeing that as an opportunity to push private label, that their incremental is up as high as I can remember it, and that’s why I think our focus is on driving a strong value message to consumers. The part is differentiation between parts for that portfolio. There may be areas where you have stronger match-ups and that could be an area where we could see a little bit more impact, but I think nothing too dramatic at this point, Terry. And we may see it, but in an overall sense, if we could draw any positive because the private label is going to be an issue for all of it as we manage through the year. If you look at this year in the US and the first quarter of this year 10/3, and you look at this year in the fourth quarter of last year at 10/8, it was the first time that sequential share had actually come down. So, while they’re growing strongly, we watch it carefully, but we think we can continue to do well in this environment by driving a strong branded messages and a value orientation.
Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Ramey of D.A. Davidson. Please state your question.
Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson: Good morning. You were on the topic of managing down at spending through efficiencies last fall and Proctor was talking this morning about rates being significantly lower. Might there be a much bigger opportunity in delivering the same or greater messaging at significantly lower costs this year? Should we be thinking that way?
David Mackay: Well, certainly, there is a potential opportunity as we through the year. We’re seeing more media deflation in Europe than we have thus far in the US, although we will probably see some. And some of the other efficiency measures we’ve taken consolidated media buying and how we manage our commercial production, etc, applying through across the business. Our intent, as we said in the prepared remarks, this is a great opportunity for us. As you go back to the founder of W.K. Kellogg back in 1929, he said in a recession was a great time to increase your advertising. We have that type of orientation, Tim. If we get significantly more savings, our intent at this point will be to increase our impressions to make sure we are getting through to consumers about our value, about our value and about our qualities are very strong and even more strongly enforced. One area that we are seeing play through is consumer promotions where we have challenged the cost benefit of some of those and we are seeing that benefit actually flow through but are less so in advertising cost. Our current orientation would be invest there.
Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson: And just a quick one for John. The peanut recall, if you had to split it between cost to goods and SG&A, about what percent would be?
John Bryant: In the first quarter, about $23 million was cost to goods. About $4 million was SG&A.
Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson: Thank you.
Joel Wittenberg: Christina, we’ll take one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital. Please state your question.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: Good morning, everyone.
David Mackay: Good morning, Andrew.
John Bryant: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: I know when you started the upfront cost spending projects five or six years ago, I know some of the early projects had some very attractive payback period; if I’m not mistaken, two-, three-year paybacks. Given you’ve been at this awhile and even though you’ve identified a lot more opportunity, are the projects you’re looking at now still that attractive from a payback period standpoint or are we pushing it out a little bit at this big?
David Mackay: I don’t think, Andrew – we’ve actually upped our focus on this area and I think almost of the projects that we’ll undertake will have a, worst case, four- or five-year payback; some of them may be significantly better. So, I know there’s always been a belief that you eventually run out, but I think we continue to find the great projects that can really give us very good paybacks.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: Great. And then, just a last thing. I guess I’m just a little surprised that the phasing of the cost inflation for the year, I guess, was up 5% in the quarter and will be up 4% for the year. For whatever reason, I thought it’d be more lopsided; meaning, a lot higher earlier in the year and potentially a lot lower in the back half. Perhaps just a little more color on that, give me a sense of why that is?
David Mackay: I think we’d expect the first half to be a little bit worse than the second, but as we look at it, it’s not going to be dramatic as you’d expect but a little bit as you’re indicating. John, anything?
John Bryant: A couple things in there. One is that our hedge. Hedges go on and off year on year, and the second is remember that our inflation is not just commodities, but also as general factory inflation is – well, some of those are much more smoothly allocated across the year.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: Thanks very much.
Joel Wittenberg: Great. Thank you, everybody, for tuning in today. We’ll be here if you have any questions. Thanks again. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-05 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Joel Wittenberg – Vice President, Investor Relations David Mackay – President and Chief Executive Officer John Bryant – Chief Operating Officer and Financial Officer Gary Pilnick – General Council 
Analysts: Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott Andrew Vincent – Morgan Stanley Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs Robert Moscow – Credit Suisse Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein Terry Bivens – JP Morgan David Driscoll – Citigroup Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus Phil Turfly – Longbow Research 
Operator:  Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company fourth quarter and full year 2008 earnings call. All lines have been placed on a mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. At this time, I will turn over the call over Joel Wittenberg, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wittenberg, you may begin your conference.
Joel Wittenberg:  Thank you, Latonya and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for a review of our fourth quarter and full year results and for some discussion regarding our strategy and outlook. With me here in Battle Creek are David MacKay, President and CEO; John Bryant, Chief Operating and Financial Officer, and Gary Pilnick, General Counsel. We must point out that certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company’s future performance including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, impact of the recall and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today’s conference call will be available by phone through Monday evening by dialing 800-964-4463 for both U.S. and international locations. The passcode is #5355644. The call will be also available via webcast which will be archived for 90 days. Now, let me turn it over to David.
David MacKay:  Thanks, Joel and good morning everyone. We’re pleased to report another year of sustainable and dependable performance at Kellogg Company despite what has become and continues to be a very difficult environment. Some of our 2008 highlights include broad based sales growth around the world.  Reported sales grew 9% and internal sales grew a strong 5% in line with this year’s guidance and ahead of long-term target of low single digits. Reported operating profit rose by 5% and internal operating profit rose 4% in line with our long term target. EPS grew at 8% to $2.99 per share and this includes the estimated impact of the recent recall related to Peanut Corporation of America which reduced EPS by about $0.06 a share. We added to our platform for future growth through several bulks on acquisitions in Russia, China, the U.S. and Australia. In addition, we invested more than $1 billion in advertising and another $0.14 in upfront cost saving initiatives. We generated $1.1 billion of cash flow before a net after tax $300 million year-end contribution to our retirement plans. This exceeded our guidance of $1 billion to $1,075,000,000 billion. Despite record cost pressures, cash returned to shareholders was once again topped $1.1 billion through another $650 million of share repurchases and about $500 million of dividends.  In 2008, we remained true to our business model and strategy while managing through fast moving commodity price increases. To achieve our goals and provide future visibility, we drove strong price realization, significant cost savings, and positive advertising efficiency during the year.  With our continued momentum and heightened focus on cost saving initiatives, we move into 2009 confident in our ability to once again achieve our goal of sustainable and dependable growth. We also recognized the challenges and uncertainties created by the current economic environment and the strain that places on consumers everywhere. These impacts are reflected in our latest guidance.  Also, this morning we announced the 650 million share repurchase authorization for 2009. The prior 500 million authorization was cancelled due to the $300 million net of tax retirement plan contribution and $150 million reduction in commercial paper in Q4. These actions improved the company’s financial flexibility in this difficult economy. Before I turn it over to John, I’d like to say a few words on the recent recalls of some peanut based products. Our top priority is consumer safety. When we became aware that one of our suppliers, Peanut Corporation of America, had breached our food quality and safety standards, we quickly issued a precautionary hold announcement which was then followed by a voluntary recall. While we’re obviously very unhappy with the situation caused by our supplier and its negative impact on our consumers and customers, we believe that our proactive actions were in the best interest of consumer safety. We’re managing and continue to monitoring the situation which is unfortunately impacting much of the food industry. Now, I’d like to turn it over to John to review the financials.
John A. Bryant:  Thanks, David, and good morning everyone. Slide 4 highlights our financial performance for the full year ending January 3, 2009. We exceeded our long-term internal sales target of low single digit growth. We met our long-term operating profit target of mid-single digit growth and our EPS target of high single digit growth. Recorded sales increased by 9% to 2008 surpassing last year’s strong 8% growth. Internal sales growth which excludes the effect of foreign exchange, our recent acquisition, and the 53rd week was 5% building on last year’s 5% growth. Reported operating profit rose by 5% lacking 6% growth. Internal operating profit rose 4% driven by our sales performance and proactivity initiatives despite the highest cost inflation experienced in our history and the impact of the recall. Full year earnings per share rose 8% to $2.99 which is well above the guidance that we gave at the beginning of 2008. These strong results were driven by our operating performance and fewer shares outstanding partially offset by our higher tax rate. The 53rd week profits of $0.05 were reinvested back into our recent acquisitions. Our $2.99 EPS result included $0.14 of our product costs. It is important to note that our 2008 results also include the impact of a subsequent event. In January 2009, we became aware that the Peanut Corporation of America had supplied us with tainted product. We initiated a recall which we expect to impact the company around $0.12 per share. Of this $0.12, an estimated impact of $0.06 was booked in our 2008 results and $0.06 was expected to be incurred largely in the first quarter of 2009.  Let’s turn to slide 5 to discuss our fourth quarter and full year net sales growth components in more details. For the full year, we achieved solid 5.4% internal sales growth. Tonnage contributed about 1% of sales growth while our price and mix initiatives continue to flow through with solid 4.5% growth. As you know, we took broad based pricing during 2008. The past year offset rising inflation pressures. For the full year, the price component contributed approximately 3% of net sales which is ahead of 2007. While we are still achieving solid mix improvement, the current economic environment has slowed the rate of this improvement. Foreign exchange had no impact on sales for the full year but reduced fourth quarter sales by 7.3%.  During 2008, our acquisitions added almost 2% to sales growth and the 53rd week added 1.7% through quarter sales. Q4 reported sales rose by 5% versus last year’s strong 8% growth and internal sales grew 3% versus last year’s 5% growth.  Let’s turn to slide 6 to discuss our gross profit performance. Our gross profit for the year was a record $5.4 billion. As expected, gross profit margin declined from 2007 by about 200 basis points to 41.9% with about half of the decline driven by our recent acquisitions, the impact of the recall, and higher upfront investments in cost of goods. While the remaining decline was driven by commodity inflation, partially offset by pricing, and cost savings initiatives. For 2009, we anticipate gross margin to be approximately unchanged from 2008 despite another 5% increase in cost pressure.  Now let’s turn to slide 7 to discuss operating profit growth. Full year internal operating profit rose 4% driven by solid internal sales growth, cost savings, and lower upfront sets. Offset by 10% cost of goods cost pressure and the fourth quarter recall. Fourth quarter operating profit declined 2%. However, the recall had a 10% adverse impact on operating profits in the quarter. Our North American business reported full year internal operating profit growth of 6% due to stronger sales and more upfront costs. In the fourth quarter, North America internal operating profit declined by 8% while the recall had a 12% adverse impact on operating profit. European internal operating profit was essentially flat for the full year versus last year’s tough 14% comparable. The results were significantly impacted by higher commodities inflation as well as higher upfront costs that reduced operating profit growth by about 2%. In Latin America, internal operating profit declined 2% versus 2007. However, 2008’s higher upfront costs had an 8% adverse impact on operating profit. In Asia Pacific, internal operating profit increased by 11% driven by a high single digit sales growth and a very strong performance in Australia.  Below the operating profit line, we benefited from fewer shares outstanding and our tax rate rose to about 30%. In addition, full year interest expense declined to $308 million.  Let’s turn to slide 8 to review our advertising. Our commitment to investing in advertising is a pillar in our business model and essential to achieving our goals. During the fourth quarter, reported advertising spending declined versus last year’s unusually strong 26% increase. In addition, to the top comparable, the decline was driven by our efficiency programs.  For the full year 2008, advertising spending rose slightly versus last year’s 16% growth. We began to see the benefits of our efficiency initiatives during the second half of 2008. As you know, we are driving these initiatives across brand building to further improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our more than $1 billion investment. For 2009, we will continue to drive efficiency initiatives and are also benefiting from modest media deflation. We plan to increase our advertising investment in line with sales growth. If media deflation increases we may see less growth in advertising spending despite more impressions. We believe that the combination of improved efficiency and media deflation will drive even more impressions. We will provide additional details on these initiatives at the Cagney. Let’s go to slide 9 to discuss cash flow. For the full year cash flow before the impact of our net $300 million discretionary year end retirement plan contribution was $1,106,000,000 which was above our prior guidance. As you may recall, we generally make contributions to maximize our financial flexibility which is particularly important in this challenging economic environment. Cash flow benefited from another strong improvement in our core working capital as our cash conversion cycle declined to a new record low of 21.6 days and improvement of about 2.5 days versus last year. Capital expenditures declined to 3.6% of sales. For 2009, we expect capital expenditures of 3 and 4% of sales driven by our Klean manufacturing efficiency initiative.  As a reminder, Klean stands for lean efficient agile network. This program will ensure we are optimizing our manufacturing network, reducing waste, and developing best practices across our global facilities. Also, during the quarter we reduced our commercial paper balance by $160 million. We continue to maintain good access to the financial markets. For 2009 we anticipate another strong year of cash flow. Our forecast of cash flow is between $1,050,000,000 and $1,150,000,000 which includes the impact of about $100 million adverse foreign exchange headwind.  Let’s turn to slide 10 to review our cash return to shareholders. During 2008, we returned cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We repurchased $650 million of shares and raised the dividend 10% during the third quarter. For 2009, we will continue returning cash to shareholders. As David mentioned, we announced a new $650 million share repurchase authorization for the year and cancelled our previous $500 million authorization. In addition, we target a 40 to 50% dividend payout ratio and expect to grow our dividend in line with earnings. Let’s turn to page 11 for a summary of 2008. We are very pleased with our 2008 performance in a difficult trading environment. Around the world, broad based sales growth was ahead of our long-term targets and despite record cost pressure, 2008 operating profit met our expectations. In addition, earnings per share were at the higher end of our increased expectations.  As we discussed previously, the 53rd week added about $0.05 to earnings per share which was reinvested into our recent acquisitions. To drive future visibility we invested back into the business with several costs on acquisitions, $0.14 in upfront costs and more than a $1 billion in advertising. Now, I’ll turn it over to David on slide 12.
David MacKay:  Thanks, John. In 2008, sales from products launched in the last three years were roughly $2 billion or 15% percent of sales. As you can see, we are more exciting innovations planned for 2009. In U.S. retail cereal, we’re launching Special K blueberry muffin and Frosted Mini Wheats little bites.  Outside the U.S., new cereal innovation includes Nature’s Pleasure in the UK, Special K chocolate in Australia, and Extra in Germany. As is the case with innovations, despite many successes, we’ve had a few missteps as well. Go Packs and straws both targeted at out of the bowl consumption have not met our expectations.  In snacks, we’ll continue to drive our successful portion control packs with Koshi seven grain TLC cracker packs and right bite’s cookies n’ cream 100 calorie packs. Other snacks innovation includes Cheez-It Scrabble Junior and Chips Deluxe Oatmeal Chocolate Chips and wholesome snacks, our new Fiber Plus bars are off to a solid start backed by a new advertising program. In addition, we continue to innovate around our successful Koshi brand. We have strong based sales (inaudible) in our frozen business which will continue with innovation likes Eggo bake shops twists and new varieties from Koshi frozen meals and pizzas.  If we can turn to slide 13 for the business review. You can see our North American business internal sales growth was a very strong 6% versus last year’s 5% comparable. If we’d turn to slide 14 to discuss each business unit in more detail. Ready to eat cereal continues to be a great category responding to brand building and growing in the current difficult economy. Kellogg continued to perform well in a competitive cereal market during 2008 and we feel good about our current position with trade inventories declining versus Q3. We estimate fully a category growth across all channels was about 5 to 6%.  As anticipated our fourth quarter internal sales declined 3% as we left year’s tough 8% comparable. However, our estimate of consumption across all channels was actually solid rising 2%. As many of you have seen, we had a relatively soft IOI market share performance in U.S. cereal in the fourth quarter. Across all channels, we estimate our market share declined by approximately 100 basis points. We continue to see aggressive price based activities from our largest competitor and as we go into 2009, we expect a tough comp Q1 but remain committed to our long-term strategy to win in U.S. cereal. For the full year solid execution and price realization drove a 3% internal sales increase versus last year’s 3% growth. While we’re happy with our performance, we’re disappointed that we lost in share on a full year basis. That reflects the strength of the category, aggressive trade activity and our efforts to clean up some of our (inaudible) products. Our Canadian business grew mid single digits for the full year despite aggressive competitive pricing. So on Canada, had a strong Q4 performance and our IRI market share rose to more than 45% in the fast growing cereal category. Recent innovations including Special K cinnamon pecan and Rice Krispies cocoa was strong.  If we’d turned to slide 15 to discuss the North American snacks performance. As you can our snacks business posted another strong year with 6% internal sales growth. Our performance was driven by successful innovation and price realization.  Portion control cookie and cracker packs performed ahead of expectations. We continue to look at other opportunities to optimize and lever our DSD system, captures our recent purchase of the Mother’s trademarks and recipes on the West coast. In addition, we recently announced price increases across the rest of the snacks portfolio. Let’s turn to slide 16 to look at more detail about snacks business performance. Our Pop-Tarts business posted a solid year with low single digit sales growth driven by higher core sales and price realization. This year’s double digit cracker sales growth resulted in strong IRI market share gain. Cheez-It and Town House grew at double digits for the year including great performance from Cheez-It Duos as well as Town House flipsides, our most successful cracker innovation in years. Lite Bites and Fudge Shoppe were strong contributors to our cookies sales growth and helped gain shares for the year. Wholesome snack sales grew mid single digits for the year driven by Koshi and partially offset by several SKU reductions. Special K bliss innovation and Rice Krispies treats performance was strong.  Let’s turn to slide 17 to discuss our frozen and specialty channels performance. Frozen and specialty channels had a great year with sales rising 9% versus 6% last year. Fourth quarter sales grew a solid 6% despite the impact developed by the retail inventories at the end of Q3 due to our frozen food price increase.  For the year we achieved double digit frozen food sales growth through price realization, innovation, and strong advertising. Full year Eggo sales grew at double digits driven by price realization and base sales growth. Innovations like Bake Shop swirls and Bake Shop mini muffin puffs are performing well above expectations. These successes resulted in more than 1 point of IRI market share gain in the frozen breakfast category for  the year. MorningStar Farms veggie foods also grew double digits for the year.  Koshi frozen meals continued to deliver double digit growth through 2008 driven by increased distribution and new varieties of frozen entrees and pizzas. Also, we’re very pleased with our food service business which achieved mid single digit sales growth for the year. Our strong brands and innovation continue to drive this successful in a difficult environment. You can see on slide 18 that our international internal sales grew 5% for the full year. In Europe, we posted 4% internal sales growth for the year and solid ready to eat cereal growth was driven by a mid single digit increase in our core UK market. Our European snacks business delivered double digit sales growth driven by strength in the UK and continental Europe. Fourth quarter sales rose 2% with contributions from the UK, Germany, and Switzerland while sales rose slightly in France. We saw declines in Spain and Italy due to the weak economy and we saw a reduced trade inventories across all three markets. For 2009, we anticipate low single digit sales growth in Europe for the flat first quarter as we expect a continued decline in retailer inventories. For our operating profit, we expect a more difficult first half comparison due to the decline in trade inventories, the saving of commodity inflation, and timing of cost savings. In Latin America, internal sales rose 6% during Q4 driven by both cereal and snacks growth in Mexico as well as strong performances in Venezuela and Brazil. For the full year, internal sales grew 4% versus last year’s strong 9% growth. As we discussed last quarter, we anticipate 2009 internal sales growth at closer to mid single digits. In (inaudible) are expected to be flat as we face tough comps, continued retailer inventory reduction, and a tough economic environment across the region. In Asia Pacific, full year internal sales grew 8% driven by solid performance in both cereal and snacks. Now, I’ll turn it back over to John to discuss our financial outlook and cost pressures on slide 19.
John A. Bryant:  Thanks, David. Two thousand and nine cost pressure is currently forecasted approximately 4 to 5% of cost of goods. As we discussed last quarter, the cost pressure increases are primarily given by rice, packaging, and general factory inflation with the commodity portions due to Europe and Latin America. The commodity inflation will be weighted towards the first half with about 60% of the full year’s cost pressures occurring in the first half of the year. As you know, we have demonstrated an ability to manage through growth inflation and volatility. During the fourth quarter of 2008, we announced or executed broad based pricing actions to partially offset these headwinds. In addition, significant productivity initiatives in 2009 are expected to drive savings closer to 4% for the year versus our historical 3% savings. Let’s turn to slide 20 to discuss foreign exchange. Over the past several years, we’ve achieved high single digits, constant currency, EPS growth with currency at a roughly 1 percentage point. However, as we discussed last quarter the U.S. dollar has reversed and has depreciated at an unprecedented rate.  Slide 20 shows our key currencies with 2008 actual rates and recent spot rates. The shooting current spot exchange rates, the full year impact on EPS on translational foreign exchange will be approximately 9%. As we discussed on the third quarter call, our 2009 guidance of high single-digit EPS on a local currency basis excludes this adverse foreign exchange impact. We will continue to update you on the impact of foreign exchange on a quarterly basis.  Turn to slide 21 to discuss the full outlook. For 2009, we remain confident in our ability to deliver another year of sustainable and dependable growth. We now forecast 3 to 4% internal net sales growth. This reduction from our prior guidance of mid-single-digit growth reflects a more conservative view in 2009 given the tough economic environment. We continue to be confident in our ability to deliver mid-single-digit internal operating profit growth driven by our price realization and cost savings initiative partially offset by 4 to 5% cost inflation. Gross profit margin is expected to remain unchanged as our cost savings initiatives and price realizations offset inflation. Upfront investments are projected to be consistent with 2008 of $0.14 per share with over half of that allocated to the K LEAN manufacturing initiative .  We also want to provide you with some shape for next year. We anticipate a difficult first half followed by an easier back half driven by the timing of (inaudible) inflation, pricing, the impacts of the recall, and cost-savings programs.  Below the operating profit line, interest expense is expected to decline between $280 to 285 million driven by lower short-term interest rates while the full-year tax rate is forecasted between 30 and 31%.  Shares outstanding are expected to decline in the back half of the year as we execute the $650 million share repurchase announced this morning.  To summarize, we will maintain the focus on our proven business model and strategy to deliver another year of growth with an earnings per share still projected to grow at high single-digits on a currency neutral basis.  Now I’d like to turn it back to David on slide 22. 
David Mackay: Thanks John. We entered 2009 with continued confidence that our business model and strategy will deliver another year of growth. At the same time, we are realistic given the headwinds of a volatile economy, consumers that are under significant stress, and continued cost inflation. The current conditions are truly unique, but we’ll drive the business to overcome these challenges. We’ll continue to invest in exciting innovation, strong advertising, and upfront cost initiatives, as well as aggressive cost-savings programs across the business.  The K LEAN project currently underway in our manufacturing area gives us increased confidence that we’ll achieve our cost-savings and productivity goals. We’re reviewing all aspects of our business to simplify and standardize our processes for higher efficiency while maintaining our drive for executional excellence.  In summary, we’re well positioned to continue delivering long-term sustainable and dependable growth. Our business model and strategy are more relevant than ever and we remain committed to our operating principles and manageable cash and sustainable growth.  Finally I’d like to thank our Kellogg employees around the world for their continued great work in 2008 and commitment to our 2009 goals. And now let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed with your question. 
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Good morning. Thank you guys.
David Mackay: Hi Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: David, you mentioned specifically price-driven competition in cereal your biggest business. And I guess I’m wondering does the response to that ultimately have to be price-driven? And as part of that, when you talk about a low single-digit, I guess a 3 to 4% internal net sales growth for 2009, I’m assuming you grow volume in U.S. cereal as part of that assumption. 
David Mackay: Well I think our key focus is driving our brand, engaging with consumers through advertising and innovation, but we’re also pragmatic about the current environment and we’ll tailor our activities to respond to our consumers’ needs and the current sensitivities in the market. So we think we’ve got ourselves well positioned as we look at that for 2009. I did mention that second-half comps in U.S. cereal through the first quarter until we see that competitive activity being lapped. But we’re very focused on driving the business the right way, but we’re also cognizant of the pressures the consumers are under and we’ll work to respond to those in any way we can. 
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: And are you comfortable saying whether you think cereal as a whole will grow this year?
David Mackay: Cereal as a category, yes, I think definitely the category showed great robust growth in ’08. We’d expect that to continue through ’09 and would expect to grow in that environment also. 
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, thank you very much.
David Mackay: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Vincent with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Vincent – Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good morning. I’m just wondering if you could help me tie the guidance together a little better relative to what you said at the 3Q call. You’re taking down the top-line by mid-single-digits to 3 to 4%, but you’ve left your operating profit forecast at mid-single-digits. But now there’s the $0.06 from the peanut butter. And then also am I correct that previously you thought (inaudible) and now you’re saying 4 to 5%. Is that right?
David Mackay: Yes, that’s right. Everything you said there is correct. Remember we had $0.06 from the peanut butter related recall in both 2008 and 2009. 
Andrew Vincent – Morgan Stanley: So what is going to change then that’s going to allow you to lower top-lines until we get the same level of operating profit even though you’ve got an incremental $0.06 of expense for peanut butter?
David Mackay: Well, I think the reduction in the sales growth that we’ve seen that would lead us to 3 to 4% is not that substantial of a reduction. It’s a fine-tuning of the guidance. We continue to have very good confidence in our cost-savings programs. We’ve also seen, as you saw from the inflation numbers, some moderating of inflation coming down from 5% to 4 to 5%. I think the guidance is not dramatically different from what we said on the third quarter call.
Andrew Vincent – Morgan Stanley: And that’s all enough to cover the incremental $0.06 of the peanut butter?
David Mackay: Again, because the $0.06 in both years, if you look at it from a year-on-year perspective, and since the guidance is in percentage changes, it doesn’t really impact our outlook in 2009. 
Andrew Vincent – Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then the other question I have is just on the activity in U.S. cereal, you highlighted one piece of it which is brand competitive activity, but what are you seeing from private label, which according to the IRI data is gained about a point of share in the latest four weeks. 
David Mackay: I think if you look at product label in the U.S., it’s growing. We saw that in the back-half of 2008. We’ll expect they’ll continue to grow. We’re also seeing retailers respond to the current economic environment and push the private label pretty hard. But remember when you’ve got a category growing as strongly as we’re seeing cereal grow, with private label around about 10% of the category, all players within the category are still doing pretty well even within the context with private label growing a little faster than we’ve seen. So our expectations and the way we’ve looked at ’09 is that private label will likely continue at a slightly higher rate. But the category growth and the dynamics for the category remain very positive. 
Andrew Vincent – Morgan Stanley: Okay, and one last thing, you didn’t mention anything about a step-up in pension expense. Are we to assume that there’s nothing going on there? 
David Mackay: Pension expense is largely flat year-on-year. It’s up about one penny of EPS. We made the discretionary pension contribution at the end of 2008 that largely offset any increase in outlying expense either from poor asset returns in 2008 or changes in discount rates. 
Andrew Vincent – Morgan Stanley: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
David Mackay: Good morning Judy. 
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: David, I’m wondering if you can just give us a little bit more perspective on this advertising efficiencies as well as the media deflation issues that you’ve talked about. Clearly media costs are down pretty substantially so you’re getting more bang for your buck. And then at the same time you have these efficiencies that are helping you overall spending. But I’m just hoping that you can give us a little bit more color in some of these activities and how we feel comfortable that in light of some of the share performance weakness that you can continue to get these efficiencies and not see better volume performance. 
David Mackay: Judy, that’s a great question. We’re going to go through and detail Cagney the efficiencies, particularly focusing on 2009 where we expect that while we’ve had some benefits in ’08, ramp up in 2009 and I wouldn’t draw any conclusion about our fair share loss relative to our involvement and commitment on advertising because really as we looked at cereal in the U.S. and our support, we are in the brands that remain very strong. There were some efficiencies we saw, parts of the globe. We did see a modest decrease in our snacks advertising, so if anything, snacks was the one area that came down a little bit. So I wouldn’t be reading too much into that.  You’ve got to remember when you look at it, advertising trucks is foundational to our model. We saw spending at (inaudible) which is double our peer group average at over 8%. And really the areas we’re focusing on were the things like commercial production will take you through that Cagney of media efficiencies and media mix. And we did see the start of some modest deflation at the back part of 2008, which we expect to increase into 2009.  And when you look at 2008, particularly Q4, you’ve got to remember that our comps in Q4 last year were up 26%. So while we were down Q4 this year, if you added the two together, the down Q4 this year and the 26, we’d still be up nearly double digits for both years. So I wouldn’t be reading too much into it and we will give you a bit more flavor on the productivity and efficiency initiatives at Cagney Judy. 
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then just a little bit more color in terms of some of the trends that you’re seeing in Europe in that both from a retail perspective and then from a competitive perspective. 
David Mackay: Well, Europe remains a very challenged economy as we’ve seen in most markets around the world. We did see a fair amount of inventory reduction in the back part of the year, second-half of ’08, particularly across France, Spain, and Italy, a little less so in the UK. We think that will continue as some of the retailers in continental Europe try to manage their cash flows and pull down inventory. But our performance has been pretty positive.  The cereal category in a market like the UK is still growing strongly, doing pretty well in a number of the markets across Europe. But still, I think all in all, our view is hopefully conservative that low single-digits is a reflection of the stress that’s going on there across the consumer base and some of the challenges that we’re seeing on inventory reduction. 
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: And then John, I think in the first half, you’ve alluded to some increased competition in Mexico.
John A. Bryant: For next year?
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: No, in the first half of ’08, I’m wondering if the competitive activity has gotten better.
John A. Bryant: Well, it bounces around a bit. I think we saw probably pretty aggressive competitive activity in Q3. That abated in Q4. We had pretty strong programs and you saw our performance come back. But again in Latin America, I think hopefully we’re taking a pragmatic view.  Again the economy is slowing a little bit there, particularly driven by the fact that oil’s coming down and a lot of them are dependent on oil. But still, we think Latin America will grow mid-single-digits. We did pull out of Q1 to a lesser extent the first half being slightly tough for comps. Again, we are seeing retailers reduce inventories a little bit. It’s a lot harder to measure there, but nothing too unusual Judy. 
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moscow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question. 
Robert Moscow – Credit Suisse: Thank you. I noticed you didn’t mention any inventory reduction in the U.S. at the end of the year. I wanted to know if you’re seeing stable inventory in breakfast cereal. And also, can I ask, I’m getting a $75 million pre-tax charge for peanut butter. How do you need to spend that money? What are the elements of the recall that that money is going to go to? And then lastly maybe you could tell us a little bit about this box size test production that you’re doing in the Michigan area. How big of a change are we talking about in terms of box size?
David Mackay: Well, the first one, inventories in the U.S., really the only things we saw that were noticeable is we did end Q3 with frozen foods higher because we had a price increase at the end of Q3. So we saw those come down in Q4, which is a natural event. On cereal we saw our inventories come down Q3 to Q4, which we believe is a very positive thing working with our retail partners. We have a big chunk of our customers (inaudible). So we work with them to manage those inventories tightly, but we didn’t really see it apart from those two smallish areas.  On peanut butter, the cost of the recall in 2008 was about $34 million. And if you look at that, about half of that cost was due to inventory, about a third was because of styles reversal that we had to take. And about a sixth was the cost to actually retrieve all of the products given the complexity of the channels that some of those products were through. If you come to 2009, really you’ve got about a third of the cost is reversal of styles and then the cost to retrieve. And then we have two-thirds of the 2009 is an estimated business disruption. So that one is very tough. We believe we’ve made an appropriate estimate.  We don’t think it will be higher than the $0.06 or the two-thirds disruption is about $0.04. But it’s very complex. We moved with speed. We used third parties. We did everything we could to ensure that as soon as we know we had a problem we took every step to protect our consumer base and to work with our consumers to proactively remove all of the product as quickly as possible. And while it says a lot, we think the investment was absolutely important and critical. 
Robert Moscow – Credit Suisse: And then the box size test.
David Mackay: The box size test, Rob, started on the 26th of January in Detroit, so we’re not even two weeks in, so it’s a little premature. Our intent there is hopefully within three months or so, by the time we get to first quarter we may have some preliminary data. I doubt it’s going to be that conclusive.  But the intent with that is purely to try and help consumers and in so doing, help ourselves and the environment by bringing down the amount of packaging we use, which will enable us to use more optimization in the way we cube out trucks to bring down the number of trucks on the road. So a big initiative if it works. We just have to see how consumers respond, so not much to report at this point. 
Robert Moscow – Credit Suisse: Okay, would it be accretive to price per pound with this box size change?
David Mackay: No, it would make no difference. It would be critical for us to ensure that the amounts in each box, whether it was a tall box or a somewhat squattier box was exactly the same, so consumers did not think there was any change in the value proposition. 
Robert Moscow – Credit Suisse: Thank you.
David Mackay: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: Good morning.
David Mackay: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: So David, in listening to your comments around the fourth quarter and market share performance in cereal in such in a somewhat competitive environment and what not, that I understand. But in looking at perhaps some of the trends around cereal for long phase line sales growth.  That’s something that you’ve talked about in the past I guess perhaps normalizing a little bit for that promotional environment and looking at the core health of the full price sales if you will. That hasn’t looked as great for Kellogg over the last couple of quarters.  I’m trying to get a sense of is that more troubling to you? And if it is, is that something we can expect to start seeing turning up in the right direction and if so what’s driving it because even in this morning’s data from the most recent months, it’s only a month, but it’s kind of continued that trend?
David Mackay: Yes, I think Andrew, clearly we like to see base data and there’s a couple of things going on there. And we’ll show you a couple of charts at Cagney. But if you look at what we call our core business, our top eight SKUs or brands, which is roughly 80% of our business, those top eight and that 80% core gained share for 2008 even in IRI, which as we know is a little distorted. The issue for us is really in the pile, which is normally the case. I’d have to say as we look back at some of the innovations we’ve done in the last 12 to 18 months, we are reviewing those and believe we need to modify them.  And then the other final thing that is impacting base not only for us but for most branded players is private label growth because when you look at the base cereal, the only one really growing is private label in base. Almost all of the branded competitors are actually down on an IRI basis.  Something we’re watching, we feel very positive about our core business, where over 80% of our sales are at and is something that we’re going to need to address and fix.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: Thanks, and then lastly, on the more recent price increases that you’ve taken heading into 2009, that perhaps surprised some just given that it bucks the trend a little bit of what we’ve seen from some of the broader package food players given the cost environment of late. Can you give a sense of how that’s worked its way through? Do you find that those are sticking and that they have gone through as you would have hoped they would?
David Mackay: Well, clearly we had some very tough discussions with our retail partners because when you look just on the base of it and just take some of the spots and some of the reductions we clearly had to explain to them why our inflation was still low running.  At that point, it was 5%. It has come down largely to four to five, mainly driven by what’s happened in oil and the price of diesel. But I think you’ll find that it’s a much more complex equation than just looking at the spot price of corn and wheat. And for us, some of the key drivers have been rice packaging and the costs in the plant.  But having said all that, as we looked at the hedges we’ve got and the physical contracts, we feel positive on a mark-to-market basis so it’s not like we’ve gone out with the things that have really disadvantaged us. And we’ve explained that to our retail partners and I don’t think anyone likes having to take part in this environment, but we just thought it was necessary to protect the fundamentals of the business and while it was reluctantly accepted, all of those have gone through. 
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: Great and lastly, how long at this (inaudible) for ’09?
David Mackay: At the moment, we’re about 70% hedged for ’09.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: Great. Thanks very much.
David Mackay: Thanks Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Hello there. 
David Mackay: Hello Alexia
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: So a question on the futures of cash from this point forward, it seems to me that you have used this long in the private equity market to pick up a few of the decent brands both domestically and internationally. With the increase in the share buybacks announced this morning, how are you thinking about that going forward? Are you expecting to continue to do a similar amount of small sale acquisitions and if so, where are they likely to be targeted?
David Mackay: Alexia, we always remain open to bolt on acquisitions that fit in with our core categories of cereal and snacks. And who knows what will happen. Certainly it’s a very difficult time for many out there, so it may create some opportunities for us. But we, like most companies, are being relatively prudent. We took the opportunity to fund up our pension at the end of the year.  We think that’s important for us and for our employees. And while we’ve announced a incremental new $650 million share buyback, more likely than not, that will be skewed to the second half of the year. So we can watch the markets and ensure that we feel very comfortable about what’s going on in the financial markets so that we stay very, very solid as we are. 
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thank you very much. 
David Mackay: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Bivens with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Good morning everyone. David Mackay Morning Terry.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Dave, a little bit further on cereal, obviously Nelson (ph) but what we can see so far in January shows that Mills rate price increases move roughly equal to your own, but you guys do show a down market share in the category. They do show it up a little bit. Did they follow your price increase as of mid-January?
David Mackay: I have no clue, but we mentioned in the call that when you look at Q1, we had tough comps and you look at some of the competitors’ activity, they don’t lap that until April 1st of this year. 
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Right. 
David Mackay: So our expectation is that in cereal, the first quarter will be tough, but we remain committed to our business and growing it as we go forward. 
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Do you think that it’s possible you may do more promotional activity in U.S. cereal over the course of Q1?
David Mackay: I think what I’ve already said in one of the responses is given we’re in a recessionary environment that we certainly will maintain our focus on advertising and innovation, but we’re also going to tailor our activities to respond to consumer need and the current sensitivities in the marketplace. 
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Okay, and maybe this one’s for John. Just in terms of the currency, John, we look at it I guess going forward as you do on the spot rates, to what extent do you think hedging could mitigate that 9% you showed us?
John Bryant: I think, Terry, we haven’t got any translational hedges in place for 2009. If we did try to put some translational hedges in place, I suspect we’d be going at forward rates, which are probably even worse than the current spot rates, so there’s not much we can do unless those spot rates move from where they are today to reduce that 9% impact.  In the past we’ve done some translational hedging because it’s given guidance in reported EPS terms. Because we’re now giving guidance in local currency terms, it’s not our plan to do translational hedging. So you should expect the foreign exchange impact to improve through our P&L as it changes in the marketplace. 
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Okay and there shouldn’t be any transactional mitigation?
John Bryant: We do have some transactional hedges, but most of our manufacturing is local and it’s plants in Europe and plants across Latin America but clearly euro, U.S. dollar, peso, Canadian dollar, we have transactional hedges of varying levels across those currencies already. 
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much. 
John Bryant: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll – Citigroup: Thank you. Good morning everyone. 
David Mackay: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll – Citigroup: David, can you go back over your guidance for 2009 for all of international? What the underlying question is here is the constant currency gross of 9% offset by foreign currency headwinds of 9% with zero GAAP growth (inaudible) in ’09, but that is predicated on the international assumption.  And I suppose that I’m just a little worried about what’s happening internationally. General Mills, I believe, made a comment two weeks ago that the international cereal markets were weakening. So go back over your international guidance and then maybe just give a little color on your thought process on the strength of those markets and what could happen in ’09. 
David Mackay: Sure, we said that for Europe, low single-digits, mid-south and for Latin America, mid-single digits. I think when you look at market-to-market, we didn’t give any guidance for Asia, but the Australian category, the UK cereal category, the Canadian cereal category, are all still growing very strongly and as are some markets in Latin America.  So while they may have slowed a little bit, they’re still pretty positive. The capital may have weakened, but in general terms, our biggest markets are looking fairly positive from a cereal category perspective and we continue to expect to do pretty well in the context of those markets. So I don’t know whether that helps you, but is that what you were after?
David Driscoll – Citigroup: It is. The only question I would have is do you guys have any thought process as to why these economic environments in those international markets perhaps is negatively impacting the cereal category. And is this something that is hard to forecast and that would be the big risk in ’09?
David Mackay: I think the less developed markets because the cereal habits by default in the less developed markets is less entrenched. They make up a smaller proportion of our international business. The developed markets with very strong and entrenched cereal habits make up the majority. So you’ll see more volatility no doubt in those less developed markets, but we think we’ve got that factored into our current expectations for 2009.
David Driscoll – Citigroup: And just one final question, John, the reduction in the revenue guidance. You called it like just a tweaking of it, but if I may, was that tweaking of it a reduction in the expectation for volume growth? So component-wise you now saw these price increases earlier in January. I imagine that didn’t change, but what then theoretically would have changed? (Inaudible) am I reading that right?
John Bryant: Well, I think in addition to volume, there’s also some slowing down of mix as we’ve gone through 2008. So as you go into a recession, you should probably expect less mixed-growth than we had historically so there’s a number of factors that can slightly slow that sales growth. 
David Driscoll – Citigroup: Great. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question. 
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning everybody. I guess a few follow-ups, first on Dave’s question about the volume hit or adjustment to ’09, do you have any sense as to how much of the inventory de-loading that you’re seeing from the retailers? How much do you think that primps your ’09 volume growth. 
David Mackay: It’s very hard to put a real measure on that. I know when you look at volume in the fourth quarter, we probably saw an inventory reduction most pronounced in Europe. That’s where our volume was weakest. So there is a correlation there. As we look at 2009, we’re probably expecting volume to be flat to slightly down. I would hope to do better, but we think that’s a pragmatic approach to 2009. And I think retailers pulling back their inventories will have an impact on that. But once it’s done, it’s done. It’s normally a very positive thing, you just feel a little pain for a quarter or two and in this environment it’s just more likely than not we’re going to see that certainly in Europe and parts of Latin America, slightly less so, in our view, in North America. 
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then on the peanut butter recall, it’s unclear to me that it’s in the fourth quarter given that it seems like everything’s happened in the first. Is that because the shipments were recorded in the fourth quarter?
David Mackay: Yes, it’s a subsequent event. So we actually had closed our books internally before the recall even occurred. Then the recall occurred and we had to reopen our 2008 books and reverse some of the sales because we’re now picking up those products from customers, write off inventory that was on our balance sheet at the end of the year, and also accrue for the cost of retrieval.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then last question. Based on the slide, I think it shows that your cumulative cost inflation for the last four years through 2008 was about 26%, and I’m wondering how much pricing you’ve taken cumulatively relative to that that would give some comfort to the idea that you haven’t priced above inflation and to the extent that input costs come down in the second half of ’09 that the retailers aren’t going to be overly aggressive knowing that you haven’t fully priced to inflation.
David Mackay: Yes, I think Eric, as we look at it and we talk to retailers about this, if you look at the inflation in our pricing, I haven’t got the absolute number in my head, but maybe it’s 8 to 10% and we can concern that. That’s with a 20% plus increase in costs, so clearly we’ve had a significant offset from productivity. And that would be our intent going forward that we’re going to drive productivity and cost-savings to makes sure that while we’re priced, we remain competitive in the marketplace. 
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. See you at Cagney.
David Mackay: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to follow up on that point you just made to Erik’s question. You’ve taken pricing in 2009 and you’ve also got a more aggressive promotional environment, so sounds like it’s going to be more competitive, if you will. Is there an intention therefore that promotional expenses should be up in ’09?
David Mackay: Well, I think what we feel on that is that we are going to maintain our focus on advertising and innovation but engage with our consumers and tailor our activities to respond to their current needs in a recessionary environment are clearly looking for more value. So we would expect that there’d be more products bought on promotion than would typically be the case. But we’re going to continue to try and respond to consumers to the extent we can. 
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: I had one more question for you just regarding the cost-savings. You mentioned having a little more aggressive level of cost-savings in 2009 based on where inflation shakes out. Your cost-savings could overcome a lot of your cost inflation. If the benefit’s coming through pricing, should we see a pretty solid gross margin expansion in the year as a result?
David Mackay: We’re actually gave guidance in gross margin to be flat year-on-year, so you’re right. The level of inflation is coming down and our savings program’s coming up. We have the potential to do better than that, but at this stage, with the impact of the recall this year and also with the acquisitions, I think we’re flat gross margin, so we saw the right guidance. 
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and then just to be clear, I think you mentioned it to an extent before, but you said you actually have a translation cost in there but is there an incremental transaction cost for currencies that are part of that 9% figure or is 9% just straight translation.
David Mackay: The 9% is just straight translation. Transactional expense is significant and it’s above that, but we’re covering that within our normal operating model.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, that makes sense. Thank you.
David Mackay: Latonya just one last question please.
Operator: Okay, our last question will be from Alton Stump with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Turfly – Longbow Research: Good morning. This is actually Phil Turfly calling for Alton. I just wanted to go back to cereal real quick if you guys could talk a little bit about what you’ve been seeing maybe late 2008, early 2009 particularly in regards to the Post cereals, especially under a new owner, and kind of how you’re thinking about that going forward. Thanks.
David Mackay: Phil, I really don’t have any comments to make. I’m sure they’re in the process having finalized these integrations. You’d need to ask them to get more specifics, but nothing that I’m seeing that I would highlight to you on what they’re doing. 
Phil Turfly – Longbow Research: Okay, thank you.
David Mackay: Thanks. 
Operator: I would like to turn it back over to management for closing comments. 
David Mackay: Thank you very much for joining us on the call.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. (Operator Instructions) Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-31 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Joel Wittenberg – Vice President, Investor Relations David Mackay – President and Chief Executive Officer John Bryant – Chief Operating Officer and Financial Officer
Analysts: David Palmer – UBS Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Bryan Spillane – Banc of America Securities Terry Bivens – JP Morgan Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Kellogg Company 2008 third quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I will turn the call over to Mr. Joel Wittenberg, Kellogg Company’s Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wittenberg, you may begin your conference.
Joel Wittenberg: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for a review of our third quarter results and for some discussion regarding our strategy and outlook. With me here in Battle Creek are David Mackay, President and CEO; John Bryant, Chief Operating and Financial Officer; and Gary Pilnick, General Counsel. We must point out that certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, liquidity, foreign exchange, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs, and inflation are forwardlooking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday evening by dialing 8009644463 for both U.S. and international locations. The passcode is #5355644. The call will also be available by webcast, which will be archived for 90 days. Now, let me turn it over to David.
David Mackay: Thanks, Joel. Good morning everyone. We're pleased to report another strong performance for the third quarter. We achieved 9% reported sales growth and 7% growth on an internal basis, the highest quarterly internal growth rate in more than two years. Our success was driven by price realization, effective advertising, and continued business momentum. Our growth was broadbased, despite some weakness in several international markets.  Earnings per share grew 17% to $0.89 versus last year's $0.76 due to our operating performance, lower upfront costs, and fewer shares outstanding. We achieved these solid Q3 results, which are above our longterm targets, despite the economic slowdown, commodity inflation, and a higher tax rate.  Our continued momentum adds to our confidence that we will achieve another year of sustainable and attainable growth and demonstrates our ability to manage through volatile cost inflation. With our strong operating performance, we now anticipate fullyear earnings per share at the high end of the $2.95 to $3.00 range. Now, I'd like to turn it over the John to discussion the financials.
John Bryant: Thanks, David, and good morning everyone. Slide 4 highlights our financial performance. As you can see, we exceeded our targets of midsingledigit internal sales and midsingledigit operating profit growth as well as high singledigit earnings per share growth. Reported sales increased by 9% in the third quarter, lapping last year's strong 6% growth. Internal sales growth, which excludes the effect of foreign exchange and our recent acquisitions, was 7%, building on last year's 4% growth. Both reported and internal operating profit rose 9%, driven by our sales performance and this year's lower upfront cost investments, offset by the highest quarterly inflation experienced in our history. Our third quarter earnings per share rose 17% to $0.89 compared to last year's $0.76 due to our strong operating performance, lower upfront costs, and fewer shares outstanding, partially offset by a higher tax rate. Let's turn to slide 5 to discuss our third quarter net sales growth components. Reported sales increased by 9.5% in the third quarter, lapping last year's 6% growth. Internal sales growth, which excludes the effect of foreign exchange and our recent acquisitions, were 6.9%, building on last year's 3.8% growth. This represents our highest quarterly internal sales growth since the second quarter of 2006. Tonnage contributed 2.3% of sales growth, while our price and mix initiatives continued to flow through with solid 4.6% growth. Throughout 2008, we have demonstrated our ability to price to offset inflation pressures. For Q3, the price component contributed approximately 3 points of net sales, which is ahead of last year's 1.5 points. Foreign exchange had less than a 1% impact on sales, and our recent acquisitions added 2 points in sales growth in the third quarter. Overall, we are very pleased with this year's sales performance. On a yeartodate basis, reported sales increased more than 10% and internal sales grew more than 6%. Let's turn to slide 6 to discuss our gross profit performance. Our gross profit for the quarter was $1.4 billion, a 5% increase on a reported basis over the third quarter of last year. As you know, our focus is on gross profit dollars as this is what allows us to continue to reinvest in our business. On a yeartodate basis, gross profit was $4.2 billion, a 6% increase over 2007.  Yeartodate gross profit margin declined by about 170 basis points to 42.6%, consistent with our expectations. About half of the decline is due to our recent acquisitions and higher upfront investments in cost of goods. While the remaining decline is driven by commodity inflation, partially offset by additional pricing. Now let's turn to slide 7 to discuss profit growth. Internal operating profit rose 9%, driven by 7% internal sales growth, cost savings, and lower upfront costs, offset by significantly higher commodity costs.  Our North American business reported internal operating profit growth of 15% with lower upfront costs having a 9% impact. We are very pleased with this performance, which was driven by solid 9% sales growth and offset by significant cost inflation. Our European internal operating profit rose 3% versus last year, as higher upfront costs reduced operating profit growth by more than 1%. In addition, higher commodity inflation had a negative impact on performance. In Latin America, the combination of softness in our top line, higher commodity costs, and cost increases caused by Venezuelan import restrictions resulted in a 10% decline in internal operating profit. In AsiaPacific, internal operating profit increased by 55%, driven by 10% sales growth and a very strong performance in Australia, partially helped by an advertising shift from Q3 to Q4. Below the operating profit line, we benefited from fewer shares outstanding, and our tax rate was about 28% due to several discrete items in the quarter. We now expect the fullyear tax rate to be approximately 30%. In addition, other income and expense resulted in income of $13 million; and Q3 interest expense declined to $71 million. Let's turn to slide 8 to review our advertising spending. At close to 9% sales, our advertising investment remains significantly higher than the food group average of about 5%. Our commitment to advertising investment is a key component of our strategy, and our disciplined execution gives us the confidence that we will continue to achieve our goals. As previously discussed, we are also driving a series of initiatives across brand building to further improve the efficiency and effectiveness of these investments in the new media environment. We began to see the benefits of these initiatives during the third quarter.  While spending declined slightly against last year's doubledigit comparable growth, effectiveness increased as evidenced by our strong sales performance. This slight decline in spend was driven by three items: first, the tough comparable; second, timing in Australia as mentioned earlier; and finally, some initial efficiency gains. As we move forward, we will keep you updated on the progress of our efficiency and effectiveness initiatives. Let's turn to slide 9 to discuss cash flow. The third quarter's cash flow was $383 million, about even with last year's $392 million. Yeartodate cash flow was $893 million versus last year's $961 million. We continue to improve our core working capital for the quarter. In fact, our cash conversion cycle improved by three days over last year to an impressive 22 days. For the full year, we still expect cash flow of $1 billion to $1,075,000,000.  Given the recent volatility in the financial markets, I also want to update you on our liquidity. We currently have about $1.5 billion of outstanding commercial paper, which is offset by approximately $700 million of cash on the balance sheet and backed by $2 billion of bank lines that mature in 2011. We have maintained good access to the commercial paper markets throughout the recent market disruptions, and our next term debt maturity is not until another two and a half years. Now, I would like to turn it back over to David for the business review.
David Mackay: Thanks, John. Continuing with slide 10, you can see our North American sales growth was a very strong 9% versus last year's 3% comparable. This growth was broadbased across all of our business units. If we turn to slide 11, we can discuss each business unit in more detail.  If we look at our North American cereal, internal sales growth was 7% during the third quarter, which included strong growth in nonmeasured channels. We're obviously very pleased with the strength of the category and our performance this quarter despite a high level of competitive trade activity.  We achieved strong price realization once again in Q3, and our price per pound in measured channels rose by midsingle digits during the quarter in line with the category. Our solid performance came from innovations like MiniWheats Blueberry Muffin. And we saw good performance from Special K Cinnamon Pecan, Raisin Bran Crunch, and Corn Pops. For the quarter, Kashi sales rose double digits, driven by GOLEAN Crunch Honey Almond Flax and Organic Promise.  Our Canadian business continues to perform well despite competitive conditions similar to the U.S. During Q3, we achieved solid growth from Kashi innovations, MiniWheat Cinnamon, and the Guitar Hero promotion. We are pleased to have achieved the strong third quarter, although it was against a relatively weak comp. Conversely, in the fourth quarter, we face a tough 8% comparable; and we expect shipments to be relatively flat versus last year. Let's turn to slide 12 to discuss the North American snacks performance. As you can see, our snacks business posted a very strong quarter with 10% sales growth versus last year's 5% comparable. Our success was driven by innovation, a second round of price increases, and robust category growth. Let's turn to slide 13 to look at more detail on the quarter. Our PopTarts business posted a solid quarter with high singledigit sales growth driven by higher blue box sales and price realization. This year's strong cracker performance resulted in IRI market share gains, and we delivered doubledigit growth in Q3 driven by innovations like CheezIt Duoz and Town House Flipsides. In addition, we continue to see good growth from both cracker and cookie portion control packs. Our cookie innovation remains strong as we achieved low singledigit sales growth and gained IRI market share during the quarter. Wholesome snack sales grew midsingle digits during Q3, and we achieved solid sales from NutriGrain as well as innovations like Kashi TLC Chewy Granola Bars and Special K Bliss bars. We turn now to slide 14 to discuss our frozen and specialty channel performance. Frozen and specialty channels had another great quarter with sales rising 11% versus last year's 5% comparable.  Third quarter sales included the slight trade inventory benefit due to the frozen foods price increase taken late in Q3. We achieved doubledigit frozen food sales growth due to the trend toward inhome food consumption as well as strong innovation and advertising. Eggo sales grew in double digits, driven by strong price realization and innovations like Bake Shop Swirlz and Bake Shop MiniMuffin Tops. These successes resulted in more than a one point of IRI market share gain.  Our Morningstar Farms Veggie burgers and Veggie poultry products posted strong sales for the grilling season, as well as our new Asian Veggie Patties, which are exceeding expectations. Our frozen Kashi meals once again grew at double digits, driven by rising distribution of Kashi frozen entrees and pizzas. Given the difficult awayfromhome environment, we're particularly pleased with our food service business, which achieved high singledigit sales growth.  You can see on slide 15 that our international sales grew 3% during the quarter versus last year's 5% growth. During Q3, the economic environment had a greater impact on the international business than on our North American business. As we turn to slide 16, we can discuss this in further detail. In Europe, we posted 3% internal sales growth for the quarter. While we are pleased with our Q3 performance, the economic conditions across continental Europe in particular have become more challenging. Our strong UK growth was driven by pricing, innovation, and category growth. In France, a trade inventory reduction resulted in Q3 shipment weakness; however, this year's in market consumption has grown faster than the category resulting in market share gain in both cereal and snacks. European brands like Extra, Cocoa Pops, and Tresor performed well. Our European snacks business posted doubledigit growth during the quarter with solid performance from Special K Mini Breaks and Rice Krispies Squares. We achieved solid growth in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, the Nordics, and [inaudible]. In Latin America, internal sales declined slightly this quarter versus last year's very strong 12% growth. Sales in Mexico declined primarily due to the weaker economy and aggressive pricing by our largest competitor. Sales growth was strong in Brazil, Ecuador, Venezuela, Argentina, and Central America. Due to the weaker economic environment, we anticipate 2009 sales growth at closer to midsingle digits in Latin America. In AsiaPacific, internal sales grew 10%. Our Australian readytoeat cereal business grew midsingle digits, driven by strong category growth and our focus on core brands. In addition, our recent Special K Advantage and Cocoa Chex innovations performed well. We also achieved doubledigit internal sales growth in South Korea, India, and South Africa. Before I turn it back over to John to review 2008 and 2009 preliminary guidance, I would like to say a few words on slide 17 about the year ahead and how we plan to adjust to the tough consumer environment and the slowing global economy. Clearly, there remains a high degree of uncertainty about what lies ahead in this turbulent economy. It's important to continue to manage costs to help offset inflation and fund reinvestment in the business. We're doing so through aggressive costsaving initiatives across three areas: supply chain, overhead, and brand building. First, we have a major new program focused on our manufacturing facilities under the banner of Kellogg LEAN, which stands for lean, efficient, agile network. This program will insure we're optimizing our manufacturing utilization, reducing waste, and developing best practices across many of our global facilities. You will hear more about Kellogg LEAN as we progress through 2009, and we anticipate it will be our largest upfront cost savings initiatives for the year. Secondly, we will continue to keep our overhead as low as possible. Finally, as mentioned earlier, our efforts to optimize our advertising and promotion efficiency and effectiveness are starting to bear fruit and should be near full implementation during the first half of next year. Insuring we continue to build our brand recognitions for quality and added value is particularly critical in these tough economic times when private label is likely to grow. Not only will we continue our drive for greater brand building efficiency, we also expect our advertising spending will grow in line with sales for 2009. Now I would like to turn it back to John and slide 18 to discuss our fullyear 2008 and 2009 outlooks.
John Bryant: Thanks, David. For the current year, we continue to expect midsingledigit revenue growth driven by both strong execution and continued price realization. Operating profit is still expected to grow at midsingle digits including cost of goods cost pressure of 9%, as well as upfront cost savings investments of $0.14 per share. In addition, we anticipate a foreign exchange headwind starting in Q4, which will be largely mitigated by translational hedges in the fourth quarter. Despite a difficult trading environment, we are maintaining our fullyear earnings guidance of $2.95 to $3 per share. We now have additional confidence that earnings will be at the high end of this range.  Last, we want to update you on a few housekeeping items. First, we have now finalized how we will use our fourth quarter's 53rd week's profits. We plan to use these profits to largely reinvest back into our recent acquisitions in Russia, China, Australia, and the U.S. Second, we expect our fullyear net interest expense to be unchanged from 2007. Third, our fullyear tax rate is now expected to be approximately 30% versus our earlier expectation of approximately 31%. Finally, we do not plan to repurchase any shares during the fourth quarter.  To summarize, we expect to continue to achieve our goals, deliver our targets, and reinvest in the business despite high inflation. Let's turn to slide 19 to discuss our outlook for inflation. This slide highlights the high level of inflation we have experienced in recent years. Based on recent market declines in many commodity prices, some of you may be anticipating a decline in our costs. Thanks to our aggressive hedging program in 2008, we avoided the full impact of commodity cost increases. Without these hedges, our inflation rate would have been even higher than the 9% shown on this chart. As hedges roll off in 2009, we anticipate another step up of cost pressure inflation at approximately 5% of cost of goods.  The commodities component of this inflation is skewed to Europe and Latin America for 2009. We have recently announced or executed pricing actions to cover this additional inflation. We have demonstrated an ability to manage our way through both high inflation and volatility. We expect to do this in 2009 through expanded savings programs as David mentioned earlier. Let's turn to slide 20 for our 2009 outlook. We expect 2009 will be another year of sustainable and dependable performance. We will enter the year with momentum fueled by our business model and strategy. We have invested in our longterm growth through innovation, advertising, cost savings initiatives, and acquisitions.  Our forecast calls for internal sales to increase by midsingle digits. As we discussed, cost pressures will remain significant but will moderate from 2008 levels to about 5% of cost of goods. We expect inflation to have a proportionally larger impact in Europe and Latin America.  Overall, we expect gross profit margin to be about flat, resulting in midsingledigit internal gross profit and midsingledigit internal operating profit growth year on year. We are realistic about the headwinds we face in 2009, including additional inflation and a weaker economy. While the unprecedented strengthening of the U.S. dollar is also likely to impact reported earnings per share, we are confident in our ability to deliver high singledigit EPS growth on a currency neutral basis next year. The recent volatility of the foreign exchange markets, however, makes it difficult to forecast recorded earnings per share. We plan to update you regarding foreign exchange on future calls. Our guidance includes an assumed tax rate of approximately 30% to 31% and fewer shares outstanding. A key driver of our confidence in our sustainable and dependable growth is an intensified focus on delivering cost savings from productivity and efficiency initiatives. In addition, we will invest back into the business with upfront cost saving investments.  Consistent with prior years, our 2009 forecast includes upfront costs of $0.14 per share. Our largest upfront investment for the year will be the Kellogg LEAN manufacturing program. Along with that continued focus on overhead cost control, these initiatives will help offset the headwinds we face in 2009. Despite these challenges, our business model and strategy continue to give us the confidence that we will once again deliver another year of sustainable and dependable performance. Now I will turn it over to David.
David Mackay: Thanks, John. As we move into 2009, the pressure of the weak global economy on consumers and the additional volatility from an unprecedented appreciation of the U.S. dollar are adding up to another challenging year. We'll stick to our business model and strategy, reinvesting back into the business for future growth. This gives us continued confidence in our ability to deliver another year of sustainable and dependable growth.  We will continue to aggressively manage risk by stepping up our focus on costsaving initiatives, productivity gains, and SG&A optimization. In particular, our focus on the Kellogg LEAN manufacturing initiative will provide savings in our manufacturing costs and processes. This project just kicked off and will run through 2009. We'll continue to invest in great innovation and effective advertising programs to keep consumers engaged and aware of our brands and their benefits.  In addition, we will drive our advertising programs across the globe to lower costs while delivering even more effective consumer brand building. All of these moves, making the right investments, achieving price realization, focusing on cost saving initiatives, and investing in future growth provide us with the confidence that 2009 will be another year of sustainable and dependable performance. As we move into the new year, we will continue to address the issues we face and give you another update in our Q4 call. Now, I would like to open it up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from David Palmer with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
David Palmer UBS: One simple question, and that is about currency and the interconnection with commodities. I think this is the first time you are giving a constant currency guidance. But I am wondering how we should think about how that connects, I would assume, with commodities and the outlook for that. In other words, a stronger dollar would coincide with yearoveryear declines or a more benign outlook for commodities than perhaps you would assume if we had a weaker dollar environment. How should we think about that? On the face I would assume that you would choose to have a firm dollar and less inflation, but perhaps there's some other timing things going on here where you haven't done certain hedges on currency but you have on commodities that might be shaping your outlook for 2009.
David Mackay: I will let John take the FX and then I will come back and talk a little bit about commodities.
John Bryant: Just to clarify on foreign exchange, if we step back and look at our business, certainly the internal mid-single-digit sales growth and profit growth forecasts we gave gives you a sense that our business is doing well. But to your point, David, there’s been some unprecedented moves in foreign exchange. If we think about those in two buckets, there's a transactional and a translational impact of foreign exchange. Transactional, just to use an example of we export products from the U.S. to Canada, the Canadian dollar is devalued by 20%. Obviously, a product going to Canada will cost more. That sort of impact of foreign exchange we can price away in the marketplace. The translational impact, though, of the profits in Canada now are translated at 20% less than U.S. dollars. That's something we can't price away.  If you think about the size of the translational issue that we have, if you look at the operating profit from our international business plus Canada, it's 40% to 45% of the company's total operating profit and, quite frankly, we have a lower tax rate outside the U.S. than inside the U.S. So it's more in the ballpark of 50% of net income. If we had a 10% to 20% move in foreign exchange, then you can see a 5 to 10 point impact on the EPS. So the size and magnitude of the movement is quite substantial.
David Mackay: Before I tackle commodities, something else on FX. If FX were currently 1% to 2% EPS impact, we wouldn't be having this conversation. We would simply absorb it into our guidance. But it's clear the volatility in FX is unprecedented. To be quite frank, we've got no clue what the impact will be come January 2009. Just yesterday, in one day, the U.S. dollar weakened roughly 3% against most of the global currencies. We remain confident in our business model ability to deliver sustainable and dependable results and we will keep you updated on this with another review in January and February. On the commodities side, to answer your question there, as you are aware, when you look at COGS inflation and cost inflation it's very complex, a lot of puts and takes. We've said that next year we expect our cost of goods to rise 5%. Of that, roughly half is factory expense, wages, and benefits. That's relatively consistent with what we've had over the last 5 or 10 years. The balance is the combination of packaging, energy, and commodity inflation.  As we said on the call, we had some positive 2008 hedges that roll off in 2009. While stock prices are down in some commodities, if you look at stock prices of things like sugar and rice, 2009 versus 2008, they're up in aggregate of between 40% and 50%. You got packaging inflation, which is highly energy sensitive, it tends to lag the market by anything up to six months. So we will not see the benefits of reduced energy input costs there for probably six months until the second half. As we've told you in the past, Kellogg's, like most other FMCG companies, tends to lag our pricing versus inflation so, to an extent, we're still catching up to the outlaid cost. Netnet costs will be up year on year in 2009 when you look across the entire basket.
David Palmer UBS: I will stop there, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong Goldman Sachs: John, just to follow up on currency, you said the fourth quarter you had translational hedges in place that's not impacting the fourth quarter outlook. Do you have any hedges in place for 2009 at this point?
John Bryant: The problem we have with translational hedging is we don't get hedge accounting for that. We actually have to mark that to market each month. You might notice in our third quarter results that our other income expense is about $13 million of other income. The reason for that, one of the reasons for that, is within the third quarter we had to marktomarket our fourth quarter translational hedges. There’s actually two pennies of good news sitting in Q3 because of those hedges that will actually mean that we won’t get those benefits in Q4. If we were to hedge out to 2009, we would just be bringing even more volatility into our 2008 P&L. That's on translational. Obviously on transactional, we do have hedging in place to different degrees in different markets around the world already into 2009.
Judy Hong Goldman Sachs: David, as we think about your reference to optimize your marketing spend efficiency, I am just trying to get a better perspective on your confidence level in maintaining your sales or share momentum. We have seen some of your competitors taking advertising up. As you think about your total marketing spending bucket and as you optimize the level of spending, just in terms of how you think about that in an absolute basis and then as you think about optimizing that relative to your competitors that may be taking it up on an absolute basis.
David Mackay: Let’s make sure you’re not confused. We are still planning to take the number of impressions that we have against our brands up year on year for 2009. We have said that next year we will be taking our spend up midsingle digit. And remember, if we drive these efficiency gains, then we will be getting more impressions for lower cost. But yet we're taking our investment up midsingle digit for 2009.  Anyone who makes the wrong assumption that we're trimming our brand building support is not getting the message. The message is pretty clear. We are one of the highest spenders on advertising and promotions in the food category, at around 9% of net sales. We think that gives us a strategic advantage versus our competitors who are trying to catch up. But it also is important for us as a company to recognize broadly a billion dollars in spend there that there are opportunities to improve the efficiencies and effectiveness of that spend to make sure that our brands remain vital and strong. That's exactly what we intend to do going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar Barclays Capital: Quick one. It's a little out of scope, I guess, under the quarter itself. I guess we’ve heard that perhaps I guess Kellogg is sort of leading a charge to change sort of the core cereal box size and configuration to change packaging and shipping and such, maybe a shorter, squatter box. I guess like the compaction in laundry detergents. I am just curious as if this is accurate. If it is, is it meant to put Kellogg at a competitive advantage or by changing the price per ounce or unit in profit metrics? Or does all that stay the same and it's more about obviously the efficiency side? Does the consumer's perception of value change if the box size configuration sort of changes?
David Mackay: What you are poking at there is something that we're playing around very much as part of our environmental sustainability drive. As a company, we've also had a strong history of trying to leave a positive footprint wherever we compete. We think we need to step that up. We have a number of initiatives going on looking at how we can make positive changes in what we do to improve our footprint and to drive efficiency and effectiveness. It's too early to say any more than that. Hopefully, once we have more consumer learning, we will see where that takes us.
Andrew Lazar Barclays Capital: Then is pricing that you got to take more overseas now, given that's where the inflation is coming from, is that a tougher charge than we have seen in the U.S. where it's obviously gone through quite successfully for you and for the industry?
David Mackay: I think to the credit of our retail partners, they always like to understand this pricing that we're taking justified. And we work very closely with them both in North America and internationally to explain what's going on because, quite often, they don't necessarily have as clear a picture as we would like them to have. As we do that, clearly they understand. I think in this tough economic times, no doubt, people would rather there wasn't any inflation, but unfortunately, even though it seems to have moderated if you look at some of the commodities out there coming down. As we've said in the call, our COGS for next year is going to be up 5%. So on pricing we're taking the actions we need. We think our brands are strong enough and we think it's necessary to offset the inflation that we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research. 
David Driscoll Citi Investment Research: Two items on my mind here. First one is back on the commodity side. John or David, can you guys comment on how your competitors and/or private label, maybe most importantly, is positioned historically within the commodities? What I am really trying to drive at a lot of folks are looking at these commodity prices and expecting them to be down.  If you guys were benefiting in 2008 from lower than spot price numbers because of good hedging that you put on in 2007, then the question is is that a benefit in 2008, but of course it turns out to be a negative in 2009 as inflation catches up with you and hedges roll off. Does the competitive position of Kellogg, is it at a disadvantage in 2009 because you have competitors who are on a spot basis?
David Mackay: It's virtually impossible for us to comment on what our competitors are doing. I think it's probably very much a mixed bag. As we look at 2009 and we look at our 2009 hedges, we believe we're currently slightly favorable to the current spot prices. As we have talked about hedges to investors, there's always good news and bad news. You don't want too much of either because it can have a dramatic impact year to year. I think we're pretty well placed. As I said, our hedges, we believe, are currently slightly favorable to current spot prices as we look at 2009.
David Driscoll Citi Investment Research: My final question is, what comment can you make to us about the effects of WalMart's efforts to increase private label penetration? How significant is this for Kellogg's in 2009? Certainly in light of the fact that nonmeasured channels have been such a strong component of the growth here in 2008.
David Mackay: I think the first thing to remember when you're thinking about private label is that, from a Kellogg's perspective, we're in categories and we have products that represent great value. Private label typically has lower relative shares because of the strength of our brands and the value proposition that we demonstrate. Across the world, for categories in which we compete are growing and growing strongly. Our position at number one or number two also helps us there. We remain very positive about our ability to grow the business going forward. If you look at Q3, I think it's a solid example of that with 7% internal growth.  Our best defense against private label is to play our game, strong innovation and brand building. Now if you're being pragmatic as we sit on the call, private label growth in a recessionary environment is likely as some consumers are going to have little choice but to trade down. Again, our categories are growing, we feel our brands are strong, and we will keep playing our game. As you might have seen, we had a campaign starting in October that tried to help the consumer understand the great value that readytoeat cereal represents on a perserving basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe Stifel Nicolaus: I have a question in relation to your price increase you mentioned in Europe and Latin America being two areas taking pricing. This is one of the rare quarters where Latin America is been a little weaker, and there's a competitive dynamic there that maybe challenged you a little bit. So, is the price increase out of sync with the category in Latin America? Is that going to be a more challenging environment for you in 2009? You mentioned mid-single-digit sales growth for the year.
David Mackay: I think when you look at Q3 for Latin America and we mentioned Mexico was actually down. We did have a very tough comp across all of Latin America of plus 12. That was true for Mexico as well. We are seeing the Mexican economy slowing a little. But the key issue for us in Q3 on the top line was a very aggressive competitive activity that caught us a little off guard.  As we look at Q4, we would expect to be back around midsingle digits. And we did reflect that for 2009 with more pressure across a number of Latin American markets that our forecast would be that sales would be around midsingle digits, when they have been historically a little higher. That's just a pragmatic view reflecting that some consumers across those markets will be under a little pressure.
Chris Growe Stifel Nicolaus: Then I had just one more question. It's in relation to, we're seeing significant growth in alternate channels, obviously in IRIs becoming less predictive of your business. I wonder if you could comment on your success in the quarter and alternate channels. Related to that, are there any trade inventory reductions that you are seeing or feeling or you're concerned about in the fourth quarter given the environment we're in here today.
David Mackay: On alternate channels, I think it's true. You are seeing strong growth there across the whole retail category. Our categories are growing. If you look at our IRI share performance, it probably does understate how we're doing if you look at all channels. Because in all channels we probably grew 3 or 4%. The category for cereal, for example, grew probably 5% or 6%. We did lose about a few tenths of share. But the category is growing strongly. I think you are seeing a number of the old channels actually do well, but I don't think you're seeing a significant degradation in the normal retail business. The second part of the question, sorry?
Chris Growe Stifel Nicolaus: Trade inventory declines, is there any concern with that in the environment we're in today?
David Mackay: I think as we've looked at our trade inventories, relatively consistent year on year. We did mention in the call that we took a price increase on frozen late Q3. So our anticipation would be that we got some incremental shipments in Q3 that will come out in Q4 as inventories readjust. I think retailers are being very cautious on inventory levels. But we will still have vendor-managed inventory with well over 50% of our customers. We've been working very closely to keep our inventories relatively tight. While it could be a little bit of an issue, I don't see it's being significant.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow BMO Capital Markets: Would you say that the overarching environment for packaged food and for Kellogg is better or worse than it would be last year?
David Mackay: I think it's not changed dramatically. The only issue is the one I mentioned earlier. If you take a pragmatic view on where we are from a economic strength/weakness perspective, there will be some consumers who, by default, may have no choice but to trade down. That's the view as we look at 2009. As we take that view, we're also looking at what programs and steps we can make to keep our brands front and center and to make sure that we're demonstrating the value of everything we do. The great news is, if you look at Q3, as I believe the U.S. economy has been weak through the bulk of Q3, we have very strong growth, our categories were strong, we did pretty well in most of those categories, some very well, some not so well but still well. I don't actually think that the dynamic is changed.  The one benefit I think all of us will get, if we don't have a massive food service business dependent on main meals, is that outofhome consumption is declining, has declined through I think the last three or four months. Our anticipation would be that we will see a continuation of that through 2009. You've got some slight negatives with the negative impact on consumer and their ability to buy all branded goods. And you have some slight positives with a probably greater propensity for inhome consumption, which will certainly help our business. Netnet, we see the two sort of balancing off, so we don't see a massive change.
Ken Zaslow BMO Capital Markets: If commodities were to fall off, would you be able to keep whatever price increases you have passed through or did you price ahead or behind? I am assuming you priced behind inflation, not ahead. It should be pretty sticky, is that fair? I will let it go.
David Mackay: As we have said consistently, and I think we are not the only company, we typically lag inflation in our pricing and especially when it's volatile as it's been. You make a forecast, you price to try and cover that. We've been wrong for the last 18 plus months. Even as we look at 2009, our COGS inflation is forecast to be around 5%. Albeit that half of that is really pension, wages, factory expense, which is really consistent. So the other half is a mismatch of commodities and energy and packaging and various inflation hitting us at different levels around the world. We did say in the call that in Europe and Latin America, we are seeing a disproportionately large percentage of our commodity inflation coming in those two areas for a variety of reasons.
Ken Zaslow BMO Capital Markets: So we shouldn't expect to see lower cookie or cereal or cracker prices at my home grocery?
David Mackay: I would think not on an ongoing basis, though I am sure we will find a way to entice you to buy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman Deutsche Bank: I guess I have a question on why inflation and inputs lag in the EU and Latin America? Seems at this time with the information moving so quickly, I don't understand why there would be such a lag there. Then, doesn't that put your forecast more at risk that you're taking pricing in those markets because of that lag into what appears to be a much weaker consumer in the EU and, I suppose, Latin America as well.
David Mackay: I think that's why we've called our 2009 view on Europe as low single digit and Latin America net sales around midsingle digits. We are anticipating a little bit of a tightening there. You do you have some situations, for example, rice is up dramatically yearonyear. In the EU in particular, there always has been a lag effect. Given the volatility and what's been going on in the commodity markets, some of that is still flowing through in Europe in particular.
Eric Katzman Deutsche Bank: As you look at the forecast, obviously, we all understand how much stuff is moving around because we're experiencing that every day, too. Is that the greatest, in terms of your view, risk to your forecast in terms of how the consumer behave in EU and Latin America visavis this price move?
David Mackay: We hope we have reflected it in the way we've given guidance for 2009. As we have said, if our view changes as we get into JanuaryFebruary and do Q4, we will give you an update. At this point, we think we've taken a pragmatic view that across continental Europe in particular things will slow a little bit just because of what's going on in markets like Spain and Italy. The same in Latin America. If we get any greater intelligence that we currently have, we will update our forecast and give you better visibility. As we look at it going forward, that's our current view.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Banc of America.
Bryan Spillane Banc of America: Just a quick clarification in the outlook for 2009, you mentioned fewer shares outstanding. Is that predicated on starting share repurchases again in 2009? Or is that just based on what's within done in the past?
David Mackay: That's a great question. If you step back and look at our potential uses of cash in 2009, obviously we're going through a fairly volatile period right now in the financial markets. We want to be quite flexible in how we think about this. There's a couple different options for us. One is that we can continue to pay down debt and, as I said in the prepared remarks, we have about a $1.5 billion commercial paper program, $700 million in cash, backed up by $2 billion credit facility. We feel good about our liquidity, but if the situation does improve, that's always an option for us. Another thing we need to keep looking at is our pension status. We've historically been very well funded against the pension as you would expect our assets have a pretty good equity allocation. And those assets will come down this year. While I don't see any mandatory funding requirements for 2009, we would certainly historically have gotten ahead of this with voluntary contributions. That's something else that we will look at. Having said all that, our longterm intent is to return cash to shareholders as we've done over the last three or four years. That will be our longterm plan going forward, as we've constructed our outlook for 2009. We still have that $500 million share buyback occurring in the first half of 2009, that's what is getting us that lower shares outstanding. Having said all that, again, we will step back from the 2009 use of cash and just flag that we will see how the markets develop over the next two or three months. We may come back in January and provide more specific guidance in this area. Clearly, with the current volatility, we just need to stay very flexible.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Bivens with JP Morgan.
Terry Bivens JP Morgan: You know, obviously, you guys are doing pretty well at WalMart. We heard the same thing from Kraft this morning. Kind of a shaggy dog question here, we've seen some prime time ads that basically say if you buy your Kellogg's cereal at WalMart, you save, I forget the exact amount, but it was quite a bit of money on a yearly basis. I am wondering about those. What kind of role those play in your results at WalMart? Maybe it's too early there, but also are those classified, would you classify such ads as trade promotion or would that go under advertising?
David Mackay: Just to clear that up, we ran a Kellogg campaign in October demonstrating the value of Kellogg's cereals at 50¢ a bowl and milk. We paid for that Kellogg advertising. WalMart has been constantly pushing their angle as being the retailer that gives the best value. They paid for the advertising that I think featured an array of Kellogg products and suggested that consumers could save $900 plus a year.
Terry Bivens JP Morgan: That's the one I'm thinking about, Dave.
David Mackay: That's an ad that they ran. We didn't pay for it. No doubt, WalMart is helping our business. We would hope so. I am sure they would, too. The campaign we ran was stressing the value of cereal at 50¢ a bowl with milk.
Terry Bivens JP Morgan: With regard to WalMart, would you do anything in terms of trade promotion in connection with those ads, or is that strictly them?
David Mackay: That's them. We try and deal with all of our trading partners on an equal basis. They're a big, important customer. We value everything we do together. But that was an initiative that WalMart chose to run, and we thank them for the support.
Terry Bivens JP Morgan: Just one quick one. What did you say the U.S. cereal category was growing at?
David Mackay: If you look at all channels, our view is 5% to 6%. If you looked at IRI for the quarter, it's showing 3.4%. But typically we would add 2% to 3%, so we're saying 5% to 6% all channels for the category.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard Sanford Bernstein: Just a real quick one. You mentioned that the commodity pressures were at their peak this quarter. I know that last time around we spoke and you mentioned in the last earnings call that I think there were $0.24 in the second quarter, $0.15 in the first quarter. Can you give a number as to how much it was this quarter? Are you still expecting $0.90 for the full year?
David Mackay: We're still in the ballpark with $0.90 for the full year. We still have about 30% of that coming through in the third quarter. So around the $0.27, $0.30 for the quarter.
Operator: Your last question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.  
Vincent Andrews Morgan Stanley: Just a quick one. Dave, you have referenced a couple of times a high level of competitive trade activity. I think you might have even mentioned several geographies. Could you just characterize that a little more for us and tell us whether you see it continuing into the fourth quarter?
David Mackay: There was two references. One was Mexico, which I think was just a quarterly phenomenon, and the other was U.S. cereal. I think, again, we had a major competitor who a year ago had gone through a major change in their box size, so they had weak comps when you look at this year. They chose the opportunity to support their business strongly. We don't believe that's something that they will do on an ongoing basis. That's clearly, entirely up to them. It certainly did have an impact if you look at the amount sold on deal in the quarter. Again, having said that, we still did pretty well and the category did very well. Not a major issue, just a variable in our results for the quarter.
Vincent Andrews Morgan Stanley: Sounds like the U.S. issuance was very much like it was last quarter. Then I will just leave it there.
Operator: I would like to turn the call back over the Mr. Joel Wittenberg for closing comments.
Joel Wittenberg: Thanks very much. We want to thank you for participating in today's call and for your continued interest in Kellogg. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference, you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-31 09:30:00) =====
Executives:  Joel Wittenberg – Vice President, Investor Relations David Mackay – President, Chief Executive Officer John Bryant - Chief Financial Officer Gary Pilnick – General Counsel 
Analysts: Alex Patterson – RCS Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Terry Bivens – JP Morgan David Driscoll – Citi Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein
 : Timothy Ramey – DA Davidson Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets  
Operator: Welcome to the Kellogg Company 2008 second quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I will turn the call over to Joel Wittenberg, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Joel Wittenberg: Thank you for joining us for a review of our second quarter results and for some discussion regarding our strategy and outlook. With me here in Battle Creek are David MacKay, President and CEO; John Bryant, CFO and Gary Pilnick, General Counsel.  We must point out that certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company’s future performance including earnings per share, net sales, margins, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, up front costs and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected.  For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings.  A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday evening by dialing (888) 203-1112 in the U.S. and (719) 457-0820 from international locations. The pass code for both locations is #5646116. The call will also be available via web cast which will be archived for 90 days. Now let me turn it over to David. 
David Mackay: We're pleased to announce another strong quarter despite the impact of continued commodity price volatility. This quarter's performance provides further evidence of the strength of our business model. Our business momentum along with price realization grew a reported sales growth of 11% and earnings per share growth of 9%.  We continue to invest for the future absorbing up front costs of $0.04 per share and increasing our advertising investments at a double-digit rate. In addition, we continued our expansion in emerging markets through the acquisition of Navigable Foods, a biscuit company in China.  We're entering the back half of the year with confidence in our ability to achieve our full year goals and we have raised our 2008 earnings guidance to $2.95 to $3.00 per share versus our previous estimate of $2.92 to $2.97. This increase reflects our strong underlying business momentum.  As we said previously, this year's first half performance would be measured against difficult 2007 comparables due to the timing of commodity market increases, various tax items and our very strong first half performance in 2007.  Given the tough comparables we are very pleased with our Q2 performance. As you know we manage the business for the long-term and we will drive performance through an ongoing commitment to investing in great ideas that keep consumers engaged and aware of our brands and their benefits.  Our second half innovation pipeline looks solid and we continue to focus on maximizing the value of our advertising dollars. Our business model and strategy continued to deliver strong results despite unprecedented volatility in the commodity and energy markets. To help recover some of these cost increases we are executing additional pricing across many of our businesses. On the cost side we will continue to aggressively focus on SG&A optimization, productivity initiatives and longer term projects funded through up front cost investments.  As another sign of our continued confidence we also announced this morning that our Board of Directors approved another $500 million share repurchase authorization. As you know we completed our $650 million authorization during the first quarter. We do not anticipate that the purchases will have a meaningful impact on this year's EPS as we plan to commence the repurchase late this year using our balance sheet cash.  Now I'd like to turn it over to John to discuss the financials.
John Bryant: Slide 4 highlights our financial performance. Reported sales increased by 11% in the second quarter, lapping last year's strong 9% growth. Internal sales growth, which excludes the effect of foreign exchange and our recent acquisitions, was 6% building on last year's strong 6% growth. Both reported and internal operating profit rose 2% against last year’s tough comp of 12% reported growth and 9% internal growth.  We achieved this performance despite significantly higher commodity costs and a double digit increase in advertising offset by lower up front project costs. For the full year we still anticipate a mid single digit increase in internal operating profits.  Our second quarter earnings per share rose 9% to $0.82 compared to last year’s $0.75/. Let’s turn to page five to discuss our second quarter net sales growth components.  As you can see our price and mix initiatives continue to flow through with solid 4.7% growth. The price component contributed 3.4% of the total, even more than the first quarter's 2.7% contribution and significantly ahead of last year. We continue to expect the price component to be higher in 2008 than prior years.  Tonnage provided 1.3% growth and foreign exchange had a 3.1% impact on our sales. Our recent acquisitions performed well [inaudible] in the second quarter.  Let's turn to slide six to discuss our advertising investments. We continue to increase our investment in advertising with double digit growth in the second quarter on top of last year's double digit growth. Our commitment to advertising investment is a key component of our strategy and our strong execution gives us the confidence that we will continue to achieve our goals.  As we previously discussed we are also driving a series of initiatives across brand building to further improve the efficiency and effectiveness of these investments. For example, we are driving cost savings through more efficient global media purchasing and production efficiencies. We will continue to focus on other efficiencies in our advertising spending as we move forward.  Let's turn to slide seven to discuss gross profit. Our gross profit for the quarter was $1.4 billion, a 5% increase over Q2 of last year. As you know, our focus is on gross profit dollars as this is what allows us to continue to grow our investments in advertising and innovation. On a year-to-date basis, gross profit was $2.8 billion, a 6% increase over 2007.  For the full year we still anticipate gross profit dollars will rise at a mid single digit rate. As some of you anticipated our gross profit margin during Q2 declined by about 250 basis points to 43.2% versus last year’s tough comparable when gross profit rose by about 120 basis points.  Contributors to the decline were our recent acquisitions which reduced gross margin by about 70 basis points as well as incremental commodity, fuel, energy and benefits inflation. Offsetting these were the benefits of price, mix, productivity initiatives and operating leverage. We now anticipate gross margin will decline by approximately 200 basis points for the full year, up from our prior estimate of 150 basis points driven largely by our increased inflation estimate which I will come back to in a moment as well as our recent acquisition in China.  About half of the full year growth margin decline was due to our recent acquisition as well as higher up front costs in cost of goods while the remaining decline was driven by commodity inflation. As you know even though we have tried to offset inflation the map leads to a lower gross profit margin as a percent of sales.  Let's turn to slide eight for further discussion on our inflation outlook. Our full year outlook now includes approximately $0.90 of incremental commodity, fuel, energy and benefits inflation versus our prior estimate of $0.80. If we consider all cost pressures, the full impact of inflation of cost of goods is estimated to be approximately 9% for full year.  While we anticipate continued volatility in the commodity markets our business model and strategy give us the ability to manage through this volatility. On the cost side we have met the challenges through our continued drive for productivity savings and a focus on managing SG&A costs.  On the revenue side we are focused on strong innovation backed by advertising support as well as price realization. These proactive actions have allowed us to meet or exceed our original targets despite significant cost volatility.  Let's turn to slide nine to discuss our operating profit. As expected total internal operating profit rose by 2% versus last year's strong 9% growth. The quarter was helped by our strong sales execution, price mix and productivity initiatives and was offset by significantly higher commodity inflation as well as a double digit increase in advertising. Our North American business reported an internal operating profit increase of 5.3% building on last year's 11% growth. This resulted from a mid single digit increase in sales as well as productivity savings and lower up front cost investments and was partially offset by significant cost inflation. Our European internal operating profit declined 4% versus last year’s difficult 19% comparison. Performance was driven by higher commodity costs and a strong increase in advertising investment.  In Latin America operating profit rose by 2.1% including the impact of commodity cost increases and higher advertising spending. In Asia Pacific internal operating profit increased by 1.4% despite a double digit increase in advertising.  Up front costs for the quarter totaled $0.04 per share including a $0.03 charge in corporate SG&A to eliminate the reload feature that was a part of our employee stock option program grant until 2004. The elimination of this feature from those grants will result in a lower option expense going forward.  Below the operating profit line interest expense was $77 million in line with last year and other income expense was an $8 million expense. The tax rate declined to 29.9% and we benefited from fewer shares outstanding.  Let's turn to slide 10 to review cash flow. In Q2 cash flow was $329 million versus last year's $280 million. Year-to-date cash flow is above our expectations at $510 million versus last year’s $569 million. Cash flow benefited from higher operating profit and other strong improvement in working capital. In fact, our cash conversion cycle improved by three days over last year to an impressive 22 days.  For the full year we continue to expect cash flow of $1 billion to $1.75 billion.  Let's turn to page 11. For the full year we continue to expect mid single digit revenue growth driven by both strong execution and price realization. Operating profit is also expected to rise at a mid single digit rate driven by revenue growth, productivity initiatives, operating leverage and lower up front costs. We now expect earnings to be between $2.95 and $3.00 per share.  We anticipate full year up front costs of about $0.14 per share in 2008 while we have determined that at least $0.03 of the 53rd week’s profit are being invested in the new acquisitions and we are still evaluating alternatives for the remaining $0.02.  Below the operating profit line we expect interest expense to be slightly lower compared with last year and other income expense is forecasted to be a $0.02 to $0.03 expense for the full year. Our full year tax rate is still expected to be approximately 31%. Finally, our additional $500 million share repurchase is not expected to materially impact our 2008 EPS.  Although we generally do not provide quarterly guidance we want to give you a feel for the shape of the second half outlook. During the third quarter we will once again face tough comparables due to 2007’s lower tax rate which was driven by discreet items. We expect to post the year's highest EPS growth in the fourth quarter due to last year's high Q4 tax rate and the 53rd week.  The strength of our business model and strategy give us the confidence that we can meet our goals despite the volatile commodity and economic environment that we are experiencing today. We will continue to invest for the future to deliver sustainable and dependable long-term performance.  Now I’d like to turn it back to David for slide 12.
David Mackay:  If we start in North America where we posted solid growth versus last year's strong 6% our growth was broad based across all the business units and we’ll discuss each business unit in more detail starting with slide 13.  North American cereal grew sales grew 5% during Q2, building on last year's growth. The [inaudible] cereal category growth remains strong and we are very pleased with our performance in the current competitive environment. During the quarter our IRI measured channel share declined by about one point driven by a significant increase in our largest competitor’s incremental or trade driven sales.  However, when we include the impact of retail in the non-measured channel we achieved a significantly better performance. In addition, price realization was strong and our price per pound in measured channels rose 4%. Our solid price mix performance resulted from the realization of our price increases and innovation like Special K Cinnamon Pecan.  In addition, Corn Pops sales showed strong growth for the quarter. As we discussed last quarter our cereal box size adjustments have now been completed. Kashi once again posted another double digit sales increase driven by GOLEAN Crunch and Organic Promise. Our second half innovation included introductions from Mini Wheats, Smart Start and Kashi franchises.  Our Canadian sales also rose by mid single digits driven by innovation like Special K Satisfaction and the accelerated expansion of Kashi where we saw strong cereal growth.  Let's turn to slide 14 to discuss our snacks performance. Snack sales rose a strong 6% in Q2 on top of last year's exceptional 9% comp. As we discussed during the Q1 call the transition of Kashi cookies, crackers and bars, as well as fruit snacks to DSD continues to deliver solid results.  Sales of Kashi snacks are up sharply due to significant increases in distribution and quality merchandising. Our snacks business will continue to be driven by innovation and our recently announced second round of pricing.  Let's turn to slide 15 to look at more detail on the quarter. Our Pop Tarts business posted a slight sales decline verse last year's growth. While we achieved mid single digit growth from our core Pop Tarts we were still lapping last year’s Go Tarts sales which are now declining.  Our cracker business continues to post strong results with sales rising double digits during the quarter and we gained one point of market share. Innovation performed well ahead of expectations with products like Cheez-It [duos] and Town House Flip Sides driving all of our share gains.  Our cookie business also achieved low single digit sales growth in Q2 as the category showed good growth and we achieved IRI share gains. We had strong performance from brands like Chips Deluxe, Fudge Shoppe and Rite Bites Portion Control Packs.  Second half innovation was strong with the return of Hydrox by popular demand. Growth in our whole foods snacks business was driven by products like Rice Crispies Treats and Kashi TLC Chewy Granola Bars.  If we turn to slide 16 we can discuss our frozen and specialty channels performance. Frozen and specialty channels had another great quarter with sales rising 10% versus  last year's 7% comp. Our frozen sales grew at double digits which drove share gains across the business. Key to our growth was great innovation supported by strong advertising and promotion. Eggo waffles, pancakes, and french toast varieties achieved solid base sales growth. In addition, new innovation performed well including new Eggo Mini Muffin Tops resulting in frozen breakfast IRI share gains of more than two points during the quarter. The Morningstar Farms veggie foods business also turned in another solid quarter as our healthy lifestyle message grows strong consumption.  Once again our Kashi all natural frozen entrée’s and pizzas performed very well and ahead of expectations. We drove IRI market share gains and we have just recently launched some new Kashi pocket bread sandwiches.  Our specialty businesses also achieved strong mid single digit growth in food service and vending channels during Q2.  If we turn to slide 17 we can review our international business performance. You can see on the slide that our international business posted another solid quarter with internal sales rising 6% versus last year's 6% growth. Sales growth was broad based around the world.  Let's turn to slide 18 to discuss this in further detail. In Europe we achieved solid 5% internal sales growth on top of last year's strong 7% increase. Our solid U.K. performance was above expectations driven by category growth and strong execution in both our cereal and snacks business.  We also achieved growth in Italy as well as the Nordics, [inaudible] and the Middle East regions. In addition, our European snacks business achieved double digit sales growth driven by solid performance across the region. We are also pleased to report that the integration and development plan for a United Bakers acquisition in Russia is progressing well.  In Latin America we posted 7% internal sales growth versus last year's strong 8% increase. Growth was broad based with mid single digit increases in both cereal and snacks. We saw solid growth in Mexico behind our core brands. In addition, we saw good growth in Central America, Venezuela and Brazil.  Our Asia Pacific business unit posted solid 9% internal sales growth. In the very competitive Australian market our cereal business grew mid single digits driven by brands like Nutrigrain, Special K and All Bran. Our South Africa, India and South Korea businesses once again achieved double digit growth largely driven by per capita growth in ready to eat cereal.  For the rest of 2008 we will continue to invest in advertising and innovation to drive further growth in these markets.  Let's turn to slide 19 to talk about our second half innovation. Our innovation plans give us additional confidence in our sales and price mix contribution. While this is only a sample of the new products we're introducing you can see that the variety spans geographic regions and categories. Our long term goal is for innovation introduced in the prior three years to account for roughly 15% of current year's sales.  As you know we have exceeded this goal in recent years and it is the contribution from this innovation that has helped drive our mix performance.  If we turn to slide 20 for a summary. We are very pleased with our 2008 year-to-date performance. We came into 2008 anticipating earnings of $2.92 to $2.97 per share including more than $0.65 of incremental commodity, fuel, energy and benefits inflation. Despite our current expectation of approximately $0.90 of inflation we have increased our earnings expectation to $2.95 to $3.00 per share. We have responded to these challenging times by continuing to make the right decisions for the long term. We will achieve our increased targets while countering the cost headwinds by driving price realization as well as increased cost and productivity savings. This is strength of our consistent business model and strategy. We also expanded our geographic footprint with the addition of United Bakers in Russia and Navigable Foods in China. Both acquisitions represent exciting opportunities to help build sustainable and dependable growth in the future.  Overcoming the volatility we are experiencing today requires a strong and dedicated work force and Kellogg employees have met the current challenges, executing our business plans with excellence. They continue to drive cost savings, innovation and strong marketing execution.  Our long term growth will be driven by our commitment to investing in great ideas and keeping consumers engaged with our brands and their unique benefits. Our focus remains steadfast on continuing our consistent track record of delivering sustainable and dependable growth.  With that I'd like to open it up for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Alex Patterson – RCS. 
Alex Patterson – RCS:  On your cost of goods 9% increase, I just wanted to get a sense of that. That is inclusive of all the hedging initiatives you put in place at the beginning of the year? 
David Mackay:  That is correct. 
Alex Patterson – RCS: I believe you said you were probably in the order of 80-85% covered at that point? 
David Mackay:  That is correct. 
Alex Patterson – RCS: And that number still pretty much holds? 
David Mackay:  That number is now higher. We are probably about 90% hedged where we can hedge. There are clearly some items you can’t hedge but we have taken as much hedging for this year as we can and I think for that reason we feel very confident about the year even though volatility in commodities and energy remains high. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: I guess you had mentioned that x acquisitions and higher up front spending that are flowing through cost of goods this year your gross margin would be down about 100 basis points for the full year. I guess 200 including all that. I guess that is not dramatically out of line in kind of what we have seen with a lot of food companies but maybe a bit at the lower end. I guess I just thought with your productivity plan both with the base productivity and all the up front projects you have been doing perhaps you’d be maybe better equipped than some of your peers to sort of deal with some of this.  I’m just curious what some of the differences might be. Is it in the way you are hedged versus others do you think? Is it the way some of the commodity costs have hit you versus others? Or is there something around operating leverage that perhaps you are not seeing that you want to? I’m just trying to get a sense of that. I would think you would be frankly better equipped than many others. 
David Mackay:  I think we are in pretty good shape with broadly offsetting inflation with pricing and when you do that the mass clearly will drive down your gross profit margin percent. As we have said before we are very much focused on gross margin dollars. They are going to be up mid single digits for the year. That enables us to invest back in the business to drive sustainable and dependable performance and I think what you are seeing now in our current momentum and strong first half with all of the investments we have made and continuing focus on cost reductions and efficiency gains actually enabling us to weather a fairly volatile environment. We still continue to perform with a heavy degree of confidence about the future. So I think we are in pretty good shape. Others are doing a variety of things on hedging. I don’t really want to get into that. We have a fairly conservative approach where we try to take volatility out. I think while you can hedge things roll off eventually and you do need to price for the market and the way you view it.  We feel good about where we are and where we are going. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch. 
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch:  First, John you mentioned with respect to the 53rd week I think the $0.03 would be attributable to reinvestment towards acquisitions and $0.02 would be to be determined. From that I took that the full $0.05 would be reinvested. But then later on when you were talking about year-over-year growth on the break out between the third and fourth quarter you mentioned the extra week as being a factor in the fourth quarter. Is that just a timing difference? Could you explain that to me a bit? 
John Bryant:  That’s right Eric. The 53rd week will be reinvested back in the business but we will reinvest that back in the business across the year. In fact we have already started with some of the investment in Q1 and Q2 as we make those acquisitions. Then all of the reported benefit of the 53rd week comes in the fourth quarter. Somewhere between $0.03 and $0.02 yet to be determined. 
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: To pick up on David’s comment about the reality of hedges continually rolling off. I know it is early in the year about a quarter earlier than you typically give outlook for the following year but given the commodity volatility and what was still a significant benefit from hedging this year could you give us some sort of feeling as to how you are looking at the commodity picture for next year? Do you have any coverage in place yet? Should we expect any kind of a step change as the coverage from this year rolls off? 
David Mackay:  It is a bit early to give too much on 2009. Our expectation for 2009 is that we will see cost inflation again. Not in our view at this point to the levels of 2008 but likely above what we saw in 2007. That is the current basis on which we are planning for the future. At this early stage we feel that is appropriate. We have taken some coverage but it is not dramatic at this point. As you were saying the markets remain extremely volatile but our belief is, as we have said to our investors over the last 18-24 months, we are in a new upwards cycle in commodity inflation and that is our view that we will see a further increase in 2009. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus.   
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  I wanted to ask a few questions just relative to kind of along the same lines. Seemingly shifting along the channels of non-measured channels, I wonder if you could speak to that for Kellogg and particularly I think you said in cereal for example. Related to that your view of kind of the private label trade down. Do you get some feel for what happened to cereal in the second quarter that has become more of an issue or problem for the business? 
David Mackay:  What you are seeing is I think growth is pretty strong in the non-measured and many of the major channels also doing very well. We did pretty well in the non-measured. We did okay in the measured channels. I think what we are seeing is in general a belief that center store sales are actually benefiting from a consumer trade or reduction in consumption. I think casual dining is declining. I think people are buying more through the grocery stores and us and many others are benefiting from that. We would expect that trend to probably continue. So I think that is why we are seeing…as we look at cereal for example growth in the category for the second quarter was probably the strongest we have seen in a number of years. By our estimation while we grew 5 the category was up anywhere from 5-6%. We haven’t seen that level of growth in quite a while so that is a very positive indication that we are seeing people actually move to the grocery store.  We and many others are benefiting from that. I think while consumers are under a lot of pressure and private label is in aggregate doing pretty well our view is that we are seeing the benefit from out of home drop. We have strong brands. We have got strong innovation. As the number one or number two in the categories in which we compete we don’t think it is going to have a massive impact on us. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Could you just clarify one comment from John before on the $0.03 charge that is actually in this quarter and then reversed in the second half? 
John Bryant:  The $0.03 charge in the second quarter is the charge of eliminating the reload feature of the options we have outstanding. So what will happen is we will have lower option expense going forward. There will be some of that in the back half of this year and we will have a full run rate in 2009. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Is it a $0.03 benefit in 2009 then? 
John Bryant:  It is. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: I wanted to ask a couple of questions if you don’t mind. The first is a big picture question. With all the discussions you have had with retailers and activity you have had taking pricing what do you think would happen in the second half of this year or first half of next year in commodities particularly wheat, corn, soy, etc. if they continued their relatively precipitous declines? Do you think it would change the pricing dynamic in a meaningful way? 
David Mackay:  No, I think we have said we price typically behind inflation. We took a round of pricing at the beginning of this year that we though out offset inflation in 2008. We are taking incremental pricing across a lot of the businesses in the second half because inflation as we said exceeded our expectations. We typically do price behind inflation and the reasons for that is the one you are mentioning. We don’t want to price and then see a commodity and costs drop precipitously. I have to tell you that is not our view. Some of the reductions we are seeing while they might look dramatic when you think of where they come from and even with our today most of the major commodities are more than double what we would have seen 2-3 years ago.  We are in a very different environment from a commodity and energy perspective and our view is that will persist. Some things could drop. Others will continue to go up. In aggregate we think we will continue to see inflation as we go forward. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia:  On United Bakers it seems to be there could be a huge opportunity here. I know it is an unorthodox way of looking at it, but Kellogg’s has about $440,000 in sales per employee. This company you just bought in Russia, a very fast growing market, has about $25,000 in sales per employee. It seems like there are some differences there but I know it is probably not 90% different. Is there a huge opportunity to leverage distribution there? How soon can we see new Kellogg products sort of going through that distribution network? 
David Mackay:  I think that acquisition is going to prove a great one for us in the medium to long term. We are looking at the opportunities. Russia is a market that continues to grow rapidly. I think we have bought a fantastic platform for cookies, crackers and cereal off which we can no doubt expand and grow into the future. Yes, we did inherit with the acquisition a lot of employees. We intend to utilize them to continue to grow that business into the future. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: Can you give us any sense of what products may be first and how soon we would see new products in there? 
David Mackay:  We’ll roll that out for you when everything is finalized and we are closer to actually talking to the market participants. There is a lot of work going on as we speak to ensure we have the opportunity to maximize that business as we go forward. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: If I could just ask a question on Europe. I understand the difficult comparison with last year but the first quarter did as well and the top line grew substantially in the second quarter. I’m just wondering what the difference was between 1Q where you grew a great profit and 2Q where it declined? 
David Mackay:  I think as we said on the call when the second quarter last year our operating profit grew 19%. This year it was down 4%. Through a very, very tough comp commodities as we said in the last couple of calls while it was predominately a Latin America/U.S. issue it has now spread to the EU over the last 12 months. That impacted us and also United Bakers, the acquisition in Russia, had an impact on our profit. So we feel pretty good about Europe. It is a challenging market but we are doing pretty well at the moment. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: The other question I had was just to make sure and I think this is the case…some companies have been reporting different types of hedging gains or losses within their results and I assume there was nothing material for you in that regard? 
John Bryant:  Nothing significant. Most of our hedges get hedge accounting treatment. Within our other income expense you will see we are in a slight expense position. Because we are expensing some premiums on commodity options through that line. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: A big part of the story for Kellogg over the years has been the mix to higher dollar per pound items. I’m just wondering as you see a consumer that is weakening whether you have reassessed your portfolio or at least taken another look at whether it is possible that consumers could trade down to lower dollar per pound items? Are there any parts of your portfolio you think you might want to emphasize at value offerings to consumers? 
John Bryant:  We’ll see and we are watching that closely. If you look at mix year-to-date for this year we are at about 1.6. If you look at the prior three years we were around 2. So it is pretty similar. We could see a mix within our portfolio where people go to more basic foods within the Kellogg portfolio. We are fortunate that in most of our portfolio the operating margins and returns are pretty good. We don’t…it is a concern to watch but at this point we are not seeing it. Who knows what the future holds but at this stage we feel very good about our business and our portfolio in aggregate. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Gross profit dollars I think getting back to I think it was Andrew’s question, the gross profit dollars up mid single digit. John can you kind of dice and slice that to the extent we exclude M&A and we exclude 53rd week? Are gross profit dollars for the full year expected to be flat if we exclude some of these items? 
John Bryant:  The M&A does not have a significant impact on it because of the margin structure of the businesses we are acquiring. The 53rd week also is not a significant driver of that. It would be probably around that mid single digits, maybe a little bit lower than that with a little bit of foreign exchange getting in that. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: As a follow-up, we have been hearing some companies getting more concerned about the European consumer. I guess there is also some concerns in emerging markets as to whether the consumer holds in there. Dave perhaps you can take us on a little bit of a tour around the world as to kind of what Kellogg is seeing from the consumer outside the U.S. 
David Mackay:  I think when you go to Europe there are a couple of markets there that for a variety of reasons are demonstrating a little bit of weakness; Spain has a particularly tough economic environment at the moment. While our business is doing okay there I think in general terms consumers are under pressure. That is true in France. I think if you speak to most companies I think 75% of the grocery categories in France are down due to economic conditions. Retailers there have actually cut inventories pretty significantly so we are seeing a little bit of weakness there. Whether that persists depends on whether that inventory cut is one-time as one would expect.  In aggregate we grew 5% so even with a couple of markets showing a little bit of weakness our business in totality continues to do well. We do track what is going on with private label and hard discounters. As always there is a concern there but that is still growing and we haven’t seen a massive acceleration. You go to markets like Latin America and we saw pretty good growth. There were a couple of markets there that I’ll point out were a little bit weaker than normal. Venezuela we grew double digits but it was significantly lower than we have seen for awhile. The key reason was there was an issue with milk and the price of milk and there was no milk available in Venezuela for probably the first 3-4 months of this year.  As you can imagine, in the cereal business that can be a little problematic. So our growth there was significantly slower than it had been in the prior year. Then Columbia the economy is a little weak there. I’m not sure you can draw any aggregate conclusions from any of that. It is all isolated. Again, in Latin America our business grew 7% and while we are watching it at this point we feel fairly comfortable with the future for our business and the strength of our brand and continued factors and innovations should hold us in pretty good stead. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens – JP Morgan. 
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan:  Back on the cereal topic for a second, certainly a good growth rate. That is not what we see in Nielsen I know which only gives us part of the picture. Can you kind of pars what you are seeing in terms of the growth rate in the measured channels versus WalMart and or unmeasured I should say in the aggregate and also if you could give us an update on market share now that we are kind of nearing the end of General Mills’ strategy? 
David Mackay:  I think on the category, as I said earlier, we believe the category across all channels grew anywhere from a low of 5 to a high of 6%. If you look at the IRI data through the 13 weeks ending the 29th of June it was up 3.6%. Typically would add anywhere between 2-3% of that to get to the overall market. So you can see that while IRI is 3.6 the category is doing significantly better in aggregate. Let’s call it 5.5%. We grew 5% so we did lose share in measured channels. We lost one share point. I think one of our competitors was aggressive there and are probably lapping a weak comp because of their Right Size Right Price initiative last year but incremental up 42% for a 13-week period was a long time. We’ll probably see in the third quarter with our lapping weakness again they will probably do well and that side of our business might not look so good but we are very comfortable with the way our cereal is going.  I have to tell you we have started well as we go into Q3 so the cereal category actually does appear to be benefiting from this overall change in consumer behavior where out of home consumption and casual dining looks to be down at least double digits and center store in aggregate does appear to be picking a lot of that up as consumers buy more and eat more at home. I think that is reflected not only in cereal but across a number of the categories in which we compete where we are seeing relatively strong and maybe even marginally stronger growth than we have seen over the last couple of years.  Does that get at your question Terry? 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of David Driscoll – Citi.
David Driscoll – Citi:  Gentlemen on the last two calls you highlighted that the first half earnings faced very difficult earnings comparisons. Second quarter earnings are up 9%, a very solid number. David I’d just like to ask you, what specifically came in better versus your plan in the second quarter? Can you call out a couple of factors? 
David Mackay:  Yes, top line was strong. While we got impacted by high commodities in the quarter and we had tough comps and we had a tax benefit last year that we didn’t have this year our tax rate actually was positive in the quarter. So I think it was more the momentum and strength of the top line in the quarter across almost all the markets. We saw broad based growth almost everywhere and typically we will have a pocket of weakness somewhere but in aggregate it is pretty hard to come up with one in the second quarter as far as top line goes. 
David Driscoll – Citi:  In the U.S. cracker business it looks like competitive activity is picking up there. Can you talk to us a little bit about trends for Kellogg and your new product plans that are coming? I did notice but I’m just curious if there was any other announcements on new products in crackers? 
David Mackay:  Yes we have a few things coming out. Our innovation we kicked off in the first half of the year continues to actually grow and that is really the Cheez-Its Duos and the Townhouse Slip Sides and I think we are going to see a further momentum and up side from that. We have a low fat white cheddar Cheez-It coming out and a couple of other innovations. Our innovation through the first half I still think has legs through the second half and we are going to enhance on those as we go forward.  The whole category in crackers and cookies again very strong. We saw strong growth and even though we priced early in the year we have announced a second price increase for the back part of the year because probably if you look at snacks it is probably one of the most negatively impacted from a commodities inflation perspective as we look across our portfolio.  I think the category is going to continue to do well and I think all players can continue to grow and succeed. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: A question on commodity comps. I know you said last quarter it was $0.15 a share you were facing. Could you let us know what it was for this quarter? Given that outlook for commodities what are the primary drivers of the better EBIT growth that you are expecting in the second half of 2008? I know you mentioned some of them earlier but could you repeat them? Is it mostly pricing? Is it a slow down in the up front costs? Is it better productivity improvements coming through? Is it a slow down in marketing spend? Could you just give us an idea of which of those factors you think are the most important? 
David Mackay:  I’ll let John take the commodity inflation in Q2 because I think we have got the number. In the back half as John said the third quarter is going to be a challenge. The fourth quarter is going to be very strong. A number of factors in that. One time costs from last year. Our increase in advertising was extremely high. Our expectation would be while we will have strong advertising we won’t see the levels of increase we saw in the fourth quarter last year. In general terms I think when you look at third quarter the commodity impact is higher there than it is in fourth.  Those are some of the things. John do you want to follow-up? 
John Bryant:  The commodity impact in the second quarter was about $0.24. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Judy Hahn – Goldman Sachs. 
Judy Hahn – Goldman Sachs:  First, in terms of the price gap versus private labels in cereal has the trend changed in any way up or down? 
David Mackay:  Not dramatically. I think we are seeing them price maybe slightly below the branded players in the category but typically that is the lag effect because they get pricing through probably a little slower than the branded players. We are up fourish. They are probably up in the low 3’s. We would expect they will catch up in that. They have cut the amount they promote too because I think they are trying to make their P&L’s work. No real dramatic change in the spreads at this point. As we see historically we are seeing occasionally a particular retailer or two have a greater focus on private label and drive it aggressively and that can tend to skew the data until we dig into it and look at the fundamentals of what is going on.  We’d expect that to continue. In general terms the price gaps really haven’t moved. I think as we look at it while given the consumer is under a fair amount of pressure you’d expect private label to do well. We believe we can continue to do well due to the strength of our brands, our strong innovation and the high quality of our product offerings. 
Judy Hahn – Goldman Sachs: You talked about the incremental pricing in the second half. Can you give us the magnitude of the price increases in the second half particularly if you compared that against the price increases taken at the beginning of the year? 
David Mackay:  No, I haven’t actually done the math. All I’d say is that it is sort of broad across many of the businesses. A lot of them have been announced and some are coming probably in the low single digits. 
Judy Hahn – Goldman Sachs: That is a difference from what you have done earlier in the year? 
David Mackay:  Not dramatically. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Timothy Ramey – DA Davidson. 
Timothy Ramey – DA Davidson:  I’m wondering if you can give me a little more clarity on the change in estimates of $0.90 of cost that you now adopt versus the $0.80 you said before. There weren’t that many things that go worse in Q2 except I suppose energy. Was it the $0.03 from the reset options? What else might have been in there? 
John Bryant:  It was both energy and also edible oils. Those are two I would point out. In general terms anything that is energy based also continues to rise. Across a number of items we did see an increase. 
David Mackay:  To clarify the $0.03 for option expense was not part of that $0.90 expectation. 
Timothy Ramey – DA Davidson: David you mentioned healthy snacks were up but I don’t think you give us an order of magnitude. Is that business doing as well as it has done in the past given a weaker consumer? 
David Mackay:  I think it is growing about mid single digits. It had grown historically probably a little higher than that and our expectation had always been in the medium to long term it would grow mid single digits so it is performing pretty much as we would expect it to perform. We grew about with the category for the quarter so it was a pretty solid performance and it continues to be a category that I think will grow around that level going forward. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Just going back to Europe what steps can you do to reverse the profit trends in Europe? Is it more just doing the same or is there something that the pricing environment can get better? What steps can really change the profit outlook for Europe? 
David Mackay:  I think if you look at the year when we finish the year I think you’ll look back at the year and you’ll go okay the profit in Europe was pretty solid. I wouldn’t be drawing any negatives from a quarter number because the comparatives are the single biggest driver of why it didn’t look so good and I think when we finish the year we’ll look at our European profit and it will be where we expect it to be. It will be relatively healthy. I wouldn’t draw too much from the quarter number because when you are up +9 a year ago and you are down 4 and your aggregate is still pretty healthy out of the 2-year period. 
John Bryant:  We will have more up front costs in Europe this year relative to last year so that will slightly deflate some of the quarter numbers. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Up front costs this quarter on Europe or no? 
John Bryant:  There was a little bit but it wasn’t that significant. 
Operator:  That does conclude today’s question-and-answer session. 
Joel Wittenberg:  We just want to thank everybody for attending our call today. We appreciate your interest.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-01 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Joel Wittenberg - Investor Relations David Mackay – President, Chief Executive Officer John Bryant - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  David Driscoll - Citi Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers David Palmer – UBS 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Kellogg Company 2008 first quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Joel Wittenberg, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Joel Wittenberg: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for a review of our first quarter results and for some discussion regarding our strategy and outlook. With me here in Battle Creek are David Mackay, President and CEO; John Bryant, CFO; and Gary Pilnick, General Counsel. We must point out that certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company’s future performance, including: earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to our second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today’s conference call will be available by phone through Monday evening by dialing 888-203-1112 in the U.S. and 719-457-0820 from international locations. The passcode for both numbers is #2412355 and the call will also be available by webcast which will be archived for 90 days. Now let me turn it over to David.
David Mackay: Thank you, Joel and good morning, everyone. We’re pleased to announce strong first quarter results with solid, broad-based performance across all our regions. Last year’s business momentum continued into the first quarter and our reported sales increased 10% and 5% on an internal basis. We achieved our goal of mid single-digit operation profit growth, while absorbing significantly more cost inflation versus last year.  As we said on our fourth quarter conference call, first half earnings comparisons would be difficult and you can see why we are pleased to have achieved earning per share of $0.81, which is slightly above last year’s very strong first quarter when we had the benefit of a significantly lower tax rate. For the remainder of this year we now anticipate incremental commodity, energy, fuel and benefit costs of approximately $0.80 per share versus our year end estimate of more than $0.65.  However, despite these inflation headwinds we remain confident we will achieve our full year guidance of mid single-digit sales and operating profit growth and earnings per share of between $2.92 to $2.97.  We will invest back into our brands to achieve sustainable and dependable growth and we continue to return cash to our shareholders. We took advantage of our lower share price in the first quarter to complete our full year share repurchases at very attractive levels and we are pleased to advise you that our board of directors plans to increase the dividend by 10% starting in the third quarter. Now I’d like to turn it over to John to take you through the financials.
John Bryant: Thanks, David and good morning, everyone. Reported sales increased by a strong 10% in the first quarter and internal sales growth, which excludes the effect of foreign exchange and our recent acquisitions, was 5%, building on last year’s strong 7% growth. Reported operating profit rose by 9% and internal growth was 6%. As David mentioned, we achieved this despite significantly higher commodity prices versus last year. We also continue to identify upfront investment opportunities. This quarter we continued to implement our European restructuring program and we completed a new program in Latin America. Upfront charges for these investments were about $0.04 per share versus last year’s $0.01. The higher upfront investments reduced our internal operating profit growth by about 3 points to 6%. Our first quarter earnings per share rose $0.01 to $0.81 compared to last year’s strong $0.80 performance. You may remember that last year’s results were driven by a lower tax rate due to some discrete items.  Cash flow was $181 million for the quarter and we still anticipate full year cash flow to be between $1 billion and $1.075 billion.  Let’s look at the results in more detail starting on slide 5. Slide 5 shows our net sales growth. For the first quarter net sales growth was a strong 10%. Internal sales growth was 5.4%. Tonnage and price mix were driven by our strong advertising and innovation, as well as our recent price increases. Tonnage rose 1% and price mix was a solid 4.4%. Of our 4.4% price mix, 2.7% was from price, roughly twice what we saw across 2007.  Foreign exchange had a 3.2% impact on sales. As we indicated at CAGNY our acquisitions of United Bakers in Russia and Bear Naked and Gardenburger in the US had a positive impact on sales. In fact, during the first quarter they added 1.4% to sales. Let’s turn to slide 6 to discuss our advertising spending. As you can see, we continue to increase our investment in advertising with first quarter growth of mid single-digits on top of last year’s double-digit first quarter growth and ahead of our long-term sales growth target. We remain committed to both advertising and promotions to help drive sustainable and dependable growth. While spending more in absolute terms, we are also driving a series of initiatives across brand building, further improving the efficiency and effectiveness of our investments. Let’s turn to slide 7 to discuss gross profit. Our gross margin for the quarter declined by 80 basis points to 41.9%. This was impacted by our recent acquisitions which lowered gross margin by 40 basis points and by the quarter’s upfront charges which reduced our gross profit margin by another 40 basis points. Our focus, however, is on gross profit dollars as this is what allows us to continue to grow our investments in advertising and innovation. Our gross profit for the quarter was $1.4 billion, a $100 million or 8% increase over the first quarter of last year. For the full year, we anticipate the gross profit dollars will grow at mid single-digits. Now let’s turn to slide 8 and a discussion of operating profit by region. Total operating profit rose by 6%, as a result of the quarter’s strong sales. This was impacted by higher commodity inflation, as well as higher investments in advertising and upfront charges. This quarter’s higher upfront charges reduced our operating profit growth by 3%.  Our North American business turned in a strong quarter with internal operating profit rising by 10%, driven by 5% sales growth. Our European internal operating profit declined slightly versus last year. This was a result of higher upfront investments this year, which lowered our operating profit growth by more than 3 points. We are very pleased with this performance when compared to last year’s 18% first quarter growth.  In Latin America, operating profit declined by almost 7%. However, about half of our fist quarter’s upfront charges were taken in Latin America, reducing operating profit by almost 22 points.  Finally in Asia Pacific internal operating profit rose by almost 4% on top of last year’s 4% growth. Let’s turn to slide 9 to review cash flow. You can see the cash flow for the first quarter was a strong $181 million, but below last year’s unusually high $289 million. We continue to drive underlying improvement in core working capital as a percent of sales. For the full year we continued to expect cash flow of between $1 billion and $1.075 billion. Now let’s turn to page 10 to discuss our full year outlook. Our expectation for the full year incremental commodity, energy, fuel and benefits inflation has grown from more than $0.65 per share last quarter to approximately $0.80. The first quarter’s results included about $0.15 per share of the full year’s expectation, leaving about $0.65 of incremental inflation that we expect to be realized for the remainder of the year. We are confident that we will offset the higher inflation estimate with our underlying business momentum, strong cost and mix programs, our solid first quarter performance and fewer shares outstanding. We now expect gross margin will be down approximately 150 basis points year over year for the full year, reflecting our increased impact from commodities. The expected decline for the full year is due to several factors: First, gross margin will be impacted by about 60 basis points due to our recent acquisitions.  Secondly, higher levels of upfront costs recorded in cost of goods this year will have a 30 basis point impact.  Finally, we had also expected productivity initiatives and our recent pricing to more than offset commodity inflation. However, the increase in the expected inflation obviously resulted in some additional margin pressure. We remain confident in our business model. Despite even higher cost pressures and volatility we have not changed our sales, operating profit and earnings guidance and still expect to achieve a full year mid single-digit sales and operating profit growth as well as earnings per share of $2.92 to $2.97.  We still anticipate total upfront costs of about $0.14 per share in 2008 consistent with our historical levels. In addition, as we indicated, we are continuing to evaluate our options for the 53rd week’s profits. We currently expect about half of the benefit to be invested in new acquisitions with the remaining portion yet to be determined.  Below the operating profit line we expect net interest expense to be unchanged compared with the last year and our full year tax rate is still expected to be approximately 31%. So to summarize, despite the volatile cost environment we will continue to reinvest back into the business for sustainable and dependable growth. This is the right way to run the business for the long term. Now I’d like to turn it back over to David on slide 11.
David Mackay: Thanks, John. I am moving now into the business results. You can see that our sales growth was broad-based around the world despite the difficult economic environment. As we mentioned at CAGNY, our businesses generally perform well during recessionary periods and the long-term growth of the business will continue to be driven by our commitment to investing in great ideas and keeping consumers engaged and aware of our brands and their unique benefit.  In addition, we’re aggressively taking actions across our global portfolio and stepping up our focus on cost-saving initiatives, productivity gains and SG&A optimization. Despite the difficult cost and economic environment, we remain confident in our ability to deliver. Now let’s turn to slide 12 which shows the internal growth posted by our North American businesses during the first quarter. We posted a solid 5% growth on top of last year’s strong 7% comp. Our growth was broad-based across all the business units.  Let’s discuss each business unit in more detail, if we could start with slide 13. As you can see, this quarter’s 4% North American cereal sales growth builds on last year’s 4% growth. We continue to be pleased with the strength of our North American cereal business and are committed to its future success. For the first quarter, the category grew about 3% and we gained IRI share through solid innovation and growth in our core brand. In fact, our share grew to more than 35% this quarter driven by an increase in share performance and a 0.5 point increase due to our acquisition of Bear Naked.  Both base and incremental sales growth was strong this quarter. We achieved solid price mix performance as a result of recent price increases and great innovation including Frosted Flakes Gold and All-Bran Strawberry Medley. In addition, our overall Special K line performed well behind the January Resolution Event and the introduction of Special K Cinnamon Pecan. As we announced last year, we are proactively reformulating some of the products marketed to children to meet our global nutrition criteria. We’re committed to delivering the same great taste consumers enjoy and expect from our brands and this effort will be accompanied by continued strong advertising and marketing programs and selective box size adjustments. Turning to Kashi, we posted another great quarter with double-digit sales increases. Recent innovations like GoLean Honey Almond Crunch continue to perform very well and we have more innovation in the pipeline. For the second quarter, we’ll run a trial event around our two new Kashi Granolas, and our new innovation includes Kashi U for adults and Honey Sunshine cereal for the entire family. Also, our Canadian business continued its solid performance with mid single-digit internal growth against tough 2007 comps. This performance was driven by innovations like Special K Satisfaction and Mini-Wheats Cinnamon Streusel as well as double-digit increases in our Kashi business. Let’s turn to slide 14 to discuss snacks. Snacks sales rose 4% in Q1 on top of last year’s very strong 11% comp. We’ve now completed the move of Kashi snacks and fruit snacks into the DSD system. As we mentioned previously, the move resulted in some anticipated sales disruption that affected the first quarter sales. However, now that the transition is behind us, we’re seeing a positive impact.  For example, Kashi cookie sales are up sharply due to a 20 point increase in distribution. We are also seeing significant increases in distribution, quality merchandising and resulting sales for Kashi crackers and wholesome snacks. Obviously we continue to be positive about these moves and the state of our overall snacks business. If we turn to slide 15, we can see more detail on the quarter starting with our Pop-Tarts business which posted sales in line with last year. We continue to see good growth behind our core Pop-Tarts, however we are lapping last year’s Go-Tarts performance.  Our cracker business posted double-digit sales growth in the first quarter resulting in another quarter of IRI reported share growth. Innovations performed well ahead of expectations with product like Cheez-It Duoz and Town House Flipsides pretzel crackers doing very well. Our cookie business achieved low single-digit sales growth during the first quarter in a tough competitive environment with strong performance from focused brands like Fudge Shoppe as well as on-the-go packs like Grips Variety Packs and Right Bites 100-calorie pack. We introduced our new Chips Deluxe and Pecan Sandies take-along packs during the first quarter and they are off to a good start. Our Wholesome Snacks business grew at mid single-digits against tough 2007 comps, driven by our Special K Bliss and Nutri-Grain innovations. During the quarter base sales rose as well. For the second half of the year, we have even more exciting snacks innovations including Special K Cinnamon Pecan bars, Sandies Diet Chocolate Cookies and White Cheddar Reduced Fat Cheez-Its. If you turn to slide 16 we can discuss our frozen and specialty performance. Frozen and specialty channels had a great quarter with sales rising 10% above last year’s 5% comp. Our frozen sales grew at double-digits driving share gains across the business. Eggo waffles, pancakes and french toast varieties achieved solid base and incremental sales growth. In addition, new innovations performed well including Eggo French Toast Waffles and our new Eggo Muffin Tops resulting in frozen breakfast IRI share gains of more than 1 point during the quarter. During the second half, we will introduce new Eggo Bake Shoppe Swirls. The Morningstar Farms veggie foods business also performed well. Innovation continues to be strong with breakfast bites and Asian Veggie burgers. Our Kashi All-Natural Frozen Entrees continue to perform ahead of our expectation. Over the past year, the success of our entrees and pizzas have led to double-digit IRI share gain. We will continue to expand the frozen Kashi business in the second half with the introduction of Kashi Handheld Sandwiches. In addition, our foodservice, convenience, and drug businesses achieved broad-based first quarter growth in these competitive channels. You can see on slide 17 that our international business posted another solid quarter with internal sales growth rising 6% above last year’s 5% growth. Sales growth was broad-based around the world.  If we turn to slide 18, we can discuss that in further detail. In Europe, we achieved solid 5% internal sales growth on top of 6% growth last year. The strong performance was driven by growth in both cereal and snacks. We saw good growth from the UK, France, and Italy as well as the Mediterranean, Nordics, and Benelux regions. In the UK we achieved share gains behind our Special K Slimmer Jeans Challenge and the introduction of Special K Oats & Honey. In addition, our strong snacks performance resulted in share gains in the UK, France and Ireland. In Latin America, we posted 7% internal sales growth above last year’s strong 8% increase. We saw solid growth in Mexico behind our core brand. In addition, we saw good growth in Central America, the Caribbean and Brazil. Our Asia Pacific business unit posted solid 5% internal sales growth. In the very competitive Australian market, our cereal business grew, driven by our core brands and innovation like Coco Pops Chex and Special K Advantage. In Japan, we launched Special K Red Berries in cereal and snack bars and both are off to a good start.  Our India business once again achieved double-digit growth as did our cereal business in South Africa. For the rest of 2008, we will continue to invest in advertising and innovation to drive further growth in these markets.  We’re pleased with our broad-based growth across our business around the world. We executed on every level growing sales, operating profit and earnings per share despite the impact of higher inflation and a higher tax rate. Focusing on sustainable and dependable performance is even more important in the current economic environment of volatile energy and commodity markets. We remain confident in our ability to deliver our goals and we will continue to demonstrate an ability to manage through this tough environment.  Our employees’ commitment to the successful Kellogg business model is steadfast. This year’s innovation is strong and we’ll continue to invest in the business through strong advertising. We feel well positioned to deliver another year of sustainable, dependable growth. With that I’d like to open it up for questions.  
Operator:  Your first question comes from David Driscoll - Citi.
David Driscoll - Citi:  When you talked about the guidance and you talked about the increase to your commodity costs, the message that I got with John’s comment was gross margin is going down because of the incremental commodity hit. It sounds to me like you are not planning additional price increases given the incremental increase in commodity costs thus the gross margin guidance. When we put it all together, does this reduce some of the -- and I don’t know a better word here -- some of the cushion in the guidance that you previously had and that’s how you are maintaining the number today?  The second question just relates on private label pressures, if you would make a comment on that?
David Mackay:  Firstly we don’t comment on future pricing and I think everyone has seen the volatility in commodities and we’ve reflected that in our guidance and feel very confident about the year.  On your second question relating to the private label, we have seen no consistent trends in the categories in which we compete. Our business was very strong across the board in the first quarter in every category and every geography around the world. As we said in the last conference call, we’ve executed pricing in almost every market and every category in which we compete.  John, do you want to talk about margin a little?
John Bryant:  Just going back, David, to your comment on the guidance, the way I think about it is the $0.15 of commodity increase, we’re probably covering about $0.05 of that from things like lower shares outstanding and foreign exchange; good news versus where we were probably three or four months ago. The remaining $0.10 we are going to cover through underlying business momentum, which includes a range of activities such as cost-saving initiatives, margin improvements and pricing.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  On the price realization, if you’d start with how well hedged you are on your input cost inflation for the year? Related to that, it’s just that you saw this unusual spike in the first quarter and you just can’t keep up. I know you don’t want to concentrate on future pricing trends, but there are a lot of companies -- including one this morning -- that talked about having to take another round of pricing. If you could comment on that, that would be great. Thank you.
David Mackay:  I think on the commodities there while we had an increase in the first quarter we did say in the call that there was about $0.15 and that means you’ve got $0.65 left to go, so we’re going to see more through the balance of the year. John just explained how we’re covering that with shares outstanding, FX, and just productivity and momentum of the business.  On price mix, we’re up 4.4%, 2.7% of that came from price which was twice what we saw in the 2007 year so we are seeing very strong price come through. We feel as we said on the call, very confident about the year. Commodities remain volatile. We think we are over 80% hedged. There clearly are some things you can’t hedge, so we feel in pretty good shape for the year, Chris.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia:  John, you mentioned in your comments the movement of Kashi cookies to the DSD network and it seems like there are a number of moves you’ve made like that over the past few years which clearly have a positive impact in terms of operating profit per unit. How much more is left as far as optimizing that DSD network? Can you give us a sense of are there other products in your portfolio that you could move through DSD at a higher profit per unit like Kashi? What inning are you in in terms of optimizing that if we look over the past five years of improving that network?
David Mackay:  I think all I’d say is that our DSD team has done just an outstanding job over the last three, four years in optimizing across all of the levers you can pull in DSD. The recent move came on top of our insourcing the independent routes that we talked about last year. That was a big initiative and then to bring Kashi and fruit snacks onto DSD, to change all of the routes, to go through all of that reconfiguration, a lot of work and effort. They did a great job and I mentioned on the call the 20-point increase we saw in Kashi cookies.  We also saw 9 points of incremental distribution on crackers and 6 points of incremental distribution on the Kashi bars. If you look at the IRI data against those three Kashi cookies, crackers and bars they’re up anywhere between 26% or 80% in the first quarter, so the results are starting to come through.  I think if you were speaking to that team, they’d tell you that they can continue to improve and they’re always looking for opportunities to optimize what they do. We’re probably just going to absorb and focus on all of the work we’ve done in the last six months this year and then any new initiatives we’ll communicate as we go forward.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein:  A question on advertising spending, it seems as though that was up a bit less than sales growth this quarter. How do you see that developing going forward as we go through the rest of the year and how is that linked to the timing of new product launches during 2008?
David Mackay:  I think looking at the year we’re targeting to be up with sales around mid single-digit growth as we’ve told you before. When you look at our budgeted spend over $1 billion we’d always anticipate to be within a point or two of that as far as the year goes. The first quarter the only thing of major significance there was we’re still up mid single-digits on very strong double-digit growth last year.  If you remember we launched the Special K bars and protein beverage last year so we were lapping that. That had a couple of points impact on advertising in the first quarter versus year ago. So we still have a very strong commitment to advertising and investing behind our brands and talking to consumers.  We’ve also said and importantly when you’re spending $1 billion that we are looking at any ways that we can drive our efficiency gains and effectiveness in all that we do so we can optimize the returns that we get on that investment and there are some programs that are going on during the course of this year that we feel very good about.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein:  The timing of the new product launches this year are we on pace? It’s not going to speed up or slowdown as we go forward?
David Mackay:  No it is fairly consistent, very steady through the first quarter and we’ll see more around mid-year and we feel very good about our innovations, very strong. It’ll be strongly supported, so not a dramatic change but a very strong slate of innovation for 2008.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  The Kashi brand you talked about it in little pieces of it here and there. Can you just give us a feeling, because it seems like that is one brand that continues to be able to expand beyond its current categories. Can you give us a view on what other categories you think it can go to, how large you think the brand can be, and do you think it’ll expand geographically?
David Mackay:  Just on Kashi we did say I think at CAGNY that over the last five, six years we’ve seen 40% compound annual growth in that brand. It’s been a very strong growing brand for us. Not sure we’ve actually given exact size but it’s over $0.5 billion as a brand, well over and it continues to grow very strongly.  We’re cognizant that we’ve moved into some new categories. Actually, it’s interesting that if you look at the frozen entrees and pizzas that those attracted new users into the Kashi franchise. Everything we do with that brand has to be consistent with its heritage. It’s typically always seven whole grains, more natural, organic and so the opportunities have to be consistent with the overall essence of the brand.  We’ve got a lot on our plate. We are very happy with it. We’ll keep driving that and anything new, we’ll advise as we go forward.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  Can it go international?
David Mackay:  It’s gone into Canada and it’s starting to really pick up momentum in Canada, very good performance through the first quarter and we believe it will continue to grow strongly there. As far as the whole natural and organic opportunities, we’re exploring a variety of options there and when and if we conclude those, we’ll tell you about them. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  I understand that to-date you haven’t seen any negative impact from consumers trading down to private label across the business, but there’s obviously a lot of pricing still yet to go through across the industry through the balance of the year. At what point do you think you can declare victory that the consumer isn’t going to materially change his or her purchasing behavior? Or is that not a realistic assumption that there won’t be some sort of disruption at some point in time from all the pricing going through?
David Mackay:  It’s a hard one to answer. I think all we’d say, Vincent, is we’ve got strong brands. We have heavy investments in consumer engagement. As I said, we’ve seen no consistent trends in private label categories in which we compete; some are down, some are flat, some are up. Our products mix was very strong through the first quarter. The pricing was actually reflected in market for more than half of the quarter and in some areas and some categories for the whole quarter.  We are seeing broad-based pricing across all players, both branded and non-branded. Given the economic environment in which we’re in, could you see some trading down? Possibly, but we believe our business model and focus on driving our brands and engaging consumers will keep our business healthy and growing.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  As a follow-up to that, Safeway, you’ve probably heard the comments last week that in their particular stores they were seeing substantial trade down, almost 6:1 in the center of the store versus branded sales growth. What do you think when you hear something like that? Do you think it’s just isolated to perhaps they’re overweight in California which one could argue is kind of the epicenter of the real estate bubble, but how do you respond to retailers speaking like that?
David Mackay:  When we’ve typically looked at private label and where it has grown and why, the trends are very, very similar quarter to quarter and year to year. It’s typically two to four retailers in a given quarter that are driving the growth in private label and that’s normally because they’ve taken a position that they want to expand or focus on it. When that happens that normally goes on for two to three quarters. They reach whatever their target is and then they start to ease back and then a couple of other retailers might pick it up.  We have not seen, as we track back through history, we’ve looked at the last two or three recessionary periods, private label has done well in a couple and not so well in another. We’ve done pretty consistently well. Very hard to answer what will happen this year, but we feel very good about our business.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  Your leading competitor in biscuits specifically said that they would have to reduce their trade spending in that category. It also looks like they caught on wheat. Have you changed any of your promoted price points already in biscuits? Is that part of your strategy? Have you seen any kind of unusual benefit this quarter in what the trade was willing to let you merchandize in biscuits perhaps at the expense of competition because of the cuts that they have made in their trade spending?
David Mackay:  Well unfortunately we didn’t see any dramatic easing off in the competitive nature of the category. We took pricing at the end of last year, early this year, our promoted price points did go up. We grew slightly in cookies, even though on IRI data we lost a little bit of share. Crackers were up double-digits, very strong performance. Again for us we priced as we felt we had to. We drove the business hard with some very positive innovation, Cheez-It Duoz and Flipsides pretzel crackers did very, very well. So I think it was a competitive category through the first quarter and we performed pretty well.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  Do you think that they are doing anything dramatically different from what you are doing in terms of your price strategy or your promoted price strategy?
David Mackay:  Nothing that I have observed.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ken Goldman - Bear Stearns.
Ken Goldman - Bear Stearns: So it seems like a strong quarter across geographies, categories and brands; even Australia is doing a little better. Dave, I am wondering which specific brands in your opinion are performing below your expectation and what will it take, whether it’s innovation marketing, maybe even more rational competition to drive their growth to their potential?
David Mackay:  That’s a tough one as you get into specific brands. We talked about categories. I mean, I think the broad-based nature of our growth was across every category in which we compete and almost every geography. So while some things did better in a given quarter than others, brands and/or segments of the business, it’s not like anything is performing in such a poor fashion that I would call it out, Ken.  It is unusual for us to see the consistency and breadth of performance that we saw in the first quarter; it’s great and I think it’s a reflection of the strength of our brands and commitment to drive consumer interest in the categories across everything we do, but there wouldn’t be anything that I’d particularly single out.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank:  Just to clarify something, John. The gross margin in the first quarter year-over-year ex acquisition and ex upfront costs, you said gross margins were actually flat?
John Bryant:  Yes, that’s right. We’re down 80 basis points, but 40 basis points is because of acquisitions; another 40 basis points because of the impact of upfront costs.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank:  That’s actually a very, very strong result relative to what most companies are putting up. They are seeing gross margins actually down. I know you focus on the dollars, but what accounts for, even though you’re raising up the input cost outlook, I mean is it mix and leverage across your fixed assets that’s allowing the margin to be flat ex those two items? It’s pretty good performance, the market doesn’t seem to be reflecting that. I want more clarity on what is driving that performance.
John Bryant:  Eric, I think there are a couple of things in there. One is on the commodity outlook for the year we are saying about $0.80 of additional inflation, only $0.15 in the first quarter so there is obviously a heavier impact in the back three quarters of the year than the first quarter. Also we did have a very good underlying operating performance in the first quarter so we were very pleased with that.  The other big factor as Dave had mentioned as well was our net price realization of about 2.7% in the first quarter was roughly twice what we saw last year and even more than that compared to 2006 so we feel very good about that performance in the first quarter.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank:  David, if I could just follow up on an unrelated question, but Nestle and General Mills with their CPW joint venture have really expanded that business for years. It sounds like based on their comments that they are pretty comfortable with their factories or production facilities around the world. They’re in the markets that they generally need to be in.  Can you characterize the non-US cereal markets and the level of competition, given their seeming focus on bringing more profit out of that business after years of investment, what that means for you longer term and the category?
David Mackay:  Eric, when you look at where we compete head-to-head, I think both of us are growing and doing pretty well. The categories in many markets in Europe are growing quite positively. They are growing throughout Latin America and Asia Pacific. There are a couple of geographies where they are very strong and we have currently little or no presence and that can skew the growth of theirs relative to ours.  But I think overall, we are both seeing good growth. The category remains quite vibrant. In many of the markets, the less developed markets, per capita consumptions are still low so the growth potential going forward is very high. We’ve entered the Russian markets through an acquisition there. It’s cookies, crackers and cereal and we believe over time that platform gives us a great opportunity. We are looking at some of the other markets where we don’t participate and trying to develop an appropriate entry strategy there.  So I think the international markets from a cereal perspective remain vibrant, relatively strong and I think there is room for us to grow and for them to grow too.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers:  I think you’d mentioned with respect to the 53rd week, if I am not mistaken but correct me if I’m wrong, in the last conference call I think you said that you would reinvest the full amount of that 53rd week. I think here you said you are not sure what you are going to do with half of it and half of it might be in acquisitions. I didn’t know if that meant additional acquisitions. I am trying to get a sense of why the change and what will drive your decision on what you do with the other half?
David Mackay:  Andrew, sorry for the confusion there. Just to clarify there, our position actually hasn’t changed. The 53rd week was about $0.05 of good news to this year, about half of that will be spent back integrating the acquisitions that we’ve spoken about before such as Gardenburger, Bear Naked, Russia and other acquisitions we may yet make this year. The remaining half, we have not decided yet how we’re going to invest that back into the business. When we make that decision, we will communicate that at that time.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers:  The targets, obviously, that you talk about around the full year are excluding the 53rd week anyway in terms of the mid single-digit internal sales and operating profit growth?
David Mackay:  That’s right.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers:  What is the best way to think about the base productivity that you’re generating separate from the specific projects that you do and that you call out in your upfront costs? How do we get a sense of how to quantify the base productivity? Is it, do you look at it as a percent of cost of goods annually that you can take down? Have you published anything specifically on that? Because it would seem like that’s got to be also a very big driver of how you’re covering this extreme commodity cost environment, aside from pricing?
David Mackay:  Andrew, I am not sure how much we’ve talked specifically about it, but our global supply chain and R&D group and the purchasing group do a wonderful job of driving efficiencies. We have about a 3% productivity target across the board as a company and that clearly is a critical factor ongoing to helping us offset the volatility and increases in commodities and energy and something that we are very much focused on continuing well into the future. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Palmer - UBS.
David Palmer - UBS:  When you look at your business mix today and think about where Kellogg might be in five to ten years, are you comfortable? I suspect you are comfortable with your brands, categories and the productivity opportunities and even geographies, but how would you want to shift that mix, not just organically by growing what you have got but perhaps rounding that out through M&A or other joint ventures, alliances, whatever as you think about the Kellogg of down the road? Thanks.
David Mackay:  David, without giving you our specific internal targets and desires, we have stated that there is a significant opportunity for us in markets like Russia and Central and Eastern Europe. Through parts of Latin America where we have a very strong business we still see vast growth opportunities and in Asia, including China and India and other markets in Asia we believe that we are sub-scale, that there are opportunities for us to grow and given the faster growth rate of some of those markets that if we can get to where we’d like to be that will enhance our long-term ability to drive sustainable and dependable performance. That’s something we’ll be working on diligently as we go forward.
David Palmer - UBS:  Is a lot of this is going to have to happen just because of the eating patterns overseas and the cultural norms really more in the snacking, particularly?
David Mackay:  Yes, in some market like China for example where cereal, really to eat cereal does not really resonate, clearly other parts of the portfolio will be our primary focus.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Driscoll - Citi.
David Driscoll - Citi:  Retail sales for the cookie portfolio in the food/drug/mass channels plus Wal-Mart estimates were down about 7.2% for the quarter according to our data, although you guys reported I think it was 4% North American retail snacks growth. Can you describe what the discrepancies are? I am getting a lot of questions on this. Are there parts of the snack portfolio or just describe what’s the difference here? Either is the data just completely off or is it the other pieces of the portfolio are making that retail snacks number of 4%, it’s skewing it so much higher because the other pieces are so much stronger?
David Mackay:  David, really if you look at the channel mix compared to the IRI data that will explain cookies where we grew but yet if you looked at IRI it looks like we declined. Crackers, we just had a very, very strong quarter and again if you look at IRI consumption that was broad-based and we did better across the total business than just in the IRI data which does typically tend to understate. Likewise on wholesome snacks we said mid single-digits against tough comps year ago.  So some of it was because of the strength in non-measured channels and just a general probably understatement of the overall growth of the categories that you typically see in IRI versus what we would see and that’s consistent across many of the categories in which we compete, so that’s really the simple answer.
David Driscoll - Citi:  So bottom line then is looking at this minus 7 number on cookies is just not talking about the true strength of the business across all channels because that number was a bit concerning, but it doesn’t sound like it’s really indicative of the overall business?
David Mackay:  No, the number we’re looking at is minus 6.2 but probably the data difference, we grew our overall shipments in cookies across all channels and all categories.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Joel Wittenberg: Thank you very much everybody for listening in.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Joel R. Wittenberg - Vice President, Treasury and Investor Relations A.D. David Mackay - President and Chief Executive Officer John Bryant – CFO 
Analysts:  Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns David Driscoll - Citigroup  Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities  David Palmer - UBS Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co.  Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan  Eric Katzman - Deutsche Banc Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers  Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Linda Donnelly - Franklin Management Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Todd Duvick - Banc of America  
Operator:   Welcome to the Kellogg Company 2007 fourth quarter and full year earnings call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I will like to turn the call over to Joel Wittenberg, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wittenberg, you may begin your conference.
Joel R. Wittenberg: Thank you, Lisa and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for a review of our fourth quarter results and for some discussion regarding our strategy and outlook.  With me here in Battle Creek are David Mackay, President and CEO; John Bryant, CFO; and Gary Pilnick, General Counsel. We must point out that certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company’s future performance including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today’s conference call will be available by phone through Monday evening by dialing 888-203-1112 in the U.S. and 719-457-0820 from international locations. The passcode for both numbers is 6083848. The call will also be available via webcast which will be archived for 90 days. Now let me turn it over to David.
A. D. David Mackay: Thank you, Joel and good morning, everyone. We’re pleased to report another year of strong performance by Kellogg Company. Highlights include reported sales grew 8% and internal sales rose more than 5%, in line with our 2007 guidance and above our long-term guidance driven by both price mix and volume growth.  Reported operating profit rose 6% and internal operating profit rose 3%. For the first time cash flow rose above $1 billion and earnings per share rose 10% above our long-term growth target of high single-digits.  We achieved these results by sticking to our business model and focusing on sustainable performance despite absorbing very high levels of commodity, fuel, energy and benefit inflation. We continue to invest in the long-term health of the business. In fact, our advertising rose at double-digits to more than $1 billion. We also benefited from a lower tax rate due to some discrete items and we reinvested that benefit back into the business. Our upfront cost investments totaled $0.18.  Given our investments and excellent execution and despite a volatile commodity environment, we enter 2008 with confidence in our ability to continue to deliver strong results. Therefore, we are affirming our 2008 guidance. Now I would like to turn it over to John to take you through the financials.
John Bryant : Thanks, David and good morning, everyone. For the full year, reported sales grew 8% and 5% on an internal basis consistent with our most recent guidance. Reported operating profit rose by 6% and internal operating profit rose by 3% and full year upfront costs were $0.18 per share versus $0.14 in 2006.  In addition, full year incremental commodity, fuel, energy, and benefits inflation was $0.32 per share, in line with our prior estimate. As we anticipated, fourth quarter earnings were slightly lower at $0.44 as our tax rate rose to about 34%. For the full year, earnings per share grew by 10% to $2.76, ahead of our initial and most recent guidance. This was driven by our strong operating performance, a full year 29% effective tax rate and share repurchases. Cash flow was $1.031 billion.  Let’s look at these results in more detail. Slide 5 shows our net sales growth. For the full year, net sales growth was a strong 8%. Price mix was 3.3% higher due to pricing actions, continued trade spend efficiency and improved mix. Tonnage added about 2.1% and currency contributed 2.6%. For the fourth quarter, net sales growth was 8.1% and 4.7% on an internal basis. Now let’s turn to our advertising spending on slide 6. As you can see we significantly increased our advertising this year. In fact, our advertising rose above $1 billion for the first time to end the year at $1.063 billion. Not only are we spending more; we are doing it more efficiently. We have increased our presence with more targeted communications at a lower cost, allowing us to invest more into our best ideas. Going forward, we will continue to review that spending for further efficiencies. Advertising is an essential part of our business model and we have even more investment planned for 2008. Let’s turn to slide 7 to review our gross profit performance. 2007 gross profit was $5.2 billion, a $350 million or 7% increase over last year. This increased gross profit in dollars helped fund our advertising and innovation growth. As expected, our full year gross margin percent declined 44%. This was driven by significantly higher commodity inflation, which is mostly offset by cost-savings initiatives, pricing mix, lower upfront costs and operating leverage. Now, let’s turn to slide 8 for a discussion of operating profit by region. Total operating profit rose 3.1% as a result of strong sales offset by a double-digit increase in advertising and higher upfront investments.  In North America, operating profit was flat due to higher input advertising and upfront investments. These additional upfront challenges reduced our operating profit growth by 2.3%.  2007 was another great year for our European business unit. Full year operating profit rose 14.2% as results were positively impacted by this year’s lower upfront investments. The lower upfront cost in 2007 increased the operating profit growth by about 3%.  In Latin America, full-year internal operating profit fell 4.7% reflecting increased investment in advertising as well as high commodity inflation. Sales in Latin America continued to be strong, up 9% for the year. Finally in Asia Pacific, full year internal operating profit decreased by 9.5% or $9 million due primarily to the continued challenges in the Australian market. The rest of our Asian business units performed very well in both cereal and snacks with net sales and operating profit growing at double-digits.  We indicated last quarter that about 40% of the year’s inflation would be concentrated in the fourth quarter and that was certainly the case. Below the operating profit line, net interest was approximately unchanged and our full year tax rate was about 29%. Our Manage for Cash operating principle continued to drive cash flow. Kellogg employees around the world know the importance of focusing on cash flow for 2007 to more than $1 billion. Core working capital was relatively flat as a percent of sales as favorable payables were offset by an increase in inventories due to higher input prices. As you can see on slide 10, we also put this cash to good use. We continued to utilize our cash flow for dividends and share repurchases. Over the last three years, we have returned more than $3.3 billion of cash to shareholders. We have increased our dividend per share by more than 20% since 2005, repurchased almost $2 billion of our stock and invested significantly in future growth initiatives. As you know, our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program of another $650 million for 2008. Slide 11 summarizes our strong 2007 performance. In 2007, we absorbed another year of even greater cost inflation. We made higher upfront investments in cost savings initiatives and increased our advertising at double-digit rates. We were able to make these investments while achieving earnings per share growth of 10%. Now let’s turn to our 2008 outlook on slide 12. We remain confident in our business model. Despite even higher cost pressures, we have not changed our sales, operating profit or earnings per share guidance. This is a result of operating the business for long-term, sustainable growth.  We forecast mid single digit revenue and operating profit growth given our business momentum and the recently announced price increases, as well as our efficiency in upfront investment initiatives. Our guidance now include significantly higher incremental commodity, energy, fuel and benefits inflation of more than $0.65 per share versus our earlier estimate of more than $0.40 per share. While gross profit dollars will rise, gross profit margin is expected to decline by about 100 basis points as a result of incremental input costs, a higher amount of upfront charges recorded in cost of goods and the investments in our recent acquisitions.  As we discussed last quarter, total upfront investments will decline from $0.18 per share in 2007 to about $0.14 in 2008 which is more consistent with historical levels.  In 2007, our tax rate lowered due to some discrete items allowing us to offset the higher upfront cost. However, for 2008 we expect the tax rate to be approximately 31%. Our 53rd week would have added about $0.05 to EPS, but these earnings will be reinvested back into the business. Below the operating profit line we expect net interest expense to be flat at just below $300 million. We expect to deliver another year of sustainable, dependable performance with high single-digit earnings per share growth of between $2.92 and $2.97 per share.  While we do not give quarterly guidance, we want to provide some insight into the shape of the year. We expect a difficult comparison for the first half of 2008 given last year’s timing of various tax events, commodity price increases and our strong first half performance, as well as this year’s 53rd week. This should however result in a stronger back half. To summarize, despite the difficult and volatile commodity markets, we will continue to invest back into the business for long-term sustainable growth. Now I would like to turn it back over to David.
A. D. David Mackay: Thanks John. It’s important to view 2008 against the complex backdrop of unprecedented commodity volatility and an uncertain U.S. economic outlook. The magnitude of the commodity volatility we are experiencing is significant. In the last few months alone since our Q3 update, our estimate of 2008 commodity and energy inflation increased from more than $0.40 to an excess of $0.65. We still anticipate that second half commodities will retrench from their current levels, but we believe that commodities will generally remain on an upward trend.  Despite the volatility, we remain confident in our ability to deliver another year of sustainable, dependable growth. Accordingly, we have worked aggressively to proactively manage our risk including pricing actions taken across our global portfolio, stepping up our focus on cost saving initiatives, productivity gains and SG&A optimization across our business.  With these actions already in full swing, we feel confident about the year ahead. History suggests that even if the economy should weaken, our business should continue to do well as it tends to be less cyclical. Let’s turn to slide 14 to discuss our recent acquisitions. We’ve been very active but selective in our acquisitions over the last year. Although our three recent transactions are relatively small, each one provides us with an opportunity for expansion within our current portfolio, or expansion into high-growth geographic areas. We’ve added another growth engine to our Natural and Organic business with the acquisition of Bear Naked, makers of premium all-natural granolas, hot cereal and trail mixes, a solid strategic fit with Kashi. We also acquired Gardenburger, maker of a variety of vegetarian and vegan products and meat substitutes. Having Gardenburger will position our frozen foods business to further grow our presence in the frozen meals category. The Gardenburger business also provides another manufacturing facility enabling us to continue to expand our frozen business.  Our emerging markets growth strategy has also moved forward significantly. In Russia, we recently announced the purchase of United Bakers Group, one of Russia’s largest cracker biscuit and breakfast cereal producers. The company has manufacturing facilities as well as a strong sales and distribution system. Combined with Kellogg’s innovation, brand-building and R&D infrastructure, UB provides us with a tremendous platform in the fast-growing Russian market. I would like to extend a warm welcome to our new employees from these exciting acquisitions. If you can turn to slide 15, we’ll discuss our 2008 innovation. In 2008, we will have sales about $2 billion from products launched in the last three years. We strive for our new product to improve the economics of our portfolio. Some of the key drivers of our innovation include portion control, healthier options, and natural alternatives. Now let’s turn to slide 16 and the internal sales growth posted by our North American businesses in the quarter. For the full year North American sales were 5% higher versus last year’s tough 8% comp. Starting on slide 17, we will review each business in more detail.  We had a great quarter in North American ready-to-eat cereal. Importantly, most of our 8% growth in this quarter came from growth in base sales. Our full year sales growth was 3% and our measured channel share grew again ending above 34%. This year’s innovation was strong with good Q4 performance from Rice Krispies with Strawberries and Mini-Wheats Cinnamon Streusel. We saw a strong performance from Rice Krispies, Raisin Bran Crunch and Special K in the quarter due to effective advertising campaigns. 2008 innovations are even stronger than in 2007 including Special K Cinnamon Pecan and Frosted Flakes Gold. Also, a new All-Bran Strawberry Medley was introduced with a new ten-day challenge advertising campaign.  Once again Kashi posted another great quarter with double-digit sales growth. This year’s innovation continued to perform well with particularly good performance from two varieties of Kashi granolas. We have now raised prices across much of the portfolio of Kellogg and Kashi cereal products effective January.  Our Canadian business also grew full-year sales at mid single-digits with this year’s innovation of Special K Fruit & Yogurt and Rice Krispies Vanilla doing well. Slide 18 shows our full-year snacks sales rose 7%, well above our guidance and a tough year-ago comparison of 11%. Fourth quarter sales growth was 2% and as anticipated, was adversely impacted by the equity repurchases and the transition of Kashi Snack Bars and Kellogg Fruit Snacks into the DSD system at year end. Also this quarter’s growth was against last year’s tough comp of 12%. Moving Kashi Snacks and Kellogg Fruit Snacks into DSD will provide further growth opportunities in 2008. However, we expect some modest disruption in Q1.  Across the snacks business, we see continued opportunities coming from portion control and on-the-go packaging innovations. In addition, we have raised prices across much of the Pop-Tarts, crackers, cookies and wholesome snack portfolios over the past month. Let’s look at more detail on slide 19. Our Pop-Tarts business posted another year of sales growth with share gains for the fourth quarter. For 2008, we have introduced whole grain varieties as well as new printed Pop-Tarts. Our cracker business had another solid year with mid single-digit sales growth and share gains during Q4. We posted strong sales from recent innovations like All Bran Crackers and double-digit growth from Wheatables, Club and Cheez-It. Our new 2008 innovations includes FlipSides pretzel crackers, and Cheez-It Deux.  Our cookie business was strong in 2007 and full year sales rose at mid single-digits as we gain share. For 2008, our new innovation includes introduction of Chips Deluxe and Sandies Pecan take-along packs. These innovative break apart packs stay fresh and make the product portable.  Our wholesome snack business continued to do well this year with double-digit sales growth for the fourth quarter and full year. Our 2008 Wholesome Snack innovations includes our new Special K Bliss Bars. Now let’s turn to our frozen and specialty channels business on slide 20. Frozen and specialty sales were up 6% for the full year versus a strong 8% comp last year. We achieved solid growth across our frozen and specialty business. Our frozen business continued to perform very well with full-year sales rising at high single-digits and consumption growing ahead of sales. We grew frozen breakfast share in the fourth quarter with solid growth from waffles and double-digit growth in pancakes and french toast.  We had strong results in veggie foods for the quarter and full year. Like frozen breakfast, our consumption has been running ahead of sales. Again in Q4, our Kashi All-Natural frozen entrées and frozen pizzas performed ahead of our expectations. Specialty channels contributed solid growth again with mid single-digit performance for the fourth quarter and full year. Slide 21 shows that Kellogg International posted another solid year with 5% growth. Our international growth has been broad based with solid results in Europe, Asia and Latin America as you can see on slide 22.  In Europe, we posted a 5% internal sales increase. We achieved solid mid single-digit growth in cereal and double-digit sales increases in snacks. In addition, we had market share gains in both cereal and snacks categories in our important UK market. In cereal, Special K, Optivita and Rice Krispies all performed well. Sales were also solid in Ireland, France, Benelux, Spain and Italy.  In Latin America, we posted 9% full year sales growth versus last year’s strong 9% growth. For the full year, we achieved high single-digit growth in both cereal and snacks, and for Q4 Venezuela, Colombia, Brazil and the Caribbean all posted double-digit sales growth. Asia Pacific internal sales were about flat for the full year reflecting the difficult conditions in Australia. Excluding Australia, we achieved double-digit growth in the fourth quarter and full year across our Asia business unit. In Australia, difficult conditions continue in the snacks category and cereal remains highly competitive. For 2008, we have strong advertising and innovation plans to ensure continued international growth. In summary, we enter 2008 with momentum and exciting commercial plans. Innovation is strong globally and our focus on driving our brands remains steadfast. We remain confident and positive given the stable nature of our food portfolio and the fact that we have taken proactive steps to manage commodity inflation and mitigate risk.  Initiatives include the pricing actions taken across our global portfolio; stepping up our focus on cost saving initiatives and productivity gains; and tighter SG&A management across our global business. Our focus remains on delivering sustainable and dependable growth, clearly an approach that should resonate more today than ever. Our recent acquisitions and positive progress toward geographic expansion are also a clear signal of our focus on building a stronger business for the future. We feel well positioned to continue our goal of sustainable, dependable growth. Our business model remains on track and we remain firmly committed to our company operating principles of Manage for Cash and Sustainable Growth. Finally, I would like to again welcome the new Kellogg employees and thank all Kellogg employees for their great work throughout 2007.  With that, I would like to open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will start with our first person, Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: A quick question on marketing spending -- it seems as though we now -- with advertising particularly as a percent of sales up at about 9% and that’s obviously been increasing I guess over the last few years. What is -- philosophically, I guess, what have you planned for over the next couple of years? Is the intention that it will continue to increase as a percent of sales or are you pretty comfortable with the level you’re at, given you are now well ahead of the rest of the packaged food group?
A. D. David Mackay: Alexia, if we look at our consumer support by advertising and consumer promotion, we are around the 12% mark, which is very strong for our business. But you know, as we think about it, we will continue to increase certainly at a rate consistent with sales growth and if we find more opportunities and have the flexibility and great ideas to invest behind to strengthen our brand equities, then we’ll look to do that as well. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: I have a question for you regarding the up-front costs and the cost savings. Clearly you are in a new paradigm here for input costs. Could you talk about -- I’m not sure you really have ever given us sort of in some general numbers what level of cost savings you are going to have coming through this year in 2008 to help the lumpy effect of these input cost increases?
John A. Bryant: Chris, if you look at the up-front costs, our long-term guidance is to get a pay-back within five years of those up-front costs and we’ve been executing them now for some years, so clearly there is a flow on benefit coming through the P&L. The issue, of course, is the size of those savings is relatively modest compared to the size of the inflation that we’re facing, so it’s not having a cumulative impact. It’s just helping us each year as part of our broader productivity initiatives as part of a mix to help offset that inflation. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: So it sounds like it’s stepping up this year, given this environment?
John A. Bryant: No, I think what we said is we’d have about $0.14 cents of up-front costs in this year, $0.18 last year obviously will help us in the 2008 year. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: I just want to ask one other question that’s just relative to the cereal category. In measuring it through IRI, it looks like the merchandising activity has been down a little bit and there’s been little surges here and there, but do you anticipate that for 2008 I guess as a means of getting the price increases through, we’ll see overall merchandising activity down?
A. D. David Mackay: You know, Chris, if you look at the merchandising in the latest quarter or year-to-date, it’s actually up slightly. And it’s a category that I think is a bit of a destination category for our trading partners, so I think merchandising will play an ongoing and positive component of how we and others drive consumers to the category.  And innovation clearly plays a very big role in that. I would expect it to stay positive. Whether it will increase dramatically is very hard to say. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Bivens with Bear Stearns.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: A couple of quick things on Cereal; Dave, could you give us the number for what the price increase was on U.S. cereal across the line?
A. D. David Mackay: Low-single-digits, Terry. I mean really, we took broad-based global pricing across the portfolio and it was anywhere from low- to mid-single-digits globally and in U.S. cereal, it was low-single-digit. And that’s been announced and I think is in play in January. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Okay. Did you ship any of your ’08 cereal innovation in the fourth quarter or have you been able to more or less keep all of that in the first quarter?
A. D. David Mackay: I think we started shipping Special K Cinnamon Pecan the last week of the year. The interesting thing though is as we have tracked inventories Q4 to Q1, we’re actually coming into 2008 with a lower inventory level than we’ve had for the last two or three years, so we feel very positive about that. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Okay, and just lastly, I guess General Mills, according to them they are pretty much through with the right size, right price. What is you evaluation on that? It seems to have been pretty much of a positive for the category from my perspective. Is that the way you are looking at it?
A. D. David Mackay: Well, I mean, you’d have to ask them specifically how they feel but as we look at our performance in cereal in the fourth quarter, we grew in IRI 4%. The category was actually up 1.2%, but the category number is probably, in our view, about 4% if you take in all channels.  The cereal category had the strongest growth for the year in the fourth quarter comparable to 2006 and we grew significantly above the category and actually gained nine-tenths of a share, so certainly we’re very happy with our performance. I think the category is doing very well. I wouldn’t like to comment on anything else. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Understood. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Driscoll - Citigroup : Great. Thanks a lot. Good morning, everyone. David, I wanted to ask your opinion on the big macro environment here. There’s all these concerns about economic slowdown. Do you expect to see a volume pick-up from people changing their behavior from food away from home to food at home? Have you seen anything in the fourth quarter? Would you expect to see anything in 2008?  And then just on the whole volume picture, of the mid-single-digit, I would assume that volume embedded in that particular guidance is relatively small and that most of it is pricing. Is that correct?
A. D. David Mackay: First on the last, I think the mix of price mix to volume will skew more to price mix than it did in ’07 because of the levels of pricing. We’ll still have some volume growth but it will be predominantly price mix.  On the economy, speaking specifically to our business because there’s a lot of other things going on that are in the press that probably won’t have an impact on us, we look at the company and the categories we’re in. We’re less cyclical. We’ve looked back in the history when we’ve had slowdowns or recessions in the U.S. and really our business has performed pretty well through those periods. The business is currently very strong. We have strong momentum and we have great confidence as we look at the future.  And it’s very hard to really read what will happen but -- so all we’ve done is look at history and we feel pretty good about where we are. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup : Great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Wachovia Securities. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities : Good morning and thank you. Here once again you’ve maintained guidance while absorbing another $0.25 upward revision in commodity cost pressure and clearly I think productivity in savings are helping you do that. So does that mean without all this commodity pressure, if we ever get a break on that you’d be in a position to raise numbers? As part of that, do we ever get to a point where cost inflation is so pervasive with your competitors in private label that you just ask retailers and consumers to absorb all these cost increases as opposed to maybe you dipping into your own productivity to do it?
A. D. David Mackay: Jonathan, I’d love to be in a situation where we had that problem. We are currently not -- 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities : There’s always hope for the future. 
A. D. David Mackay: Yeah, there’s hope for the -- I mean, we have taken broad-based pricing actions. We’re driving efficiency. We’re driving mix. We’re driving productivity. And that’s really helped us with the $0.65 plus commodity impact for 2008.  When you look at our pricing, it is broadly offsetting the bulk of the inflation for 2008 and we feel pretty good about that, given the strength of our brand equities, the level of our innovation, and the support we intend to continue putting behind our brands as we go forward. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities : And is there any -- let me simplify that -- has the pricing environment among your competitors and just from what you are hearing from the trade about not just your category but others, improved, maintained itself or gotten tougher over the past quarter?
A. D. David Mackay: I think everyone is feeling these inflationary pressures. It may not be exactly equal across businesses depending on the segments you’re in, but I think everyone is feeling a lot of inflationary pressure as we go forward.  And you know, a lot of categories have taken price -- I can’t really speak for exactly what’s happened outside of our own categories -- where we have broadly taken price across very category in which we compete globally. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities : Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll take our next question from David Palmer with UBS. 
David Palmer - UBS: I’ll follow up on this issue of pricing and the difference perhaps between retailer pushback and how you monitor consumer decisions. The duration and the magnitude of inflation I guess has reached new extremes and it seems like the retailers are accepting the pricing from what we’ve heard and competitors and even retailer brands are going up with you guys in certain key categories.  But how are you going to think about and how concerned are you about the consumer trade-down? For instance, I think retailer brands maybe gained a little share in ’07, something like 30 basis points in the measure that I saw for ’07. Maybe you have a different number, but is there risk that that becomes more pronounced and even within your portfolio that people might trade down from your better margin products to perhaps something of a lesser margin? Thanks. 
A. D. David Mackay: David, I think we do look at all of our competitors. As you look at 2007 and private label performance, as we saw in 2005 in the fourth quarter and for the full year, in fourth quarter 72% and for the full year, 68% of the growth that was achieved in private label came from two retailers. And typically what we have seen is that if retailers want to push that particular part of their business, then we could see disproportionate growth. In the current environment, we don’t think that that’s going to be excessive. We feel pretty good about where we are, given the strength of our brand equities and the level of investment we can continue to put behind them. 
David Palmer - UBS: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Timothy Ramey with D.A. Davidson.
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co. : Good morning. I just wanted to get a little more color on the $0.65 and also the view that that moderates some in the second half of the year. Can you give us any breakdown in terms of which commodities are driving that and also why you would view the second half relief as possible?
A. D. David Mackay: We’re not going to get into specifics but we do believe that we’ll see some commodity costs retrench in the second half. A few reasons for that -- one is comp, comparisons to the second half of ’06; and the second is while we can’t control the weather or the crops, most experts expect some reductions in some crops versus the current highs. We’ve taken I think a very pragmatic view on commodities and tried to reflect what we think they’ll do and we have baked high numbers -- much higher numbers, as you can see -- into that expectation but the markets remain very volatile.  I think most importantly on this is we’ve demonstrated our ability to manage this volatility should it occur and that’s why we feel very comfortable in affirming our guidance for 2008. 
Timothy Ramey - D.A. Davidson & Co. : Can you break it between at least energy and food, or is there anymore detail you can offer there?
A. D. David Mackay: Not at this point, no. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with J.P. Morgan.
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan : Good morning, everyone. I guess, David, I want to go back to the whole idea of resizing. I mean, based on store surveys, which are always limited in size but I calculate that General Mills has about 47%, 50% of the cereal SKUs or boxes below $2.50. And then I look at your portfolio, and I only found about 5% of your boxes that are $2.50. Do those numbers ring a bell? Do they seem correct and is that an issue?
A. D. David Mackay: They don’t ring a bell. The numbers we’ve got would indicate on average that we’re around mid-3s and now slightly above this, but I’m not sure what stores you went to.  All I’d do is again reiterate that I think that we’re through that big initiative through the fourth quarter and in IRI, we grew 4%, we gained nine-tenths of a share, our base business was actually up very strongly, and the category actually had the strongest quarter it’s had for 2007.  So it’s a very, very good situation for the category, for us, and hopefully for our competitors. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan : And just to follow-up, when I look at crackers and cookies and again, here I am perhaps oversimplifying but I see from the Kraft side an apparent ramp-up in terms of advertising on their brands, Oreo cookies and on the cracker side. And on your side, I don’t necessarily see the ramp-up on advertising on biscuits but definitely a lot of innovation around packaging formats. Obviously you think that’s the right way to go but can you explain why? I mean, it seems that they are a lot more aggressive on advertising and you are just more focused on product innovation, on formats around [Club] and Townhouse. 
A. D. David Mackay: Well, I think again, if you look at the results we delivered in cookies and crackers, we did very, very well in the fourth quarter and for the year. Our innovation seems to be working. On the go, not only for ourselves but for the whole category has been a huge positive and is driving a big chunk of the growth. We think that will continue as we go forward and we are trying to capitalize on that. And our levels of brand building support remain relatively consistent year-on-year, so I don’t -- I don’t know how else to react but that we are very comfortable with where we are. We continue to grow share and we continue to perform pretty well across both cookies and crackers. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan : One last one, if I may, just regarding Russia; can you give us some color in terms of how the category there has been growing for cereal and biscuits in the past few years? And what type of market share does the company you bought you have there?
A. D. David Mackay: You know, the company we bought, United Bakers, is about $100 million in sales. I think it’s a market leader in two of the three. The categories there in general terms have been growing high-single or double-digit. We think while there’s a lot of opportunity for us to improve that business, there’s huge upside and as a platform for growth in an exciting market, we’re just delighted with that acquisition and you’ll hear more about it as we go forward. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan : And before that, you were exporting your -- you have a distributor or how was your business there?
A. D. David Mackay: Pablo, we were tiny. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Banc.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Banc: Good morning, everybody. I’m going to switch the focus here a little bit to kind of capital structure and cash flow. You guys have done just a fabulous job in terms of generating cash flow. I think you have one of the highest free cash flow yields. The debt markets are right now, given what the fed’s been doing, very cheap, especially for a credit like yours. The board authorizes $650 million in share repo, which is equal to the last few years yet earnings are much higher, the stock’s been under pressure -- why wouldn’t you give a little bit more, assuming that -- you know, our DCF work suggests that the stock is under-valued and I’m sure yours does. Why wouldn’t you be pushing the board to put more money into share repo?
John A. Bryant: Great question. I think certainly the cash to the company was very strong in 2007 and we continue to see improvement in things like conversion cycles and so on from a capital perspective. As we go forward, the $650 million authorization is still in place.  If you look back over the last three years, Eric, almost all the cash the company has generated has gone back to shareholders, whether it be in the form of a dividend or a share buy-back. Net debt position has been flat and in fact, absolute debt has been growing a bit over the last couple of years.  So I feel pretty good about the capital structure. I think it’s a balanced use of cash. I think the share price is attractive but I think that where we are from a capital structure, it’s a good place to be. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Banc: Okay. If I could just ask one quick follow-up; I don’t want to pin you down too much but how much on the top line this coming year should come from acquisitions roughly with all the three that you’ve named so far? Is it 1%? Is it more like 2% plus, just to kind of get a sense?
John A. Bryant: It’s a good question, Eric, and what we said, what we are giving guidance on here is internal sales growth of mid-single-digits. You’d probably add just under two points to that to get to the impact of acquisitions. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Banc: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers : In looking at the contribution over the last couple of quarters or more to your top line from price mix, it sort of seems like it’s been decelerating as we’ve gone through the year, including the quarter you just reported. And I know you just obviously took pricing effective January but I’m trying to get a sense of why wouldn’t I be seeing more of that come through, even in the last couple of quarters?
John A. Bryant: I think a part of that, Andrew, has to do with the phasing of 2006. If you go back and look at 2006, our price mix ramped up through the back half of the year, so Q4 2006 was actually our highest priced mix of 5.4% for the quarter. So part of it is just the comparatives across ’07 versus ’06. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers : Okay. And is it fair to say that you and obviously a lot of others have been kind of behind the curve more dramatically -- the cost curve, that is -- with respect to pricing? Are some of the initiatives that you’ve taken around pricing in January across the portfolio designed to get you a lot close to covering and/or maybe completely covering the cost increases that you see going through the year? And you are obviously being pretty conservative in your assumptions on costs. 
A. D. David Mackay: I think it would be fair to say that we were probably lagging. If you look at ’06 and ’07, a lot of that is because of the volatility and uncertainty of were commodities actually going to stay high and stay on that potential high or upward trajectory.  I think our view is and has been probably for the last year that that’s the case and when you look at 2008, with that high level of commodity inflation we have been able to offset the bulk of it with broad-based global pricing across the portfolio or about low to mid single-digit.  So we do not offset it all, but we offset the bulk of it. I think the point is yes we have replaced price more to reflect where commodities are, because we don’t believe that they are going to suddenly dropped moving into the out years.
Operator:   Our next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  When you think about your recovery rates from the pricing increase relative to the commodity costs, are there certain regions or products where you feel like you are getting a greater recovery rate? What products would you think that you are not getting is high recovery rate? Can you just expand on the products?
A. D. David Mackay:   All I’d say Ken is we don’t price just to recover in a particular business unit. Some of the commodities may impact on a particular area of business unit to a greater extent than the globe, but we did take broad-based. I think what we have done is probably the right approach to try and recoup lot of those costs.  Like last year in Latin American when corn went through the roof and that portfolio is more corn-based, our pricing was relatively consistent, maybe a tad higher, and we got through that. You saw the impact on profit in Latin America but we are going into a new year now where that’s more stable -- at a high level, but it’s more stable.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  Are you finding that your ability to pass on costs in Europe versus the U.S. is any different or is it similar? Are there regions besides Latin America where the consumers are either accepting it or not accepting as well? Or is it just globally the exact same reaction across consumers?
John Bryant:   I think certainly we are seeing inflation globally and I think Europe is seeing theirs ramp-up as we look at 2008. But that’s been true globally. I think pricing is being taken by many, many companies across the board in all sorts of markets. We have seen in Europe even in hard discounted markets like Germany where private label has gone up 10% for the first time in a number of years, the consumer reaction – no one likes higher prices, but I think it is the only way to manage our business effectively given these high commodity prices is to regain some of it to go forward.
Operator:   Our next question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  You mentioned cost savings from your upfront charges but aren’t there other layers of cost savings and other projects that you have internally that go beyond those upfront charges? is there any way to help us quantify what those savings could be?  Secondly, I wanted to ask you about pension expense because in our modeling we saw a pretty big pickup in pension expense starting in 2009. Are you making a contribution to your pension fund and is that helping you offset 2009 increases? Thank you.
John Bryant:
 : On both of those questions, firstly on productivity you’re absolutely right, there is much to our productivity program than the upfront cost. I’d say that we target around a 3% productivity improvement. So, that helps to offset the commodity inflation that we’re seeing out there. Then on benefits expense to your point, benefits expense will actually be down 2008 versus 2007. So when we give guidance, the commodity benefits, energy, etcetera are up in excess of $0.65 that’s actually netting off within there the good news on benefits expense. So benefits will be down $0.06 or $0.07 because of the higher discount rate that’s out there. That $0.65 is net of that good news.  On pension contributions, we did make a small pension contribution at the end of 2007, but as a company we are pretty well funded across our various plans.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  John, have you modeled out 2009? I mean maybe this is just the intricacies of pension forecasting and my models don’t match yours, but have you taken a look at it? Whether those benefits continue in ‘09?
John Bryant:  It’s hard to get there because you have got to see what 2008 market returns are versus your actual return assumption and so on. So, there is quite a bit of volatility in there, but if I could have a forecast for 2009 discount rates maybe I can get there, but that’s a very hard thing to forecast from where we are today.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Linda Donnelly - Franklin Management.
Linda Donnelly - Franklin Management : Could you give us some guidance on what you anticipate for capital expenditures in ‘08 and depreciation and amortization?
John Bryant:   I would expect capital expenditures to be around 4% of sales, ballpark of around $500 million. On depreciation and amortization similar to this year around $380 million.
Linda Donnelly - Franklin Management : Do you have a number yet you can give us for your R&D expense for ‘07?
John Bryant:   No, I think we will have that in the 10-K. I think it will be in the same sort of ballpark, maybe up slightly from 2006.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  I know it’s a small part of your business, but it’s a part of your business that isn’t performing well. Has there been any change in the margin around the issues in Australia, good or bad or indifferent?
A. D. David Mackay:   Australia didn’t have a good year. The snacks category while it continues to be down, we did see in the last month or two of 2007 a slight improvement. We would hope that through the course of 2008 that the category itself can outperform and will start to come back to more normal levels.  The other thing impacting us there was CPW acquired Uncle Toby’s. They have ratcheted up the level of competitive intensity there and that has had an impact on our cereal business as well.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Todd Duvick - Banc of America.
Todd Duvick - Banc of America : I just wanted to ask a quick capital structure question. You’ve got quite a bit of short-term debt and you do have a note that is coming due I believe this June. I was wondering if you could tell us if you plan to refinance any or all of that in the capital markets?
John Bryant:   We will certainly be looking at that. As you say, we have about $1.5 billion of commercial paper. We have a credit facility of around $2.2 billion and we have a maturity of around $500 million coming in. Depending upon the conditions in the market and how the curve looks, we’ll look at whether we refinance that or how we take that going forward.
Todd Duvick - Banc of America : Just back on the share repurchase program, you just plan to buy back shares opportunistically, not considering anything like an accelerated share repurchase program?
John Bryant:   At this stage our plan is to buy back the $650 million which has been authorized by the board.
Operator: Gentlemen there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Joel R. Wittenberg: Thank you very much everybody for tuning in. if there are any questions please call in.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-29 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Joel Wittenberg - VP and IR David Mackay - President and CEO John Bryant - CFO Gary Pilnick - General Counsel
Analysts: Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns Mariann Montagne - Thrivent Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse David Palmer - UBS Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day and welcome to the KelloggCompany 2007 Third Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute toprevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a questionand answer period. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. At this time I will turn theconference over to Mr. Joel Wittenberg, Kellogg Company Vice President ofInvestor Relations. Mr. Wittenberg, please begin.
JoelWittenberg: Thanks Andrea and good morning everyone.And thank you for joining us for a review of our third quarter results and forsome discussion regarding our strategy and outlook. With me here in Battle Creek are DavidMackay, President and CEO; John Bryant, CFO; and Gary Pilnick, General Counsel. We must point out that certain statementsmade today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performanceincluding earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interestexpense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront cost and inflation, areforward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different fromthose projected. For further information concerning factors that could causethese results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentationas well as our public SEC filings. A replay of today's conference call willbe available by phone through Thursday evening by dialing 888-203-1112 in the U.S.and 719-457-0820 from international locations. The pass code for both numbersis 3113843. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archivedfor 90 days. Now, let me turn it over to David.
DavidMackay: Thank you Joel and good morning everyone.Just as a reminder, Simon Burton has moved into the business and JoelWittenberg has stepped into take on this role as Vice President of Treasury andInvestor Relations. We are pleased to report a solid Q3 even with two to threediscrete items slightly impacting top line growth. With strong EPS growth fromQ3 and year-to-date, and with Q4 off to a strong start, we have increasedconfidence that we will deliver another year of sustainable growth. Through Q3, we benefited from somediscrete tax items, which have allowed us to make further investments in ourbusiness to support our goal of sustainable, dependable performance. Themomentum year-to-date has allowed us to invest more against cost savinginitiatives, to continue our strong advertising investments through Q4, toabsorb higher cost inflation than anticipated, while raising our full year EPSguidance to $2.72 to $2.75 per share. During Q3, we reinvested back into thebusiness with double digit increases in advertising, and funding of a majorefficiency project within our DSD system. We are confident that our consistentoperating performance will continue into the fourth quarter, providing a strongfoundation for another year of sustainable and dependable performance in 2008. Now, I would like to turn it over to Johnto take you through the financials.
JohnBryant: Thanks, David and good morning everyone.Reported net sales increased by 6%, lapping a strong 8% sales growth in thethird quarter of last year. Internal sales growth, which excludes the effect offoreign exchange, was 4%, building on a 6% comparison last year. Reported operating profit rose by 1%, andinternal declined by 2%. This was primarily the result of high investment andyear-on-year upfront costs savings initiatives, which reduced operating profitgrowth by 5 percentage points in the quarter. These results also reflect doubledigit growth in advertising investment as well as higher commodity inflation. Earnings per share grew by 9% versus lastyear, helped in part by a lower tax rate due to several discrete items in thequarter. And cash flow in the first three quarters was $961 million, exceedinglast year by $111 million. Let's look at each of these results in more detail. Slide 5, shows our net sales growth.Reported net sales growth in the quarter was 6.4%. Price mix was 3.1% higherdue to the price increases we put into place over the past year as well asimproved mix. Tonnage added 0.7% and currency contributed 2.6%. This solidinternal sales growth came despite a couple of items, which dampens the quartersales. First, in U.S.cereal, elevated levels of customer inventories in last year's third quarterresulted in a difficult inventory comparison, and our U.S. cereal shipments were flat inthis year's Q3. The good news is that we continue todeliver strong consumption growth and we continue to gain share demonstratingstrong underlying momentum. Second, our snacks DSD reorganization,including the repurchase of third party owned routes resulted in some inventoryrepurchases that reduced sales in the quarter. Despite these issues, we werestill able to report a solid sales performance giving us continued confidenceas we go into Q4. Now let's turn to advertising spending onslide 6. We increased our advertising investment at a double-digit rate for thethird quarter as well as year-to-date. Brand building investment is anessential part of our business model and we had significantly increasedspending in the fourth quarter to support both new and existing products. Let's turn to slide 7, to review our grossprofit performance. Third quarter gross profit was $1.3 billion, a 5% increaseover last year. For the year-to-date period gross profit is almost $280 millionabove last year, an increase of 7%. This increased gross profit funds our advertisingand innovation growth. Third quarter gross profit margin declined40 basis points and year-to-date has declined by 20 basis points. For bothperiods this decrease was driven primarily by higher commodities inflation. Now let's turn to slide 8 and a discussionof operating profit by region. Operating profit declined by 2%, as a result ofstrong ongoing investments in advertising and additional up-front costs. Infact the year-over-year increase in up-front costs adversely impacted operatingprofit by 5%. We indicated last quarter that commoditycost pressures are more concentrated in the second half of the year and thatwas certainly the case in Q3 and will be even more so in Q4. In North America, operating profit declined 4% due to higherupfront and advertising investments. Most of the Q3 upfront charges occurred inNorth America and reduced operating profit byabout 7%. Even with these higher upfront costs and advertising investments,year-to-date operating profit is up 3% in North America. In Europe,operating profit declined 2%, versus a tough year ago comparable of 20%. Hereagain, we continue to make higher investments in advertising. Results were alsobe impacted by a voluntary product recall in the UK. Year-to-date, operating profitis up a strong 11%. In Latin America,quarterly internal operating profit rose by 1%, reflecting increased investmentin advertising as well as high commodity inflation. And finally in AsiaPacific, internal operating profit decreased by 26%, or $6 million, dueprimarily to the continued challenges in the Australian market. Part of thedecline was due to a challenge in Australia for additional efficiencyinitiatives. In Asia,our Cereal and Snacks businesses are performing well. Below the operatingprofit line, net interest was approximately unchanged and our tax rate wasabout 27%. Meanwhile, our average shares outstanding continue to declinebecause of share buybacks. We repurchased $153 million of shares for thequarter bringing our year-to-date repurchases to $417 million. On slide 9, you can see a summary of our2007 year-to-date performance. I won't review each point of the sustainablegrowth wheel, but the net takeaway is that we expect 2007 will be our sixthconsecutive year dependable, sustainable growth. Let's turn to slide 10, for a review ourcash flow. Year-to-date, we have generated $961 million of cash. This growthhas been achieved through our strong earnings growth. The cash flow metric isvery important for us and we will remain focused on further improvement in thefuture. For the full year, we now have evengreater confidence that our cash flow will be approximately $1 billion. As youknow, the fourth quarter tends to generate the seasonally lowest cash flow ofthe year, and we are also considering voluntary retirement plan contributionsin Q4. Let's turn to slide 11, to look at ourfull year 2007 guidance. Our guidance from mid single-digit internal net salesgrowth for the full year hasn't changed. But we now forecast earnings to comein between $2.72 and $2.75 per share, a penny higher than our earlier guidance.Remember this includes the extra investment we have discussed for Q3,additional investment plan for Q4, as well as significantly increased inputcosts in both periods. We now expect total incremental commodity,fuel, energy and benefit costs of approximately $0.32 per share or $0.04 above themid point of our most recent guidance and $0.16 to $0.19 more than our initialguidance for the year. And we've increased our estimates for upfront investments.We now expect this investment will total approximately $0.19 of EPS or $0.05more than our original estimate. Obviously this will reduce our internaloperating profit growth. In fact, excluding upfront costs, operating profit wouldrise at mid single digits. These projects provide greater visibility for 2008and beyond. Given the significant inflation costs andincreased investments, we continue to expect that full year gross margin willdecline by approximately 50 basis points. As we discussed previously, ourcommodity inflation is heavily weighted for the second half of the year withthe large impact in the fourth quarter. We continue to get good leverage belowthe operating profit line. We expect essentially flat, full year net interestand the tax rate will be about 29%. In summary, we are very pleased that wehave the ability to absorb high input costs, while raising guidance in adifficult environment. The fact that we can also increase investment in futuregrowth at the same time demonstrates the flexibility of our business model, thestrength of our current momentum, and our desire to drive sustainable anddependable results. Now, let's turn to slide 12 and a preliminaryguidance for next year. For 2008, we expect to deliver another year of sustainablegrowth. Once again, we are forecasting and planning for high single digitearnings per share growth. Our forecast calls for mid single digit revenuegrowth, reflecting our momentum into 2008 and broad pricing actions across ourportfolio that help offset significantly higher cost inflation. We anticipate advertising will once againrise at or ahead of sales. We currently forecast that incremental commodity,fuel, energy and benefits cost inflation to increase by more than $0.40 pershare in 2008. This builds on the 2007 increase estimated at $0.32 and 2006inflation of $0.28. We expect mid single digit operating profit growth and highsingle digit earnings per share growth. As you can see, we are anticipatingearnings of between $2.92 and $2.97 per share in 2008. We also expect to seecontinued investments in upfront costs in 2008. Over recent years our upfrontcosts have been running at about $0.14. However in 2007, we had the benefit of alower tax rate, which enabled us to increase our upfront investments to about$0.19. As we go into next year, we would expectour upfront costs to return to approximately $0.14. However, we have thebenefit of a 53rd week in 2008, which adds roughly $0.05 to EPS. At this stage,we are reviewing our ability to invest the benefit of the 53rd week intoeither, additional upfront costs and our investments to accelerate our growthin emerging markets. We will provide more clarity on how wewill reinvest the 53rd week in future conference calls. Either way, it is allabout driving sustainability. In addition, we expect essentially flat netinterest expense and our tax rate will move back to approximately 31%. Some ofthe tax benefits we saw in 2007 were one-time in nature, which obviously willnot be repeated next year. Also we plan to complete our $650 million2007 share repurchase in the fourth quarter and we are pleased to announce theboard has approved an additional $650 million share buyback for 2008. While we do not give quarterly guidance, theshape of the year might be a little bit different from 2007 due to some uniquecircumstances. We will have significant commodity inflation particularly in thefirst half of the year and tough tax comparisons in Q1 and Q3. Because of allthese factors and the timing of the 53rd week in Q4, we expect EPS growth to beback-end loaded. As you can see, I am always working. Wehave been and will continue to invest back into the business for long-termsustainable and dependable results, which will enable us to offset this unprecedentedcost environment, while investing in innovation and brand building. And now, I would like to turn it back overto David for the business review.
DavidMackay: Thanks, John. If you can turn to slide 13and the internal sales growth posted by our North American businesses in thequarter, North American sales were 3% higher versus last year's 7% growth, andslide 14 looks at each business in more detail. Third quarter cereal sales were flatversus last year, as we lapped last year's heightened Q3 credit inventorylevels driven by our September 2006 price increase. We are pleased to achievevery strong underlying consumption growth in Q3 of 3% to 4% across all channelsand we are expecting a stronger fourth quarter shipment performance. In addition, our price per pound rose bymore than 4% during the quarter. Innovation was strong with the launch of FrootLoops Smoothies and Cinnamon Streusel Mini-Wheat. We also saw a strongperformance from Rice Krispies, Raisin Bran Crunch and Smart Start in the quarterbehind good advertising campaigns. Once again, Kashi posted another greatquarter with double digit sales growth. Innovation was strong with two newvarieties of Kashi Granola as well as continued momentum from GOLEAN HoneyAlmond Flax cereal. And our Canadian business also posted a solid quarter. We continueto benefit from this year's innovation with Mini-Wheats Strawberry, Special KFruit and Yogurt, and Vanilla Rice Krispies among others. Slide 15, shows our snacks sales were up astrong 5% for the third quarter. This exceeded our long-term target despitelast year's 11% comparable. The DSD route reorganization had an adverse impacton sales growth as we realigned the system and bought back inventory from theequity route owners. DSD is a great asset for the KelloggCompany and we are going to further leverage to the asset by taking Kashi Snacksand Fruit Snacks into DSD at the end of this year. While this will providefurther growth opportunities in 2008, we expect modest disruption in Q4 and Q1as we reduce inventory in the warehouse system. Both of these moves are theright steps for the future retail snacks. Overall year-to-date sales are up a strong8% and you can see more detail on slide 16, which shows our PopTarts businessposted solid sales growth in the third quarter, while lapping last year'sintroduction of Go Tarts. The crackers business also posted solid quarterlygrowth versus a difficult double-digit comparison as Cheez-It and All Brancrackers both performed well. In addition, we also saw double-digitgrowth from Club and Wheatables. We gained Crackers share in the category, inthe quarter and new innovation including Club Puffed, Cheez-It Sticks and Carr'sCheese Melts give us confidence we will finish the year well. Our cookie innovation and brand buildinghave been strong and we are seeing the benefits, we feel solid sales growth andmeasured channel share gains in our cookie business, and we were again lappinggood growth in the third quarter of last year. New Right Bites Grasshoppers andDipping Delights innovations, were ahead of expectations and Famous Amos postedstrong growth for the quarter. Our Wholesome Snack business continued todo well in the quarter. We saw a solid growth from Rice Krispies Squares,Special K Bars and Nutri-Grain Fruit and Nut Bars. And finally we are delighted that Kelloggsnacks was recently rated the number one DSD manufacturer among all consumergoods companies by Advantage Groups Performance Monitor. This awarded a greatrecognition for the entire DSD team. Now let's turn to our frozen and specialtychannels business on slide 17. Frozen and Specialty sales were up 6% for thequarter. We achieved solid growth for Eggo Pancakes, French Toast Sticks andour new special K Waffles. And our Kashi All-Natural frozen entreesand pizzas continue to perform ahead of our expectations. We are finding thatfor many consumers Kashi frozen entrées are their first experience with thebrand and are now purchasing additional Kashi items. Specialty channels contributed solidgrowth again with good performance across club, convenience and drug channels. Side 18, shows that Kellogg Internationalposted another solid quarter with 5% internal sales growth in Q3 lapping lastyear's 5% comparison. Our international growth has been broad based with solidresults in both Europe and Latin America asyou can see on slide 19. In Europe,we have posted 3% internal sales growth with good growth in both cereal andsnacks. In Cereals, Special K, Cocoa Pops and Rice Krispies all performed well.We saw solid performance with recent cereal innovations from Optivita andChocos.' Sales were strong in Ireland, Spain,Italy and Benelux and the UKachieved Cereal growth even with the adverse impact of a product recall in Q3. In Latin America,we posted 12% internal sales growth, as a result of growth in both Cereal and Snacksacross the region. Venezuela,Colombia, Brazil, and the Caribbean all posted goodinternal sales growth in the quarter and Mexico achieved double digit growthwith strong performances from Zucaritas and Special K Control and our market sharealso rose during the third quarter. Asia Pacific sales declined by 1% or lessthan $2 million. We saw solid Ready-To-Eat Cereal sales growth in Japan, South Korea,India and South Africa. As we have discussed,the Australian business posted lower sales, as difficult category conditionscontinued in the snacks category. We expect that the situation will shake outin the next 12 months much as it has in other parts of the world. And finally,a thank you to all 26,000 Kellogg employees for their great work instrengthening our company. As we look towards 2008, it is clear thatcost inflation is likely to remain high and volatile. Accordingly, we will belooking to employee all the leavers to help offset these costs including mix,trade efficiencies, cost savings initiatives and pricing. Our focus on strong innovationand increased advertising support remain highly relevant, and our operatingprinciples remain in place. Finally, we've talk frequently about ourintention to explore small bolt-on acquisitions and opportunities forgeographic expansions that support our focus strategy. We are pleased to sharethat over the next few months; we expect to close several small acquisitions inseveral areas around the world. These transactions are subject to regulatoryapproval and standard closing condition, so we are not in a position to shareany additional details at this time. As John mentioned earlier, in our 2008guidance, we have the flexibility to invest in new geographic market expansion.We remain confident that with strong investments in Q4, we will maintain ourmomentum into 2008, and deliver another year of sustainable, dependableperformance and what is shaping up to be a challenging environment. And with that, I would like to open it upfor questions.
Operator: Thank you. (OperatorInstructions). And we'll hear first from Terry Bivens with Bear Stearns.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Good morning everyone.
David Mackay: Good morning, Terry.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Dave, I wanted to get just alittle bit more clarity on the Cereal business to make sure, I understand it. Ithink, last year in Q3, you mentioned the base business in RTE was pretty good,North America was the incremental that didn't quite get the takeaway youthought inventories build up a little bit. As we move now into this quarter,where do you think your inventory levels are first of all?
David Mackay: Yeah, Terry, you rememberlast year that we had a price increase in September and as we finished thequarter we said we thought we'd got about 1% incremental shipments in thatquarter.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Okay.
David Mackay: The inventories were higher.We pulled them down and that's why you saw in Q4 last year actual shipmentswere down, even though consumption during the two quarters was relatively evenup 2%, 3% I believe.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Okay.
John Bryant: This year consumption wasvery strong. We are up 3% or 4% across all channels. We actually gained share,but our inventory levels clearly on last year had to come down. I'd pull themdown so that shipments were flat, but I can't tell you as you would expect isthat through October, ourshipments have been strong, because last year in October we are actually goingthrough the process of pulling them down. So it's all about comps year-on-year,that issue is now behind us. The great news is that through all of thatinventory movement, our consumption remained very strong. We gained share andwe are off to a strong start to Q4.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Do you have to take tradesspending up that all in the third quarter perhaps to in reaction to some of thethings Mills is doing?
David Mackay: Really I think as we look at ourposition, our consumption was strong. We gained share. We are very happy withthe business. We continue to play our own game and focus on strong innovationand brand building.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thanks very much.
David Mackay: Thanks.
Operator: We will take our nextquestion from Mariann Montagne with Thrivent.
Mariann Montagne - Thrivent: Good morning. A couple ofdetailed questions here, on the UKrecall, how much are you attributing to that in dollar terms?
David Mackay: Well, it's probably about $5million-ish.
Mariann Montagne - Thrivent: Okay, and the snackrealignment?
David Mackay: For snacks it was less than acouple of percent, but probably 1% to 2% for the quarter, for that would affectshipments.
Mariann Montagne - Thrivent: And Australia, what kind of awrite-down is that in dollar terms?
John Bryant: It was just a couple ofmillion dollars -- $2 million.
Mariann Montagne - Thrivent: Okay, it's small. And then onthe Latin American side the 12% internal sales growth 1% profit growth that'sdue to your mix toward the corn products is that right?
David Mackay: Yeah that's right. I thinkthat portfolio was very corn based. So, the commodity issue from corn hasreally hit them very hard this year. Also in the quarter, advertising was updouble digits. But we're very, very happy with the strong growth, we saw in themarket during the quarter. And we are going to continue to invest there becauseit remains one of our strongest growth region.
Mariann Montagne - Thrivent: And, is that also an area,you're targeting for greater snack growth?
David Mackay: It is, yes.
Mariann Montagne - Thrivent: Okay. Thank you.
David Mackay: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next questionfrom Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Can you just tellme, you say that you increased your investment in advertising this year. Didyou give us a sense of how much you're increasing it? And then also, I don'tthink, I quite got you are increasing your upfront charge by another $0.02 forthe year. Is that a new project or is the exiting DSD project just costing one.And that's it?
David Mackay: Robert, on the advertising,we are up double digit. John, you want to take this.
John Bryant: On the upfront cost, Robertwe actually execute the DSD buyback ahead of schedule. And main thing is thetotal cost of that program was a little bit less than what we had anticipated.The additional $0.02 is for another project in the fourth quarter that we'venot as yet announced.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. And you say theadvertising is up double-digit, but is that a stronger double-digit than youthought at the end of second quarter?
John Bryant: Yes, it is. Yep.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much.
John Bryant: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will comefrom David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS: Hey, guys. With regard toGeneral Mills' moves with Right Size, Right Price initiative, has that becomemore of a competitive intrusion in the EDLP accounts, where perhaps their lowershelf price has provided a bit of a boost to them and perhaps at the expense toKellogg?
David Mackay: David, you will be bestposing that question to them. I think from our perspective, as you saw in thequarter we did expect, we could have some disturbance there, but ourconsumption was strong. We gained share. Very happy with our business andreally the key for us in the third quarter was the fixed year-on-year inventoryissue that we had last year, which is now behind us and we have started Q4strongly.
David Palmer - UBS: Okay and then just a secondquestion having to do with the health news benefit in the Cereal category. TheAmericans want to maintain their health obviously and they're saying they wantto add things like dietary fiber, whole grain, antioxidants, probiotics, and alike. I'm wondering to what degreedo you think that some of the growth that we've seen in the last couple ofyears having to do with some of this increase in demand for these attributesmay wane or perhaps do you see some of these concerns in the immediate futurebeing addressed better by the industry in the Cereal category perhaps, pickingup momentum as some of the Cereal category players get better at addressingthese concerns?
David Mackay: I think, David our believe asthe Cereal is on trend, certainly if you look at the demographics in the marketand a number of including Kellogg's playing towards the, slightly older demographic,where there is a greater propensity to look for health benefits. We would thinkthat will be a positive for the category for many years to come.
David Palmer - UBS: Okay. And last question,just, I know this is out there, but is there any possibility that you guys willdo anything on the packaging side in Cereal. It seems, like if anything fromthe consumer standpoint the industry has not done anything in packaging exceptperhaps go backwards with pillow packs for decades. Is that something thatcould be in the horizon for the cereal category?
David Mackay: We're constantly looking athow we can improve, our environmental footprint, and we've taken a lot ofpackaging out. It may not be obviously, but there is a huge amount of work goneinto that and continues to go into it, not only by us, but I think by the wholeindustry. And it's an area, we will continue to focus on given how fragile Cerealis; it's not as easy as you think to make a dramatic move. But there isconstant work going on trying to reduce the amount of cotton and use recycledboard et cetera. So, and you will probably see more of that in the years tocome.
David Palmer - UBS: Alright, thank you very much.
David Mackay: Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next questionfrom Andrew Lazar with Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Good morning.
David Mackay: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Just one quick one, on U.Scereal, I think, you said that sales were flat and shipments were flat as well.Was, if I have that right, the fact that not a lot of pricing came through moredue to, more just tactical items that you had to do promotionally in thequarter, as supposed to anything structural that pricing isn't coming throughfor some reason?
David Mackay: Our shipments were flat,because of the inventory reduction year-on-year comparison to last year. Ourconsumption was up 3% to 4% across all channels. Actually, price per pound wasup 4% in the quarter. So, it's a very strong quarter and really the shipmentissue is now behind us and as I mentioned earlier, October is off to a strong startas you would expect.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And the last thing is juston, you have always leaned heavily on reinvestment, so nothing overly new thereand I certainly understand the cost environment. But I know you guys trying tobe anticipatory in your business as well. Is it fair to say that some of thereinvestments for '08 that you're making about, that you're doing now, perhaps arenot only about maybe future growth. But also an anticipation ofmaybe some structural shifts in, whether it be in the North American Cerealcategory or whether would be whatever your box size changes from competitors oreven potential shifting around of brands ultimately to new owners. I'm trying toguess how you think about that, looking forward?
David Mackay: Yeah, we are really focusingon our own game. And I think most of these investments to ensure we've gotstrong brands with supporting and driving innovation hard. We are trying tomaintain momentum and top of mind awareness with consumers. And on the costside clearly, we are looking good do as much as we can, whatever possible toreduce cost, so that we can offset some of the inflation. As we mentioned inthe call, clearly with the sort of inflation environment we are seeing, broadbased and global pricing is likely.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
John Bryant: And just add a little bit ofcommentary to that as well. When we look at these upfront costs, we do look forsort of a 4, 5 year payback and where those costs occurred depends on, wherethe projects are. So this year it was an SG&A lastly because of the DSDabout buyback. To give you a bit color on color on 2008, we've given guidance of$0.14 about half of that we've already committed to an ongoing an Europeanmanufacturing project the other half we will announce as we sum up the project.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Got it. Thank you.
David Mackay: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes fromVincent Andrew of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning everyone.
John Bryant: Good morning.
David Mackay: Good morning.
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Could you just help meunderstand the 53rd week, is that essentially, is it smaller or the same sizesthan the other week and I assume it's in the fourth quarter?
John Bryant: 53rd week is the last week ofthe year. Its bit of a strange week and that is some of our internationalmarkets don't even ship in that week. So, it's a little bit smaller from thesales perspective. But also, it tends to be a smaller brand building week. So, tosit back and look at it, we estimate that it's worth about $0.05 of EPS.
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you. And can I alsoask the decline of gross margin of 40 basis points, that included upfront coststo some extent, correct?
John Bryant: That's correct, that's thereported gross margin.
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Okay, all right. And then Iguess my last question is just why is this year, the share repurchase thereseems to be a little more skew towards the back half of the year inparticularly the fourth quarter, any reasoning behind that?
John Bryant: No. I think, if you look atthe third quarter, it's pretty proportional from a share buyback perspective. Ithink we've got off to a slow start to the year we're $417million and $650year-to-date. So, we're tracking reasonably well.
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
John Bryant: Just going back to clarifyone piece on the 53rd week, one thing, I want to keep sort of reinforce is thatwe're not using that 53rd week to hit our guidance for next year. The guidancewe've given is effectively a 52 week guidance, what we are saying is the 53rdweek that's $0.05 will be reinvented back into the business either in additionalupfront costs going above the $0.14 that we've given guidance on or intoselected emerging market investments, which we'll give you more commentary onwhen we get there.
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Thank you very much. That'svery helpful.
David Mackay: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes fromKen Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning, everyone.
David Mackay: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I'm actually going to askquestion about North American retail snacks. Your business has been hitting aboutdouble-digit top line growth or net sales growth for almost two years. You hada little slowdown to 5%. Is there competitive dynamic that's changing, is ittough comparisons, is it a timing of our products? Can you just give us is theresomething that we should start to see more of this lower mid-single digitgrowth in the net sales growth for North American retail snacks?
John Bryant: Yeah Ken, if you go throughwhat I mean, we gained shares in cookies. We gained share in crackers and they bothgrew about mid-single digits. We grew our Wholesome Snacks high-single digits, eventhough the category grew slightly faster than that. Our Fruit Snacks was down,part of that was as we discontinued items in preparation to move those intoDSD. The DSD route buyback impacted snacks just short of a couple of percent inthe quarter. So net, we had a strongquarter. It was nothing from a competitive or slowdown perspective. We havecontinually said that the prior quarters are greater than 10% and our viewweren't sustainable. What we would expect is roughly mid-single digit Q4 andthrough 2008. And the only thing that could impact that is we've got to allowthat in Q4, end of Q1 next year there will be some disruption as we move Kashi Snacksand Fruit Snacks into our DSD system. But I think as we talk aboutDSD you've got to remember that, our DSD snacks group was recognized by theAdvantage Group as the best DSD organization in the USA. So, this is a great asset forus, they're performing fantastically well. We continue to want to drive ithard.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. I am going tolimit my question to one. Thanks.
John Bryant: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will comefrom Bill Leach with Neuberger Berman.
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman: Good morning.
David Mackay: Hi, Bill.
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman: I just had a question aboutyour implied fourth quarter guidance. If I back out all the numbers that seemsto me you are implying EPS in the fourth quarter before upfront cost of about$0.48 down from $0.53 lat year, so it's down 9%. I was just wondering is thatreally what you are trying to say and what you are assuming for the tax rate,in the fourth quarter?
John Bryant: It's a good question Bill.There is a few things going on in the fourth quarter. We do have 40% about fullyear commodity inflations actually hitting us in Q4, so it's abnormally heavyquarter. We also had a significant investment in advertising in the quarter.And if you go below the line, there are several items, which will be a drag onthe fourth quarter one in particular I would call out as a tax line. We arelooking at a tax rate within the mid 30s much higher than what we've seenyear-to-date. So, that is certainly impacting the outlook for Q4.
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman: Okay. Thanks a lot.
John Bryant: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll hear from JonathanFeeney with Wachovia Securities.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Good morning, thank you.
John Bryant: Hi, John.
David Mackay: Good morning
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: John, I know, we've got a coupleof mixed sort of a trends here. And I guess, I want to get a feeling, you get pricingacross the portfolio, but Snacks growing a little bit faster than Cereal. Couldyou give us an update as to what may be directional roughly the negative mixbetween Snacks and Cereal is doing to your gross margin line, right now?
John Bryant: Well, in fact the in thequarter, there was no negative mix from snacks and cereal. It was pretty much awash.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Is that just because the Snacksmargin is up so much or?
John Bryant: Well, I think you would belooking say, we have pointed out before there is a lower gross margin in somemarkets Snacks relative to Cereal. We're referring say the Cracker businessvery strong, that's a very good gross margin business.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Oh, I see. Okay. Thanks verymuch for that. If I could just follow up on the comment you made at very end ofyour prepared commentary David about it being a tough environment out there. AndI guess if you could maybe, you've achieved 310 basis points it looks like aprice mix across the portfolio to offset these commodity costs. You have notbeen doing very well on this high commodity costs environment. It seems like the supplychain in North America anyway is prettyinflationary. Would you say that's a fair characterization and so when you sayits tough environment out there, do you feel like, retailers and wholesalers arestarting to pushback on the kind of pricing they've been letting through or isthere something new there or is that just kind of tough environment on the costside and lets continue to hope for the best on the pricing side?
David Mackay: Yeah, I think Jonathan, whenyou are look at the current forecasts that I have seen on food inflation fornext year is 4% to 5%. That's not our forecast, that's the forecast that's outthere. And I think with the volatility in commodities that exists today, ourview is that that moves to a higher level, and while they could stabilize overthe next few years for a year or so, they do appear to be on an upward trendand that's what I am talking about. It's a tough businessenvironment, when costs are going up, we are taking a lot of moves to try andreduce our own costs and drive mix and trade efficiency. But we also arelooking at broad based and global pricing. I think if you look at our trackrecord over the last two, three years, we've demonstrated our ability to offsetinflation, and I think we go into next year with a high degree of confidence. We are reinvesting this yearto make sure that we have momentum going into next year. So we think we arepretty well positioned, but there are unknowns out there. Even for us today aswe are giving 2008, we feel pretty good that we have captured everything. We'llupdate it in Q4, but at this point we certainly do appear to be in a relativelyhigh inflationary food environment.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Thanks very much.
John Bryant: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is fromEric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning everybody.
David Mackay: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Few questions, I guess, firston the DSD change. I mean, I don't recall a company in the industry kind ofmessing with their DSD and not having a problem. So, have you kind of built insome kind of let's say conservatism in terms of your guidance for next year asto how, if something messes up with the DSD that you can kind of cover that?
David Mackay: I think what we are saying is,I mean, our DSD is performing incredibly well. The DSD route buyback back in Q3we thought would be Q3, Q4. They executed it so well that they actually got itcompleted almost in its entirety in Q3. That was buying back over 500 routes,putting in, products into our current DSD system, hiring a lot of people andthey're actually up and running effective October 1.  And while you have short-termimpacts, that actually will be positive for the long term. And then the onlyother things on Kashi Snacks and Fruit Snacks going into DSD, as I mentionedthrough Q4 and Q1, you'll have the inventory levels coming down, a little bitof disruption, but we see those as very positive moves for us. So we arelooking very, at 2008 with a very positive view on our DSD system.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then if I couldfollow up on 2008 guidance, just a few clarifications here. One I assume thatyou are not including any of those acquisitions in your guidance in terms oftop line or EBIT.
John Bryant: No.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then currency whatare you assuming for currencies since that's been the pretty big tail win foreverybody in the industry?
John Bryant: We are expecting about fiveto six penny is a good news on FX next year.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then, when I just lookat some the swing factors with currency being a benefit and lower shares beinga benefit, the tax rate being a negative, up-front costs year-over-year changebeing positive, I guess we'll just leave the 53rd week kind of up in the air atthe moment. So, I guess we are kind of left with the input costs being justthis huge negative. The $0.40, most of the othercompanies in the industry kind of look at it from a percentage basis, so likeConAgra is talking about 7% increase, I guess Mills has been talking about fiveand Campbell's has been talking about five. What's the percentage increase orare you way out of line with others? And should that make us question kind ofhow you've hedged or haven't hedged successfully?
David Mackay: No, I can say we'd be aroundthe five. The $0.40, $0.42 we are saying, about 0.40 is the current view. Imean, as you know there are a lot of things moving around still but we'll bearound the five, so relatively consistent with most in the industry. It doesvary of course depending on what's going on at the time, but we are prettyclose to most other companies.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right, that'shelpful. Okay, I will pass it on. Thank you.
David Mackay: All right, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes fromPablo Zuanic with JP Morgan.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Good morning everyone. David Mackey Good morning, Pablo.
John Bryant: Good morning.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Just a couple of, I guess accountingquestions first and then one strategic question. John, on the corporate expenseline, the number was unusually low this quarter, $35 million, anythingparticular going on there?
John Bryant: Pablo, if you look at ayear-to-date basis, it's actually pretty similar to last year, so just timing fromone quarter to the next.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Thank you, but year-on-yearcorporate expense should be relatively flat then you are saying for the fullyear?
John Bryan: That's right.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Okay, and this guidance of$0.40 in cost inflation for '08, that assumes that you are what, 50% hedgedalready? You've given that ratio before, just to have a sense?
David Mackay: Probably around 50%.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Okay. And then just on theCereal side in terms of the ability to increase prices, I know we've touched onthis before, but the concern I have is that when I look at your major priceincreases, September '06. If I am not wrong that was mostly resizing of FrostedFlakes, Mini-Wheats and Rice Krispies. And since then okay, you have a $0.04price per pound increase, but I think that's mostly milk. I am just trying toget a sense of what's been the real price increase on what I would call alike-for-like basis? And aren't you having an issue with price points on a perbox basis now, particularly when Mills is resizing?
David Mackay: Well, I don't think we canget into any specifics on the call. And we haven't actually, we have justtalked about pricing more holistically on a broad based perspective until we,we are not going to discuss exactly what we are doing. But we feel verycomfortable going forward with what our plans are and when they hit the market,we'll let you know. John, anything you want to add?
John Bryant: I'd just, Pablo, just to giveyou a sense of pricing globally for the company, we have about 3.1% I think itis price mix benefit, about a third of that is price, and two-thirds is mix.And you can see in IRI data, we get some good price mix coming through the dataas well.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Yeah, and just to follow up,David, if you can talk about the Crackers business, I mean that seems there's alot going on there. Lots of innovation around Club and Town House, and nowAll-Bran going to whole grain, just give us a little more color there? It lookslike -- I look at Cheez-It, you have Sticks Cheez-It; then on Club, you haveSticks Club; I mean what's the idea there? How are you segmenting thatportfolio? How should we think of that going forward?
David Mackay: Yeah, I think well when youlook at the Crackers market, I mean it continues to do relatively well, even inIRI it is up. And then when you take all channels you'll probably add another 2or 3% so it's doing pretty well and has for the last two or three years. We arelooking at Cheez-It, the big cheesy taste and looking at other ways to bringnew food forms, to bring other consumers in that may be on the outskirts of thebrand. And then with Club, thebuttery taste of Club and some of the derivatives we've had there, we've seennice performance particularly well. So it's just looking and segmenting themarket and finding ways to actually bring new consumers in by differentpictures and different flavors, Pablo, and it's working.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: And just one last one, David,if I may. When I look at the organic business, Kashi apparently quitesuccessfully going into frozen pizza and frozen dinners, do you see room forKellogg to do another transaction on the organic front like; I don't want togive names, but there is a) Mills, there's many other brands out there. Or isKellogg just interested to Kashi as its organic platform?
David Mackay: Well, we don't want tospeculate on what we might or might not do going forward, but Kashi continuesto grow at a strong double digit. We believe it can continue to perform well inall the categories it's in. Consistent with what you are probably seeing innatural and organic, that area does continue to grow strongly, probably arounddouble digit. So we are looking at how we can continue to participate in thatand if we find new opportunities then we'll let you know at that time.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will comefrom David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Good morning, everyone.
David Mackay: Good morning, David.
John Bryant: Hi David.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: I apologize, I've got threequestions but they are all related on the same topic, if I can. The firstquestion, I had for you guys is, when is the last time Kellogg experiencedcommodity inflation at a 5% level?
John Bryant: Well, let me just clarify,the 5% inflation that we mentioned before, which I think our peer group talksabout as well, is all inflation and not just commodity benefit, it's fuel. Sothere's other elements of inflation that gets into that sort of metric. In thelast three years we've been tracking in that broad ballpark.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: But this should be thehighest number would it not?
John Bryant: In certainly the commoditycomponent, this is the highest number we'd seen. I think if you go back quite awhile since the company's seen this sort of inflation.
David Mackay: It would be, I am guessing tobe frank, probably seven or eight years before getting it even close to this,apart from '06 and '07 which has also been quite high.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: My related question is, is thatwhen I look at the price mix, its 3.1 percentage points in the quarter, but it'sdecelerated from the year-to-date number at 3.6. Can you guys just talk alittle bit about why it would be decelerating when it looks like the commodityside is accelerating?
John Bryant: I am not sure I would reallycall it decelerating, David. It's really a lower number, but I would say we arestill driving price mix very hard and it's our intention to continue to drivethat into next year. That's the big reason why we have a goal of midsingle-digit sales growth next year.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Would you say, and that's thefinal question, I had is what is the assumption for price mix for 2008 is itmore than the half of your expected sales growth?
John Bryant: I don't want to give too muchguidance on that. But clearly with the environment we're operating in price mixwill be an important part of delivering next year's numbers.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Very good. Thanks very much.
David Mackay: Take one more question,Andrea.
Operator: Okay. Our next question willcome from Eric Serotta with Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Hi, thanks for taking thequestion. First of all could you comment on brand building in aggregate for thequarter? I know you spoke about advertising, but previously I think you'dmentioned that consumer promotion expense might be down somewhat given theefficiencies you are realizing. And what kind of benefit did you get in thequarter and year-to-date from some of those efficiencies?
David Mackay: Yeah, I think we spoke aboutthis a long time ago, but basically through the course of 2007 and probablyeven in Q4 '06 we benefited from a global exercise where we looked at ourconsumer promotion spend, tried to drive for efficiencies, purchasing insertson a global basis versus area to area, cutting out some of the least impactfulspend. So that has helped us on a one-time basis through the end of '06 andthrough '07. Accounts, I don't knowwhether we have actually dimensionalized that, but it was a positive. And that'swhy, certainly for this year we have been focusing more on the advertising soit didn't distort the number.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and just a couple ofjust final housekeeping items, I know that you don't want to talk aboutspecifics of acquisitions, but every company defines bolt-on acquisitionsdifferently. Can you give us a sense as to what we should expect forcontribution from acquisitions in aggregate? You mentioned you had, I think yousaid several on the front burner for the next quarter or so. What kind ofcontribution in terms of percent of total sales do you think in aggregate theseacquisitions could add?
John Bryant: It's a difficult question anda good opportunity to clarify. We are looking at several acquisitions but inaggregate the several acquisitions will cost us between $200 million and $300million. So these are relatively small acquisitions. Again, all of themcombined are only $200 million to $300 million from a purchase priceperspective, relatively small acquisitions. They are strategic around theportfolio, whether it be interesting parts of the world for us or pulling outour portfolio in the U.S.So these are not acquisitions which are going to dramatically drive our P&Lor our balance sheet.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then just lastly tofinally clarify just once again on the North American Cereal inventorysituation. I just want to clarify, did you see any customer inventoryde-stocking on a sequential basis 2Q to 3Q? Or was this all attributable to theyear-over-year impact of customers carrying some high inventories in the thirdquarter of last year and then drawing them down in the fourth quarter of lastyear?
John Bryant: I think the bulk of it, Eric,was that latter point, that last year we finished Q3 with a higher inventorylevel than was appropriate. We pulled it down in Q4. So this year we actuallymade that change in Q3 and that's why consumption is 3%, 4% up and shipmentswere flat. So we will see a slight benefit in Q4 on the shipment side. Itshould be stronger shipments in Cereal in Q4.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks a lot.
David Mackay: Thank you.
John Bryant: Okay, thanks very much.Andrea, we are all set.
David Mackay: Thank you very much for yourtime. That concludes the call.
Operator: Thank you. And that doesconclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation. Andhave a great day.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-26 09:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Simon Burton - Vice President, Investor Relations   David Mackay - President, Chief Executive Officer   John Bryant - Chief Financial Officer   Gary Pilnick - General Counsel 
Analysts: Ken Goldman - Bear Stearns   Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan   Chris Growe - AG Edwards   Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns   Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank   John Feeney - Wachovia Securities   Tim Ramey - D.A. Davidson   David Driscoll - Citigroup   Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch   Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs   Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein   David Adelman - Morgan Stanley   David Palmer - UBS 
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg's Company 2007 second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Simon Burton, Kellogg Company Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Burton, you may now begin your conference. 
Simon Burton : Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for a review of our second quarter results and for some discussion regarding our strategy and outlook. With me here in Battle Creek are David Mackay, President and CEO; John Bryant, CFO; and Gary Pilnick, General Counsel.  We must point out that certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow and debt reduction are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings.  A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday evening by dialing 888-203-1112 in the U.S. and 719-457-0820 from international locations. Pass code for both numbers is 6714942. The call will also be available by a webcast which will be archived for 90 days.  I will now turn it over to Dave. 
 Dave Mackay: Thank you, Simon and good morning, everyone. As you can see from this morning's press release, the quarter was a strong one. The double-digit earnings growth was higher than expected and was of very good quality. The mid single-digit internal revenue growth we posted exceeded our long-term targets, as momentum continued behind excellent innovation and brand building that resonated with consumers.  Importantly, we capitalized on this strong growth with leverage throughout the P&L. Gross margin exceeded our internal expectations and we saw margin expansion in the quarter and we achieved this result despite continued cost of goods inflation. We delivered very strong operating profit growth and operating margin expansion and we achieved this while increasing investment in brand building and while making significantly greater investment in upfront costs than we originally anticipated. These results combined with below the line leverage to provide another quarter of excellent EPS growth.  All this was a result of continued reinvestment and strong execution. We have launched some great innovation over the past year and we have had the brand building to support it. We've also executed well across categories and regions and we gained share in many of them.  Many of you know that our business model is designed to provide confidence in the company's ability to deliver dependable and sustainable rates of growth in future years. The strength of the business in the first half of the year has provided us additional flexibility to invest even more heavily in future visibility. So we have increased our estimate for upfront costs for the year from $0.14 to approximately $0.17 per share. We've increased our estimate for commodity inflation and still tightened our fully earnings guidance to $2.71 to $2.74 per share.  Slide 4 highlights our financial performance in the second quarter. Reported net sales increased by 9%, lapping a difficult 7% sales growth in the second quarter of last year. Internal sales growth, which excludes the effect of foreign exchange, was 6%, also building on 7% internal growth last year. Reported operating profit increased by 12%. Internal growth was 9% and operating margin increased by 60 basis points.  As I said, we achieved these results despite significant investment in brand building and more investment in upfront costs than we had anticipated. In fact, we invested approximately $0.08 of EPS into upfront costs this quarter. The year-over-year impact lowered the internal operating profit growth rate by almost 5% so we have invested half of the amount we expect to invest during the year in the first half.  Earnings per share increased by 12% due to the excellent operating results. Cash flow in the first half was $569 million which is $229 million more than in the first half of last year. Let's look at each of these in a little bit more detail.  If you look at slide 5, it shows our net sales growth. Reported net sales growth in the quarter was 8.7%. The effect of currency translation added 2.5%, leaving a very strong internal sales growth of 6.2%. As you can see, we again had a good balance between tonnage growth and price mix benefits. Much of the measured channel data is showing this here in the U.S. and in other regions of the world.  Despite exceeding our growth goals, we remain committed to further investment in our business. This will drive visibility into future growth and will help us achieve our long-term goal of dependable, sustainable rates of growth.  Now let's turn to slide 6 and a discussion of our investment in advertising. We increased this investment at a double-digit rate in both the second quarter and in the first half. In the second quarter, we ran a number of strong ad campaigns around the world including our successful two-week challenge event. We also ran Shrek and Pirates of the Caribbean promotions in many of our businesses around the world and we've got an Xbox themed promotion to come later in the year. We recognize that this investment is essential to achieve our targets and we have a significant amount of spending planned in the back half of the year to support both new and existing products.  I now would like to turn it over to John for an overview of our financial performance. 
 John Bryant: Thanks, David and good morning, everyone. Slide 7 shows our second quarter gross margin performance. As David said earlier, gross margin increased in the second quarter. This 120 basis point improvement was ahead of internal expectations and was achieved despite the impact of continued cost inflation. The margin expansion was driven by good operating leverage, savings from cost reduction initiatives and favorable price mix. In addition, we benefited from a difference in the amount of upfront costs recognized in cost of goods this quarter and from last year's consumer promotion cost savings initiative.  As we told you last quarter, commodity, fuel, energy and benefit costs continue to be volatile. It now appears that some costs in the second half of the year will be even greater than our original estimates. So we now expect that these incremental costs will account for approximately $0.26 to $0.30 of EPS in 2007 or approximately $0.08 more than our previous guidance. We expect that full year gross margin will decline by approximately 50 basis points as we told you last quarter.  This inflation will be back half loaded, as we saw approximately one-third of the inflation we expect for the full year in the first half of the year. So while we are very happy with this margin performance, as we said before, we bank dollars, not improved margin and in the second quarter we generated $142 million of additional gross profit or 11% growth from the second quarter of last year. In the first half of the year, we've generated $209 million of incremental gross profit and increased gross profit that will fund our visibility into growth in future periods.  Now let's turn to slide 8 and a discussion of operating profit by region. This slide shows the growth in internal operating profit in each of our geographic reporting areas. In North America, second quarter internal operating profit growth increased by 11% as a result of net sales growth and operating leverage and some timing benefits from brand building activities. Increased upfront costs in North America in the quarter lowered internal operating profit growth by more than 4% and we also faced significant cost inflation.  In Europe, 7% internal net sales growth drove 19% profit growth as we again saw the benefits from operating leverage and less volatile commodity costs. The European business achieved this growth despite a double digit increase in investment in advertising and the year-over-year increase in upfront costs.  In Latin America, quarterly internal operating profit declined by 8%, lapping difficult comparisons and driven by high commodity costs and double-digit increases in investment, in brand building and in R&D.  Finally, in Asia Pacific, internal operating profit decreased by 26% or $6 million. This decline was largely the result of asset write-offs and efficiency initiatives in Australia. In addition, we increased brand building in Asia and South Africa and saw continued weakness in the Australian snacks business.  For the quarter, consolidated internal operating profit growth was 9%, including the impact of increased investment in advertising and significant cost inflation. Increased investment in upfront costs in the quarter lowered consolidated internal operating profit growth by almost 5%. Below the operating profit line, interest expense was approximately unchanged and the tax rate was 32%. Now, let's turn to slide 9 and a more detailed discussion of cash flow.  Good cash flow growth continued in the second quarter and in the first half we generated $569 million of cash. This is significantly greater than the $340 million generated to this point last year. This growth has been driven in part by strong net earnings growth, excellent performance in trade payables and timing of brand building. Obviously, the cash flow metric is very important for us and we will remain focused on improvement in the future.  Our estimate for depreciation is now $350 million, up from the $330 million I mentioned last quarter. This increase is due to the impact of upfront and higher asset write-offs. For the full year we now have even greater confidence that we can meet our guidance for cash flow of between $950 million and $1.025 billion.  Turning to slide 10. In Q2, we saw sales growth driven by the success of new products, great advertising and promotions and excellent in-store execution. We made significantly greater than anticipated investment in future growth and still saw operating leverage, which led to gross margin expansion and ultimately significant operating profit growth and operating margin expansion. We saw very strong EPS and cash flow growth. All of which should give you confidence that we can achieve another year of dependable, sustainable rates of growth in 2007.  Now let's turn to slide 11 and look at upfront costs of the year. The upfront cost initiative that we announced last week in our snacks business will account for approximately $0.13 to $0.15 of EPS or most of the investment we will make in 2007. As you remember, this initiative involves exiting franchise agreements and reorganizing our DSD network in the southeast. The initiative includes the cost of buying out franchisees and streamlining activities and should drive future cost savings and sales growth.  The European initiative that we began last year will add approximately another $0.03 to the total for the year and makes up the remainder of the total. As you remember, this amount is less than the approximately $30 million for 2007 that we expected previously. As we said, these projects provide essential cost savings that will help us to offset inflation in future periods, so we are pleased to be increasing this year's investment.  If you will turn to slide 12, we'll look at guidance for the remainder of the year. We continue to expect that full year revenues will grow at a mid single-digit rate, greater than our low single-digit long-term target. You can see that we now expect earnings to be between $2.71 and $2.74 per share. Notably, this guidance also includes an increased estimate for total incremental commodity, fuel, energy and benefit costs of approximately $0.26 to $0.30 per share; an $0.08 increase from our previous estimate.  As we mentioned earlier, we also expect to absorb upfront costs for the full year of approximately $0.17 of EPS or $0.03 more than we expected previously. These projects provide added visibility for future periods, so we are pleased to be able to make this additional investment this year.  We continue to expect some leverage below the operating profit line for the year. We expect essentially flat net interest expense, but we now expect the tax rate will be approximately 30%. The benefits from this lower rate will be more than off set by the increased cost inflation and higher investment in upfront costs and brand building that we mentioned earlier.  So to wrap up, we are pleased with the quarter's strong performance, our current momentum and our ability to increase our investment in future growth even while absorbing increased cost pressures. Most important though, is our model has the flexibility to allow us to absorb all of this and maintain our strong earnings guidance.  Now I will turn it back over to David for a review of our businesses. 
 Dave Mackay:  Thanks, John. If we could turn to slide 13 and the internal sales growth posted by our North American businesses in the quarter. We are happy with the 6% growth overall and this growth is lapping a strong 8% growth in Q2 of last year. As you can see, we posted growth in each of the businesses in the quarter. We had good results from product and packaging innovation, and our execution and both traditional retail and specialty channels remained strong.  We will look at each of these business in more detail, turning to slide 14, which shows our North American cereal sales growth. We posted 3% internal growth this quarter, building on a strong 4% growth in the second quarter of last year. Much like last quarter, our base sales increased in the latest measured channel data and our price per pound increased by more than 3%. We also have higher promoted prices for the 13-week and year-to-date periods. So our sales force has really been executing well and the results have shown in this quarter's data.  We recently launched Mini Wheats Cinnamon Streusel, Corn Pops Peanut Butter and Chocolate, a new version of Fruit Loops and the Straws products we told you about last quarter. These and other products including All Bran, Rice Krispies, Smart Start and Special K contributed to the quarter's strong results.  Kashi posted another strong quarter. In fact, you can see double-digit sales growth in share gains in the measured channel data, which was driven by Heart To Heart and Go Lean and Organic Promise. Our Canadian business posted internal sales growth, as we continued to benefit from good innovation earlier this year and the category continued to grow. Special K Chocolate, All Bran Guardian and Strawberry Mini Wheats all contributed and all held good share positions. For the second half, we recently introduced both Special K Fruit and Yogurt and Rice Krispies Vanilla.  Slide 15 details the strong 9% growth posted by our snacks business in the second quarter. As you can see, this excellent growth built on double-digit growth in the second quarter of 2006. As we look for more detail on slide 16, our PopTarts business posted mid single-digits sales growth in the second quarter, despite the fact that we were lapping the introduction of Go Tarts in the first half of last year. In addition, measured channel category share for the quarter was 86.5%.  The cracker business also posted quarterly growth on very difficult double-digit comparison as Club and Townhouse both did well. In addition, we also saw growth from Cracker Packs, Right Bites and the new All Bran crackers. We also gained cracker category share in the quarter and recently introduced some great new products including Club Puffs. It's early with these, but we're encouraged by the initial success. We also introduced Carr's Cheese Melts and Right Bites variety pack in the second half.  We saw excellent sales growth in category share gains in our cookie business and we are again lapping good growth in the second quarter of last year. Sandies, Grips, On The Go, and Famous Amos all added to the growth. Our innovation and brand building has been strong and we are seeing the benefits. We have got more activity planned, including a new version of Grips and we just launched Dipping Delights. Again it's early, but they appear to be starting well.  The wholesome snack business also did well in the quarter. Special K bars have been posting excellent double-digit growth for a number of quarters. We also saw great results from Rice Krispies Squares, Nutrigrain bars and Crunchy Nut bars. Finally in Canada, we saw double-digit internal sales growth, also the result of innovation and category growth. Sweet and Salty bars continue to do well, as did All Bran bars, as the result of strong media support.  If we can now turn to our frozen and specialty channels business on slide 17, our Eggo business posted high single-digit revenue growth from good gains and price mix and this was lapping high single-digit growth in the second quarter of last year. Eggo Pancakes posted another quarter of strong growth, as did French Toast Sticks and Kashi Waffles.  Our veggie food business posted growth, also off a difficult double-digit comp from last year. We are seeing good growth driven by innovation and we are also seeing strong results from our Kashi frozen entree business. We shipped three new varieties earlier this year and, as you know, we just launched Kashi frozen pizzas.  Finally, our specialty channels business also had a good quarter with the food service and vending and the convenience and drug businesses both contributing. Specialty channels continue to drive excellent results through a combination of effective innovation and great execution in the second quarter.  If we turn to slide 18, you can see some recent innovation. While this is only a sample of the new products, you can see the activity spans both geographic regions and categories. Our long-term goal is for innovation introduced in the prior three years to account for about 15% of the current year sales. As you know, we have exceeded this goal in recent years and it is the contribution from this innovation that has helped drive much of the benefit we are seeing in price mix.  Slide 19 shows specific detail on our International businesses. You can see on the slide that Kellogg International posted 6% internal sales growth in the second quarter, lapping a strong 5% comparison in the second quarter of last year. This growth was led by excellent results in both Europe and Latin America.  Now, if you will turn to slide 20, you will see internal growth highlighted by area. In Europe, we posted 7% internal sales growth and saw good growth in both cereal and snacks. In cereal, Special K Sustain and Multigrain Corn Flakes are being introduced in a number of countries in the region and we are investing behind the Optivita Heart Health brand we launched last year. In the U.K., our biggest business in the region, we saw very strong high single-digit cereal category growth in the quarter and we gained share. Innovation introduced in recent months, including Special K Bliss, Optivita and a new version of Coco Puffs contributed to the performance. We also saw strong sales performance in other key European markets, including Spain, France, Ireland, Italy and Benelux.  In Latin America we posted 8% internal sales growth, also as a result of growth in both cereal and snacks. In Mexico, growth was driven by the cereal business and by our ready-to-drink All Bran and Special K shelf stable milk products. New products and promotions such as the Special K Summer Challenge contributed and we just introduced Special K Mini Snacks and have Special K Bliss cereal planned for introduction in the third quarter. Venezuela, Colombia and Ecuador all posted good internal sales growth in the quarter.  Finally, in the Asia Pacific region, we saw cereal sales growth in Asia, as both our South Korean and Indian businesses did well. We also saw good results in our new Japanese snacks business behind the All Bran, Special K and Genmai brands. We've gained solid share positions in this business and category growth rates have been high. Our Australian business posted large sales, as difficult category conditions continued in the snacks business in the second quarter. We continue to expect that this situation will shake out over time, much as it has in other parts of the world.  So in summary, we are very pleased with the results we posted in the first half of 2007. In fact, it is this strong start to the year that gives us even more confidence for the remainder of the year and beyond. We are seeing better momentum this year than we expected. Our strong brand-building programs and innovation continue to drive these results and we have continued to execute well around the world.  With increased investment in future growth, we've significantly increased our investment in upfront costs, which will help drive efficiency gains and help offset commodity and energy inflation in future periods. We have also planned to increase investment brand building in the balance of the year. So, both of these things will build on the year's already excellent earnings quality.  We have done all of this while maintaining our earnings guidance, which all hopefully increases your confidence that we can deliver our targeted rates of growth again in 2007 and shows our commitment to manage the business for long-term, sustainable, dependable performance.  With that, I would like to open it up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ken Goldman - Bear Stearns. 
 Ken Goldman - Bear Stearns: A question on cash. You have a lot of cash on the balance sheet right now, the most it seems to me this decade. How comfortable, John, are you holding that amount of cash against the possibility of returning it to shareholders? And if you do plan to return it, can you talk about which forms of returning cash you are considering? 
 John Bryant:  If you look at the cash we have on the balance sheet, first recognize that our cash flow performance is very strong through the first half of the year. I think it is actually not that far out of line from what we had in the past. We've had cash on the balance sheet around the $500 million mark in the past. So it's a little bit higher than what we would normally have but not out of line.  As I look at returning cash to shareholders, that has obviously been the primary use of cash over the last few years and will continue to be the primary use of cash this year. We have the dividend. We've increased that by 6.5% this year and we have the authorization for a share buy back of up to $650 million, which we still intend to fully execute and we are slightly less than halfway through that. 
Operator:  We will take our next question from Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan. 
 Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Good morning, everyone. More of a strategic question, all this growth that you have in snacks is quite remarkable and also you've been able to sustain it. How are you going to be effected by what you are doing with these DSD changes? Is what is driving the DSD changes [inaudible] or is this an initiative to take more control and give you more access to what we call the single serve channels? How should we think about that? I'll have a follow-up if you don't mind. 
 Dave Mackay:  The initiative you are referring to involves us buying back distributor wraps, in the southeast principally. When we bought the Keebler business, we had about 517 of these independent equity distributors there. The key drive for this is really to enable us to further streamline our systems for distribution, to enhance that DSD system and to continue to improve service in that part of the geography. We think it as very strong initiative for us. We think it will actually improve our performance in that part of the U.S., and hopefully, the bulk of that work will be behind us at the end of Q3, Pablo. 
 Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan:  Just to follow up, if I may. When I look at this recent management change and Jeff moving to International and Brian moving to North America, I have to say that in Europe, very encouraging, right? Sales up, profit margins up now for a couple of quarters. North American sales continue to go up and we had margin expansion this quarter after you make all the adjustments. Why mess with that? Since Jeff is running North America so well. John was doing a good job in International, how should we think of that. I mean, I assume it's succession planning here, but isn't it taking a big risk here? 
 Dave Mackay:  We have a very strong senior management bench at the Kellogg Company. We are taking an opportunity to develop a number of them with these moves, not only John and Jeff, but Paul, Brad, Mark, a number of other people further down the organization. So really what this is about is developing our management bench and retaining our key talent, Pablo. 
Operator:  We will take our next question from Chris Growe - AG Edwards. 
 Chris Growe - AG Edwards:  I just had a quick question for you here. If you look at the Asian Pacific division, were there upfront costs associated with that in the quarter? There was a mention of write-offs. Would it take more restructuring of that business to help improve the profit performance there? 
 John Bryant:  I will take the first half of that question. In terms of upfront costs, we didn't classify those items, upfront costs in the quarter. There was about $4 million of items between asset write-offs and severance costs, but it was below our normal materiality threshold to classify as upfront costs. 
 Dave Mackay:  I think, Chris, for the second part, wherever we an opportunity to improve the business, we have been taking it. We don't see significantly more activity going forward, but until we identify it, we really don't comment on it. 
 Chris Growe - AG Edwards: Relative to the cereal category, is there a suggestion that Kellogg may be a little more offensive in the second half of the year? You have your big competitor making quite a bit of change in their package sizes and pricing. Will that require more promotional than you've announced in the short run here? 
 Dave Mackay:  As we have said before, we will continue to play our game. We will focus on the fundamentals, driving strong innovation and brand building. We have seen late in the second quarter and we do anticipate seeing through the third quarter probably a heightened level of promotional activity and that level of discounting and coupon usage we believe will dissipate as we finish Q3. 
Operator:  We will take our next question from Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns. 
 Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Dave, we talked about this before. Clearly Mills has to clear some stuff off the shelves before the resizing comes in. What can you tell us so far about how they are moving the old stuff off the shelf, what you are seeing in terms of the new? It seems like that might be disruptive, but I would like to hear your thought on it. 
 Dave Mackay:  I think probably you are better to ask them. I think if you look at the measured channel data through the second quarter. I think what you can see there is that, as far as the base prices and promoted prices, Kellogg and all competitors, apart from one, actually saw the base price up and the promoted prices up and one competitor actually saw them go down. So I think you saw the start of that, as I said in responding to Chris' question, we do expect in Q3 a heightened level of promotional activity, but that level of discounting and coupon usage will dissipate, we believe, as we finish Q3. 
Operator:  We will take our next question from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank. 
 Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: John, did you provide the breakdown between cost of goods and SG&A in terms of the $0.08 in one-time costs, could you do that? 
 John Bryant: In the second quarter was $0.07 in SG&A in North America and $0.01 in cost of goods in Europe. 
 Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: For the bigger picture question, inflation cost has been rising. Everybody in the industry has recognized that. In fact, as the quarter ended, it actually accelerated. I am wondering if Dave, you could talk about the challenges of having to rely on upon discreet pricing actions, as opposed to some parts of the industry where it is just a contracted pass through? And how that works if costs are rising like they are and are just that much more volatile.  Do you think that given your brand building and new products that you have the ability, let's say, to go back to the major retailers and ask for pricing three months or six months after one was initiated? Or do you think you kind of have to wait in what has historically been a once a year process? 
 Dave Mackay:  We actually in U.S. cereal took about a 1% weighted increase a month or so ago. If we are going to talk about future pricing, the level of commodity and energy inflation certainly, you can see it as we have taken our expectations up for the year and we were pretty well hedged when we talked on the first quarter call. We had wheat covered through July but were open thereafter. That has been a big part of that increase. Dairy which isn't a big component for us, still has risen so fast that even though we don't use a lot, it's hurt us. I think going forward it is really up to everyone. Our business model is very clear. The way we are going to run the business is clear. We will make the right decision so we can keep driving the business as we go forward. 
 Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank:  But is it your sense, just to speak more broadly as a company that is obviously doing well in a tough environment, is it your sense that the retailers out there are willing to consider a more aggressive pricing as opposed to one time per year? I assume that by mentioning the 1% weighted price increase that you put through a month ago, that was successful and that you do think it is possible to be more timely in terms of pricing when necessary. 
 Dave Mackay:  I think you have to talk to retailers. Specifically, when we talk to them, they're seeing many of the same costs we are seeing, so there is an absolute awareness of what is going on in FMCG and the food and beverage industry, but I really can't comment more than that. 
 Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank:  You guys only allow me to ask one question. They won't even answer one. So, what can I tell you. Thank you. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We will take the next question from John Feeney - Wachovia. 
 John Feeney - Wachovia Securities : Congratulations. On the Asia Pacific side, could you give us a sense as to how the business is outside Australia? New Zealand grew in some the faster population growth markets. Maybe in that, comment about you long-term strategy to maybe try to increase your exposure to these fast growing global markets? 
 Dave Mackay: The way we now report Asia Pacific also includes South Africa, Asia and Australia. South Africa and Asia were up I think high single-digits for the quarter. Really the only weakness in that area was with Australia and it was principally focused on the snacks business.  As far as our long-term view for South Africa and Asia, we do believe there are significant opportunities for us there. There are some markets across that geography where we really don't have a presence. We've been doing a lot of work looking at it and when we get to a point where we have got something that we believe can be accretive to the shareholders, then we'll come forward and talk specifically about it. But it remains a potentially opportunity for us, but not an easy one. 
 John Feeney - Wachovia Securities :  You use the term accretive. Can I read into that you are maybe thinking of acquiring in that region? 
 Dave Mackay:  We have said before that our thrust, as far as some of these developing markets to go, would be either joint ventures or acquisitions. That's really still our major thrust, is where can we partner with someone who gets a common benefit with us or is there a business there that we could buy? Most of those we're talking a small bolt-on type acquisitions market- to-market. 
Operator:  We will take our next question from Tim Ramey - D.A. Davidson. 
 Tim Ramey - D.A. Davidson: Just trying to better understand the gross margin performance, which was a pleasant surprise and how that might play out sequentially for the second half of the year. You mentioned earlier that $0.07 of the upfront costs were in SG&A, which explains part of the surprise. Can you mention what the breakdown was last year? Did that discontinuity account for part of the upside in gross margin. 
 John Bryant:  It's a good question and you're right. Part of the benefit in gross margin in the quarter is lower upfront costs going to cost to goods. The other one is cost of goods promotion. Just to give you an sense of what is going on there, we were up about 120 basis points in gross margin. About 50 basis points is because of upfront costs being in SG&A rather than cost of goods year on year. About 60 basis points is our cost promotion challenge. Those are things like toys in the box and so on, that would really be increased advertising. That was about 60 basis points.  If you look year-to-date, we are basically flat on gross margin year on year as a percent of sales. We're still indicating that we are going to be down approximately 50 basis points for the year so we are saying that increased inflation in the back half of the year will put some pressure on gross margin as a percent of sales in the back half. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from David Palmer - UBS. 
 David Palmer - UBS:  Just a clarification question. Before when you mentioned competitors' couponing and promotional activity that you believe will dissipate, is that because presumably that they will get the inventory of the old boxes sold through and they will get to what you believe is a more benign strategy with the new sizes and price point on those sizes? Thanks. 
 Dave Mackay:  I think, David, they are currently working through the inventory liquidation and it as big undertaking, I am sure. Once they get that behind them, then we would expect to see things to return more to normal. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from David Driscoll - Citigroup. 
 David Driscoll - Citigroup: Good job on the quarter. A question on the guidance. Last year I believe the commodity cost was back half weighted. You are saying that again year it is going to be back half weighted. In the second half of '06, I believe EPS was up about 3% year on year and you have EPS up 3% year on year again with the guidance today back half. However, you have been growing that first half of the year is up 14%.  Can you reconcile this for me? It feels very uneven, in terms of what's happening. It would seem more logical to expect the year-on-year variances in commodity costs to be easier, given how difficult it was in 2H06. So John, can you start to reconcile some of these facts here? 
 Dave Mackay:  Let me have a crack at that. I think that what I would say overarching all of that is our business model is working and we've had a great first half. I think as a result of that, we have increased confidence as we look at the back half of the year, so we are investing heavily in brand building and taking that up. We are investing heavily in cost reduction and efficiency gains. When we talk about absorbing higher commodities and energy, if you look at the year when we are in first quarter, the midpoint of our 18 to 22, that $0.20, we fell $0.10 in the first half so the other $0.10 is still there, but we have now seen another $0.08, all of which will fall in the second half of the year.  So that's a big headwind for us in the back half. We think we are taking a realistic view on the second half, given the factors we see. Certainly North American cereal in the third quarter, that is going to be a bit choppy. But, net-net, we are on track for another strong year of sustainable, dependable performance. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch. 
 Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: You guys had a nice balance between price mix and tonnage growth in the second quarter, as you have for the past few quarters. I'm wondering how you see that balance playing out over the second half, as you face some tougher comps I think it was some earlier than expected benefit from pricing in U.S. cereal last year and pricing across the board in the second half of last year. 
 Dave Mackay: Eric , I think broadly we'd anticipate that trend to continue. It might move a little bit, but broadly speaking, roughly equivalent. I think we got 60%, two-thirds in price mix and one-third or 40% in volume. Somewhere in that broad metrics we'd see the balance of the 
 Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: U.S. retail cereal, you're volumes were down slightly this quarter and I realize you're not managing the company for volumes and certainly not managing the cereal business for it, but how comfortable are you with that kind of a trend continuing over the rest of the year into next year, where growth in North American cereal being driven largely by price mix than volume. 
 Dave Mackay:  If you look at volume, all channels -- because remember you are looking only at IRI data, which doesn't give as clear a picture. Volume was actually up about 1%. You look at the category, it grew about 3%, we are about the same, so we broadly held share. So that price is a pretty good performance given what was going on in the second quarter. We broadly anticipate that for the balance of the year with a little bit of an unknown in third quarter given some of the inventory liquidation going on. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs. 
 Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs: One quick follow-up on the commodity cost guidance. Given last quarter that you talked about being 80% locked in for the year, seems like a pretty big increase notwithstanding the inflation we're seeing. Can you comment on whether you are approaching the contracting any different? Are you going out longer to try to minimize this volatility on a quarter-to-quarter basis? 
 Dave Mackay:  Steven, firstly, you are right in your observation. It was a bit of a surprise. We were about 70%, 80% covered in Q1. We had wheat covered through July. And as that opens up, you can see wheat stayed at a 20-year high. That is probably made up 25% to 40% of that $0.08. Dairy, as I mentioned earlier, we are not a big user of dairy, but the increases are such that even that has had an impact. And some of the packaging costs, like things like resin, are way up. Aluminum is also up and fuel and diesel in the back half has gone up significantly versus the first half, when you saw the price of oil at whatever, $66 going to $76. The balance was just miscellaneous raft of items that really are too small to cover.  But we have said that we think these moves in commodity prices are a structural change. We are going to run the business to absorb them and continue to deliver sustainable, dependable results as we go forward and it is just the environment in which we live and compete today and we've just got to move on. So it was a big increase, but it is what it is. 
 Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs: The other question I had is kind of a two-part question on Kashi. First, you continue to see great growth out of that brand. Could you first comment on what, if any, impact you might be feeling in the Kashi brand from some of the larger brands coming out with their own organic varieties in mainstream, even your Kellogg brands? Secondly, just an update on how the frozen rollout is going. 
 Dave Mackay:  Kashi continues to do extremely well, up strong double-digits. It's gaining share in the cereal category and the natural organic products and the competition has intensified, but Kashi continues to grow at a very positive pace so we don't see any issues there. We see more opportunities, to be quite frank. As far as the Kashi entrees go, they are doing very well in that subsegment that we are targeting, which is more the natural and organic segment. That category is growing very fast and we are now number 2 in that category and gaining share. So a very strong performance thus far. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein. 
 Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Quick question on the advertising. I think when we last spoke the plan was to do mid single-digit increases in advertising for the full year. I guess it's been up much higher than that in the first half. Is the intention to take it up higher than that for the full year? 
 Dave Mackay:  We have actually said that we expected advertising to rise at a mid to high single-digit. We're actually doing double-digits through the first half. We anticipate even a higher level in the back half of this year, as we look for opportunities to invest behind new innovation and brands and build momentum as we go into 2008.  We also had mentioned Alexia, that part of that increased investment in advertising has been funded by the consumer promotions work we did last year, where we've looked to optimize globally and drive efficiencies in our consumer promotions. John mentioned, in the gross margin the COGs promotion was down in the quarter. That's a direct result of that activity where we've cut costs and streamlined and that investment is going back into advertising. So a strong year to go, a strong year on supporting brands and innovation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Adelman - Morgan Stanley. 
 David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: David, I was curious in this higher cost input environment, whether you think you are broadly seeing an alteration in the competitive behavior? In other words, do you think there is less share renting broadly, less deep promotional spending and so forth? 
 Dave Mackay: We will see how it pans out. I just think if people are looking to run their business for the long term versus getting too concerned in a given quarter, then there is going to be a granted disposition towards innovation and brand building and potentially less ability to on an ongoing basis to deep discount. But that varies in almost all categories you look at quarter to quarter. But that is certainly going to be our approach. It has been for the last five years and we think that will stand us in good stead as we look at this year and going into 2008. 
 David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: On the gross margin line, could you quantify what the improvement would be in basis points or the change year over year in the second quarter excluding the upfront influences in both periods? 
 Dave Mackay:  I think the upfront in COGs came down and gave us 50 basis point benefit in gross margin in Q2. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Pablo Zuanic – JP Morgan. 
 Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: David when I look at the Kraft [inaudible] deal and that Kellogg would have been involved also on the biscuit side. I mean, overseas it is cereal and your wholesome snacks. But you always say there is an opportunity there on the biscuit side. How should we think of the biscuit business on an international basis? It seems like you are just focusing on the U.S. 
 Dave Mackay:  While we don't comment on major deals like that that we are not involved in, we have said as we are looking at some of these geographies around the world, that we will consider all parts of our portfolio, wholesome snacks, biscuits and cereal and look from a consumer perspective at some of these developing markets, which is the best entry vehicle for us. So, that's as far as we have commented on that. 
 Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: To my knowledge there is no other market where you introduce biscuit. Is that correct? 
 Dave Mackay:  At that point, it is correct. Yes. 
 Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan:  Just one last one regarding Europe. Comment on the competition you are seeing from CPW in the major markets. If there is any market where you actually have lost shares to CPW in Western Europe? 
 Dave Mackay:  Europe overall remains a highly competitive market. Not only with branded but also, hard discounters. And as far as CPW in particular, I wouldn't want to single any one out. It as competitive market but the great thing about our European business is I think the heightened cycles there on innovation and brand building is actually coming through not only in overall category growth in the categories in which we compete, but our strong performance. 
Operator:  Our last question comes from David Palmer - UBS. 
 David Palmer - UBS: Longer term, is there an impact to margins from either of these two potential factors -- and I really mean over a long term basis. First, the mass channel potentially slowing down in its growth with perhaps a little bit better performance in supermarkets. I would imagine this has already happened to some degree. Second, ongoing faster growth in the non-cereal categories in the U.S. or internationally. Thanks. 
 Dave Mackay: I think the way that we deal with all of the trading partners is pretty consistent across the board. So it really doesn't matter which channel you look at. So, I don't see that as being a factor.  Then the only factor is on a percentage basis or a margin points basis, I think John went through what happens when our snacks business internationally grows as does cereal, we have a lower gross profit percent, but we actually have higher gross profit dollar generation and that's why you have seen in the last couple of quarters we are also giving people clarity on how much our gross profit dollar improves. Because at the end of the day it is the dollars you spend to drive the business. As you saw in Q2, we actually generated $142 million of incremental gross profit dollars. So I don't think that is going to be a significant factor for us. 
 David Palmer - UBS: Longer term, if you were projecting out gross margins over time, is this the kind of thing, that I mean, is there any way to quantify this mix drag? Maybe you can talk in terms of what we have seen thus far just in terms of the mix drag. 
 Dave Mackay:  I don't think so. If we drive out developing markets business, if we could get to a point where it is having impact we will explain it to you at that point in time. 
Operator:  Now, I would like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks. 
 Dave Mackay: I wanted to say thank you to everyone for their questions. It was a strong quarter and we are very much focused on driving our business model and delivering sustainable, dependable performances as we go forward. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-30 09:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-30 09:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Simon Burton - Director, IR   David Mackay - CEO   John Bryant - CFO 
Analysts: David Adelman - Morgan Stanley   Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns   Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank   David Palmer - UBS   John McMillin - Prudential Equity   Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities   Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch   Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan   David Nelson - Credit Suisse   Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein   Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities 
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to today's Full Year 2006 Year-End Earnings Review Conference Call. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the things over to your host, Mr. Simon Burton. Please go ahead, sir. 
Simon Burton: Thanks Jason. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us for a review of our fourth quarter and full year results and for a discussion regarding our strategy and outlook. With me here in Battle Creek are David Mackay, CEO; John Bryant, CFO; Gary Pilnick, General Counsel.  We must point out that certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance including net sales, operating profit, cash flow, earnings per share, margin, up-front costs, brand building and share repurchases are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ please refer to the second slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC fillings.  Beginning with the first quarter of 2006, the company adopted SFAS 123R and began to recognize expense related to employee stock option grants in reported results. To help investors understand comparable performance, we will consequently be using certain non-GAAP measures such as internal operating profit growth to discuss 2006 results. Please refer to the appendix reconciliation to US GAAP results at the end of this presentation. A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday evening by dialing 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 from international locations. The passcode for both numbers is 4244212. The call will also be available via webcast at www.kelloggcompany.com, which will be archived for 90 days.  Now, I would like to turn the call over to David. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
David Mackay: Thank you, Simon, and good morning everyone. It's glad to be here and to be able to report such strong results in my first quarter as CEO. We had strong sales momentum whole year and it continued through the fourth quarter. This growth was driven by successful product innovation and brand building programs.  The fourth quarter was strong with high single-digit sales growth and strong internal operating profit growth, adjusting for the significantly greater investment and cost reduction initiatives in the quarter. We've posted high single-digit internal revenue growth for the full year. In fact, we are pleased that this is another year of greater than targeted growth.  This revenue growth was driven by a positive combination of price mix and volume growth. All of which resulted from the success of our innovation, brand building efforts, and in-store execution. Excluding the effect of expensing stock options, we generated double-digit earnings per share growth, and we also continued to make significant investments in cost reduction initiatives. While these contributed to lower gross and operating profit margin than we would have otherwise realized, investment provides a good return and helps us provide sustainable rates of growth. So, by almost any measure, this was a successful year. We met or in most cases exceeded our long-term target, while investing in the future growth and while facing dramatically increased costs. In fact, it's the excellent execution by our team that will help us navigate through another year of cost inflation and again deliver strong results in 2007.  Now let's look at our results in more detail, and if you turn to slide four, it shows a summary of our key financial results.  Net sales increased by 7% in 2006 as a result of strong internal growth of 7% and a slightly favorable impact from foreign exchange. Reported net sales growth of 8% in the fourth quarter was also strong, as was internal growth of 6%. Internal operating profit increased by 4% in 2006 and reported operating profit increased by 1%, and the difference stands mainly from the expensing of stock options which began in 2006.  Internal operating profit growth was in line with our long-term target and we are very pleased to deliver these results given the dramatically high fuel, energy benefits, and commodity costs we again saw this year.  2006 was a solid year where we met our goal for operating profit growth and it's also the fourth consecutive year that we've faced significant incremental increases in costs. Internal operating profit in the fourth quarter also increased by 4% and included $27 million more in upfront costs than in the fourth quarter of last year. Reported operating profit for the quarter was approximately unchanged.  Earnings per share for the full year excluding effect of expensing stock options increased by 11%. This growth resulted from strong sales growth and fewer shares outstanding as a result of our continued share repurchase program. EPS was $0.45 in the fourth quarter and included a small charitable contribution. You'll note that full year EPS of $2.51 exceeded initial guidance for the year of $2.42 to $2.47 per share. In addition, up-front costs for the full year totaled $0.14 per share or $0.01 than our initial guidance. Full year cash flow reached $957 million, inline with our guidance.  Slide 5 shows our net sales growth, and for the full year, internal net sales growth was 6.8%. For the fourth quarter, internal sales growth was 6.1%. We are very pleased with these results with both a significantly greater than our long-term target. And as you can see, price mix and tonnage growth were balance contributors to internal sales growth for the full year. Our goal is to drive sustainable rates of profitable revenue growth and we are pleased by tonnage and price mix continues to contribute.  In the full year and for the quarter, we benefited from increased demand, mix improvement and the increased pricing that you've seen in measured channel data. The effect of foreign currency translation had a relatively small impact on full year results.  Now let's turn to slide six, which provides detail regarding advertising. And as you can see, during the year, we said we are going to undertake a major project to drive cost efficiency and effectiveness in the consumer promotion area and in media buy. We saw major efficiency benefits in consumer promotions in Q4 and we'll see a continued benefit in 2007 due to efficiency gains and optimization. So, while investment in brand building will increase in 2007, investment in advertising will increase significantly.  We haven't changed our long-term approach to increase brand building at a rate greater than sales growth, but obviously because of this initiative 2007 will be different. As a result, we'll show you investment and advertising on this chart during 2007. And as you can see, this investment has increased due to rate greater than sales growth, even though sales growth significantly exceeded our long-term target. And as I said, we continue to benefit from a disciplined review of our media planning and buying. As a result, we've increased our presence, developed more targeted communication, and lowered the cost.  We established best practices in terms of the global purchasing of premiums and are focusing on fewer, stronger and more effective promotional programs. We continue to leverage our bigger properties across our different businesses as we will in 2007 with Shrek 3 and the games supplier, Electronic Arts. Our commitment to building brands through our advertising and consumer promotion remained absolute. The efficiency gained in Q4 and throughout 2007 in our consumer promotion activities are a great example of our commitment to drive efficiency and effectiveness in all that we do.  And now, I'd like to turn it over to John for an overview of our financial performance. 
John Bryant: Thanks, David and good morning everyone.  Slide seven shows our performance over the past two years. Gross margin was significantly affected by increased up-front costs in the fourth quarter. In fact, without this effect gross margin would have increased by 40 basis points. Increased cost inflation, which began in the second half of 2005, has been a significant headwind in 2006, and we are happy to weather the increases as always we have.  The impact of cost inflation from commodities, fuel, energy and benefits decreased gross margin by 150 basis points for the full year and by 160 basis points in the fourth quarter. In fact in 2006, we incurred incremental commodity benefits, fuel and energy inflation equal to approximately $0.28 of EPS.  Also, we continue to experience some margin impacts from growth in certain new co-manufactured products this year. These arrangements have allowed us to introduce popular new products without initially committing capital. Partially offsetting inflation was a benefit that came from our cost efficiency project, productivity initiatives and the benefits from pricing actions taken in many of our major businesses in the last 12 months.  Given the volatility we see resulting from alternative energy and has impact on grains and fuel in the US, we see even more cost inflation in 2007 than we originally expected. In fact, our estimates for incremental benefit, commodity, fuel, and energy costs is now between $0.18 and $0.22 of EPS, a significant increase from initial estimates of between $0.10 and $0.16. We expect that this will lead to a gross margin decline of up to 50 basis points for the full year.  Now let's turn to slide 8 and look at operating profit. This slide shows the growth in the internal operating profit in each of our geographic reporting areas. In North America, full year internal operating profit growth was 7%. This result was driven by strong sales growth and was achieved despite significantly increased input cost inflation, although it benefited from lower up-front costs.  In Europe, full year internal operating profit growth increased by 1%, also achieved despite double-digit increases in advertising and increased input costs. Significantly higher up-front costs lowered full year operating profit growth by 8%. So, the growth we saw in Europe for the full year was excellent.  In Latin America, full year internal operating profit growth was an outstanding 9%, driven by strong sales growth and despite a double-digit increase in investment in advertising.  And in Asia-Pacific, we posted a full year internal operating profit decline of 9%, which resulted from a difficult operating environment in Australia and significant investment in Asia.  Consolidated operating profit growth was solid for the full year, inline with our long-term targets. The fourth quarter's results were also inline with our long-term targets, despite a significant increase in investment in up-front costs. And keep in mind that we delivered these results in a period of significant cost inflation and while continuing to invest in our business. Below the operating profit line, interest expense increased for the full year by $7 million and the tax rate for the full year was 31.7%, inline with our previous guidance.  Now let's turn to slide nine, which shows the history of our core working capital measured as a percentage of sales. As you can see, our improvement in this important metric continued in 2006 and 12-month rolling core working capital as a percentage of sales is 6.8%, which is industry leading performance. While the rolling 12-months result remained strong, you noticed on the balance sheet at year end 2006 that we saw increases in inventory balances versus year-end 2005. These were due primarily to input cost increases and an increase in the amount of inventories in preparation for new product launches. Despite this, our inventory is also at industry leading levels.  Now let's turn to slide ten in a more detailed discussion of cash flow. Our Manage for Cash operating principal has helped drive the improvement in working capital seen on the previous slide. Also it keeps us focused on the generation of cash flow. Cash flow for the full year was $957 million, toward the high-end of our guidance range.  Looking forward to 2007, we expect that full year cash flow will be between $950 million and $1.25 billion. Having strong cash flow is one thing, but we've also put this cash to good use as you can see on slide 11. Over the last three years, we repurchased approximately $1.6 billion of our own shares and have paid more than $1.3 billion in dividends. That's almost $3 billion returned to shareholders over the last three years.  We remained committed to the balance use of our cash flow. We will continue to assess our dividend, we will continue to repurchase our stock, we will continue to focus on decreasing net debt, and we will continue to invest in future growth initiatives. As you know, our Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program of $650 million for 2007.  Now let's turn to slide 12, which details our outlook for 2007. This slide is very similar to the one we showed you last quarter. However, we now expect that internal revenue growth could be as high as 4% and that earnings will be between $2.68 to $2.73 per share, an increase of one penny from prior guidance. We continue to expect mid single-digit operating profit growth.  Built into this guidance, is our revised estimate, the total incremental fuel, energy, benefits, and commodity costs of between $0.18 and $0.22 per share, which adds to the dramatic incremental increases in each of the last four years. Obviously, this is a considerable headwind. So, we are pleased to still be able to provide earnings guidance inline with our long-term targets despite these additional costs.  We have budgeted for cost saving projects in 2007 of $0.14, which will approximately equal the amount invested in 2006. These projects are a very important part of our approach to business, and contribute to gross and operating profit margins, and help provide the flexibility needed in recent years to overcome cost pressures. And we also continue to expect some leverage below the operating profit line. While we expect high interest expense for the year, we expect that all of this will be offset by high interest income. And finally, we expect the tax rate to be around 31%, inline with recent guidance.  This should all lead to high single-digit EPS growth for the year, despite the pressure faced by the entire industry. Our approach to business and the flexibility provided by our operating principles make it possible for us to expect to meet our long-term targets again in 2007.  Finally, while we don't give guidance on a quarterly basis, I would like to say a word on the first quarter. Gross margin will be down more than our full year target in the quarter, due to the timing of commodity cost increases. And as we told you in October, we're expecting operating profit to be down in Q1, as a result of the continued commodity inflation, significantly increased investment in advertising, and extremely difficult costs. Importantly though, the key is that we continue to expect that full year operating profit will increase in line with our long-term target of mid single-digit growth.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to David for a review of our operations. 
David Mackay: Thanks, John. If you could turn now to slide 13, which shows internal growth posted by each of our North American businesses in 2006 and for the fourth quarter. We posted good rates of growth despite the difficult comparison set in 2005. And if we look at our North American business in more detail, slide 14 shows North American retail cereal growth for the fourth quarter and full year.  Full year growth was 3%, which builds on 8% growth from 2005, the fourth quarter sales declined by 2% on an 8% comp, even though end-market consumption grew roughly 3% across all channels in Q4. This all channel consumption growth was in line with full year growth and the difference between shipments and consumption in the fourth quarter is a result of a decrease in inventory levels at some of their retail partners in the fourth quarter. In addition, we had difficult comps and faced very competitive activity in the category during the quarter.  Our base sales, those not on promotion, grew 4% and our price per pound increased 5% in measured channel data. Sales growth for the full year was driven by strong results from Special K, Mini-Wheats, Smart Start and All-Bran. Specifically, new products such as Mini-Wheats Strawberry Delight and Special K Fruit & Yogurt contributed, and our Rice Krispies brand also posted a good year as a result of innovation.  As you might imagine, we recently introduced some great new products including Special K Chocolate, Rice Krispies with Strawberries, Smart Start Cinnamon Raisin and new version of Cocoa Krispies. Kashi posted strong fourth quarter and full year results, also as the result of innovation and successful advertising support. GOLEAN Honey Almond Flax, [Wheats], and Organic Promise all posted strong growth and with more new products come in 2007.  And finally, in Canada, we posted low single-digit sales growth in the fourth quarter and the full year. We launched All-Bran Guardian in Q4, and while its early acceptance has been good, and the brand is doing well. In addition, we've got some great promotions planned and new products being introduced including Mini-Wheats Strawberry Delight and Special K Chocolate.  You can see on slide 15, the increase we have posted in the US measured channel ready-to-eat cereal category shares since 2000. The chart shows 52-week comparable data and we gained category share again in 2006. This was driven by excellent innovation and brand building programs throughout the year. Even in Q4, with significant tactical activity in the category, our measured channel category share declined only 10 basis points for the latest 13-week period.  Let's now turn to slide 16 and our North American Snacks business. Snacks posted strong 12% growth in the fourth quarter. These results again, were considerably greater than our long-term targets and built on strong comparisons in 2005. Full year growth was 11% and we saw a strong growth across the businesses and in-store execution was excellent.  And you can see more detail on slide 17, which shows our Toaster Pastries business posted another year of share gain for the full year with some good innovation in 2006 and some new 2007 innovations for each of the categories is shown on the slide. Our Cracker business also posted excellent growth for the full year and in the fourth quarter. We posted strong growth in both our Townhouse and Club brands in 2006. Cheez-It also had a strong year as did portion control pack such as Cracker Packs, Caddy Packs and Grips. We've got some great new innovation coming including Cheez-It Sticks and All-Bran Crackers.  We saw good growth in the Cookies business and also gained share for the full year and fourth quarter. Chips Deluxe, Fudge Shoppe, Murray Sugar Free all posted strong full year sales growth. And recent innovation includes new variations of our 100-calorie pack Right Bites.  The Wholesome Snack business also gained share and posted very strong double-digit sales growth in both the fourth quarter and full year. Great new innovations include Nutri-Grain Fruit & Nut Bars, new Special K Honey Nut Bars and various new fruit snacks. And in Canada, we saw a good sales growth and in the fourth quarter our Canadian business is introducing two versions of Sweet & Salty Bars, similar to the ones that are available in the US and two versions of All-Bran Bite Size snacks.  Slide 18 shows that our Frozen and Specialty channels businesses posted very strong internal sales growth of 8% in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Again, our two main frozen brands Eggo and Morningstar and the Specialty channels businesses all posted very good results. The Eggo business performed very well, as innovation such as Choco, new Waffles and Pancakes drove results. Our Morningstar and Kashi entrees businesses also posted strong results behind successful new products including Meal Starters and Meal Solutions, Veggie Bites and the Kashi entrees we told you about last year.  Our specialty channels businesses posted high single-digit internal net sales growth in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Both food service, and vending, and convenience and drug contributed to this growth. Pricing and innovation contributed to sales growth and we are very pleased with the performance of all of these businesses this year.  Slide 19 shows the internal sales growth posted by our international businesses over the past couple of years. This growth while strong all year, actually increased in the fourth quarter. We are very pleased with 6% internal growth in the fourth quarter and excellent 5% growth for the whole year.  Now, if you will turn to slide 20, you will see internal growth highlighted by area. In Europe, we posted full year internal sales growth of 5% as a result of strong growth in most of the countries in the region. This is the strongest internal growth we've posted in region since early 1990s, and we are very pleased to achieve this result in the current difficult environment in Western Europe. We executed some very strong innovation and brand building programs across the region, which led to excellent levels of growth in both cereal and snacks.  In the UK, our largest business in the region, we posted mid single-digit sales growth in both cereal and snacks and gained share in both categories. We introduced new versions of All-Bran, Special K Bliss and Crackle! Pop! cereals, which all contributed to the growth, as did Nutri-Grain, Special K Bars and Rice Krispies Squares, and with more to come including Crunchy Nut Sweet & Salty Bars in the first quarter.  Our business is in the rest of Europe also did very well in the year and fourth quarter, we saw strong full year cereal and snacks growth in France, Benelux, Spain, Italy, The Mediterranean South Africa and Ireland.  In Latin America, we again posted high single-digit growth in both our cereal and snacks businesses. In Mexico, where we gained major channel cereal category share, we launched Special K with Chocolate and a multigrain cereal version of our new NutriDía brand.  Across the rest of the region, we saw strong growth in most of the businesses for the full year. This extended across both the cereal and snacks category. Our Venezuelan business where All-Bran continuous to do very well, saw exceptional growth, as did Columbia as a result of the strength in -- at All-Bran and our introduction of Wholesome Snacks during 2006.  Finally, in our Asia Pacific business, we saw a solid sales growth in our cereal businesses in the fourth quarter. Kellogg Australia posted on target cereal sales growth in Q4 driven by Just Right Corn Flakes, Sultana Bran, Special K and Mini-Wheats. The snacks category continues to be challenging, but we expect this to shake out overtime.  Sales growth in Korea was driven by Frosties and Chips, and in Japan, our Wholesome Snacks business appears to have started well and the category continues to grow.  So in summary, we are pleased to report another strong quarter and another excellent year. We faced significant cost inflation and difficult operating conditions in many of our businesses during the year. The volatility in commodity costs continues and will remain a challenge for the foreseeable future. Despite all these pressures, which affected the entire industry, we managed to meet or in many cases to beat our long-term targets in 2006.  We delivered above target internal revenue growth and excluding the impact of expensing stock options, we delivered another year of double-digit earnings per share growth. And we did it all without sacrificing the integrity of that business plan. In fact, we continue to significantly increase investment and the future growth though advertising and R&D, price mix and volume increased as a result of our successful new products, and brand building support.  We generated significant cash flow through a continued focus on Manage for Cash and we returned an increased amount to shareholder through major share repurchases and an increased dividend. Our continued focus on our operating principle is unchanged and as you have seen, we have strong innovation, advertising and promotional programs plan for this year. With the right people in place across the Kellogg World, strong plans in place, and with the ability of our employees to continue to execute with excellence, we look forward with confidence to another year of growth in 2007.  And with that, I'd like to open it up for questions. 
Operator: Thank you everyone. (Operator Instructions). We'll go first to David Adelman with Morgan Stanley. 
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Good morning everyone. 
David Mackay: Good morning, David. 
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: David, I wanted to ask you if you could put the inventory reduction among your customers in the US ready-to-eat cereal business into context. Was that simply working out some of the inventory build at the end of Q3? Are they leveled now at the trade below where they were entering '05 and so forth? 
David Mackay: Yes, sure David. I think the key as we looked at Q4 was consumption in our cereal business across all channels was up around 3%, which was consistent for the year. Shipments were down due to trade inventories. We flagged it Q3. To be honest, it was slightly greater than we though when we flagged in Q3. And the great thing is we took the right actions. We finished the year with an inventory position at the end of Q4 '06 slightly below where it was at the end of Q4 '05. So, we did the right thing. And the great thing also, I think when you look at cereal, because that was a big difference between consumption and shipments was our best performance in the quarter was very strong up for, price per pound was up 5%. So, it was a very good performance I though, and we basically put that inventory issue behind us now. 
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: And as a follow-up David, are you surprised by the level of overall competitive activity in the category in the second half of '06 in light of the input cost inflation that obviously all of your competitors are observing as well? 
David Mackay: Yeah, I guess we did see heightened tactical activity, principally in Q4, but the key from our perspective is we are going to continue to play our game. I think brand building and innovation are really what drives the category and drives long-term share performance and growth. And Q4 was quite strong and we'll just keep doing what we need to do and I think everyday will take care of itself, David. 
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you. Good luck. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll move to Terry Bivens with Bear Stearns. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Good Morning everyone 
David Mackay: Good morning Terry. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: And by the way, I think this is the first, all Aussie conference call that certainly I couldn't recall. So, congrats on that. Just on the commodity side, pretty significant revision there. Could you touch on what elements in particular caused you to raise your estimate of the input inflation for '07? 
David Mackay: Yeah, I think the biggest driver, Terry, was what's happening in grains and edible oil. So, I think everyone seen corn driven by ethanol. It's impacted on all grains. I mean, wheat is currently very high due to drought and the global finishing stocks on wheat are quite low. Rice is up significantly. And ultimately, it will affect barley and oats and everything because a lot of these grains are interchangeable when you look at various segments in the market.  And the grain prices in the high volatility, in our view, are unlikely to change in the foreseeable future. So from our perspective, we are pleased that we've absorbed much of our costs and yet we can still hit our long-term targets. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Was there any element in there, perhaps some of your hedges rolling off that maybe a less than propitious time? 
David Mackay: We don't really get into a great level of detail on hedges. There were some areas that we hedged in '06 that I suspect you believe we hadn’t hedged. So, some of the benefit I think people thought maybe coming through in '07, we didn't really have that as a cost in '06. And the other area which is on energy, which you look at what's happened to the price per barrel of oil, it's down about 20% to 25% from $70 to $50, $55. The price of diesel is actually down about 10%. So you've seen a dis-aggregation in the price of oil and the price of diesel. So, diesel is effectively up nearly 15% relative to the price of oil. So, those two things have drifted apart which also is a factor in what's going on in energy costs. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thank you very much. 
David Mackay: Thanks Terry. 
Operator: We'll move next to Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning everybody. 
David Mackay: Good morning Eric. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Congratulations… 
David Mackay: Thank you. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: On your new titles. I guess my first question, what should we make, Dave, of the fact that your tonnage in the fourth quarter was only up 0.7%, and based on my records, that's the slowest rate of growth since the third quarter of '04? 
David Mackay: Well, I think looking at the overall performance, price mix was up, the volume was up a little bit. So, I don't think it was a bad performance. You are talking across the business, Eric? 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Yeah, on the consolidated basis. I mean coming out of the Keebler deal right, it was a lot of volume to value, so we saw the price mix component move up and then volume started to accelerate, as you kind of I guess got down with some of the SKU cuts. So, I was a little bit surprised to see -- I mean, I guess my point is just that in the last few years the price mix versus tonnage balance has been much more equal? 
David Mackay: Yeah. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Whereas in this quarter, it was very, very skewed to price mix and I'm just kind of wondering how we should think about that? 
David Mackay: Yeah, I think if you look at the full year it's where we think it should be, very balanced. You may remember we did take a fair amount of cereal inventory out in Q4, which would have had an impact on it. So, I haven't actually calculated what that would be, so I can't tell you, but it would have had an impact. But, I think the full year is more the trend we would expect going forward. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, what were the components of corporate expense that was up so much versus a year ago? 
John Bryant: Eric, the corporate expenses up is primarily the stock option expenses going through the central line there. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Yeah. But it seems like it just accelerated a bit in the fourth quarter versus kind of the comps that you've had for the rest of the year? 
David Mackay: I think it got about $65 million in the full year and about $19 million in the fourth quarter. There is also some timing of incentive programs in that fourth quarter balance as well. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then lastly, I guess I am -- you've been fairly conservative in your outlook for the last -- for most of this decade actually, and then exceeded the forecast overtime, but like how should we put in context like currency going into '07? What have you kind of assumed there, because that should be a tailwind? And kind of what happens if we get a decoupling of, let's say, corn versus wheat, because, I think the subsoil moisture levels are quite good, maybe we get a better crop out of the Eastern Europe. So, may be we could see wheat rollover versus corn that kind of is subject to tone dynamics and related to energy? 
John Bryant: Okay. Well, let me take the easy currency question, I will turn it over to David to forecast future grain prices and answer the guidance question. But on currency, Eric, what we are looking at for 2007 is similar to what we saw for 2006 full year. Again, we saw about 40 basis points in improvement on net sales from currency and a little bit of benefit on the bottom line. So, we would see that again in 2007. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. 
David Mackay: I think on grains, Eric, our view would be that wheat should come down. I mean it's basically drought related. The actual correlation between corn and wheat historically has been quite strong, but given how far corn has run up, I think that correlation should disaggregate as we go forward. But our view is that wheat will come down as the new crop goes in and as the global picture actually looks better. That's why we've got a range in our inflation of $0.18 to $0.22, because at this point who knows. We do know that I think grains are going to remain more volatile and at the high-end of the ranges from our view going forward. So, we have got a fair degree of hedging for 2007. On the things we can't hedge, we are about 70% plus covered. So, we have taken probably a more conservative view on that given the volatility and that will be our approach going forward. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. See you at CAGNY. 
David Mackay: Thanks, Eric. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll move next to David Palmer with UBS. 
David Palmer - UBS: Hey guys. 
David Mackay: Hi, David. 
David Palmer - UBS: Congrats as well. You said during the call that you are going to talk more exclusively about the advertising portion of your overall brand building as you previously described it. And from that it sounds like some other areas of brand building spending, again, away from advertising are not going to grow as fast. Could you perhaps give some more detail about perhaps your -- the evolution in your thinking about brand building dollars, the return on investment of different types and why there may be shift here? 
David Mackay: Yeah. I think we started flagging this at CAGNY last year that on the consumer promotions aspect of our brand building, we were going to do a global analysis to see how we drive efficiency and effectiveness on the inserts and the promotional programs we use. That program is being completed very successfully. We saw a benefit in Q4. We are going to see an ongoing benefit through 2007, but once we have got that benefit then going forward it won't alter much. And that's really just ask going, okay, our level of brand building has been high, we have gone back both on consumer promotions where we've seen the greatest efficiency gain. But even on maybe last year we pitched -- maybe buying in many markets around the world and we've actually gained significant efficiencies. So, with advertising going up at the high single-digits brand building is still increasing. But given the benefits we've got in driving efficiency in consumer promotion, we just wanted to flag it, that's it. It isn't really a change in what we do. It's not a change in approach. And I think during the call, I tried to give as much clarity on that because it is something we've been talking about for over a year. Does that help or is there something more specific you'd like? 
David Palmer - UBS: I guess that helps a bit. I mean, you just can't help it. I think that there -- that you've done some things that you identified some low hanging fruits may be three or four years ago on the consumer marketing and that's reaching kind of end of the roads so to speak on longer term basis in terms of the ROI or from your perspective. 
David Mackay: Yeah, I think personally in every aspect of our business including advertising and consumer promotion trade cogs, we are always looking at continuous improvement and how we can get efficiency gains in everything we do. Impressions importantly as far as media impressions we'll be up year-on-year significantly versus 2006. So, there is nothing negative in this from our prospective. We see it is absolutely a net positive. 
David Palmer - UBS: I don't know how far, but could you just may be give a couple insights on your extensions on that Special K brand. What categories are showing the most promise as you get into the weight management areas and what might eventually be in sourced that is being outsourced today? Thanks. 
David Mackay: Yeah, on the Special K and you're talking about the meal replacement bars and the protein beverage. While that been in the market for a while the marketing launch actually started in mid January. So, it's very early to really understand how consumers, how they will respond. It's looking promising, but would be probably a little foolish to give any predictions. What those products do is actually enable consumers to more holistically through the day, manage their diet, so that they can control weight. And we think as the advertising program continues through Jan-Feb, probably by March-April, we'll have a pretty good read on that, but it's certainly started well, David. 
David Palmer - UBS: Thanks, very much. 
David Mackay: Thanks. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll go to John McMillin with Prudential Equity. 
John McMillin - Prudential Equity: Good morning. Welcome back John. 
John Bryant: Good morning, John. 
David Mackay: Good morning, John. 
John McMillin - Prudential Equity: Congratulations on these numbers. The North American retail snacks numbers are just incredibly good. I am just trying to get to -- I don't know if callers would be happy to see you give a 4% sales growth target because you had low single-digit printed on its head. Why the change, is it just reflecting confidence that you want to be more specific than that or pricing that you are putting through or getting through or just the significance of some changing that to a 4% number? 
David Mackay: As we said in the call, we've changed it for this year. Our long-term targets will remain low single-digit, and it's a combination of all of those factors you mentioned actually. 
John McMillin - Prudential Equity: Okay. And just when you flag trade inventories, and I must admit when I look in the super market, I always look at the top of your boxes, and I still see stuff that's only a couple months old. When you flag it what kind of inventory -- what kind of month levels are you looking at your inventory to -- how do you flag it? How do you know when it's too high, how many months old? 
David Mackay: John, we have what's called vendor managed inventory with the bulk of our retail partners in the US. So, we track with them and on their behalf our inventory levels, so we can ensure if they go up above what we have agreed is a reasonable level then we jointly work on how we manage those back down. And we saw that happening towards the end of Q3. We actually had a price increase at the end Q3, so it probably exacerbated. So, that was a pretty significant pull down, but the great thing from our perspective was consumption for the quarter was consistent with the year and we've put that issue behind us. 
John McMillin - Prudential Equity: And if I could just ask one Asia Pacific question, because the -- you talked about the challenging conditions, am I right to assume the major challenges are just in the snacks area or the CPW had an impact in Australia cereal or if you can just kind of give us a little color in terms of these Asia Pacific challenges and the lack of growth? 
David Mackay: Yeah, John, talking specifically Australia, our cereal business did grew low single-digit in the fourth quarter. It was really our snacks business and this is something we've seen in snacks categories around the world. When you get a couple of the bigger confectionary players come into the snacks category, it tends to have somewhat of a destabilizing effect on the snacks category, which typically by default a more wholesome in nature. And you go though probably 12 to 18 months it's been our experience where the category can swing up and down, and typically goes sideways or slightly backwards. Cereal, we're doing pretty well. The category is growing quiet nicely down there. 
John McMillin - Prudential Equity: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Moving on we'll take the question from Todd Duvick with Banc of America Securities. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities: Yes, good morning. 
David Mackay: Good morning, Todd. 
John Bryant: Good morning, Todd. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities: I wanted to ask a quick question on the fixed income side if I may. 
John Bryant: Sure. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities: You definitely have solid cash flow and you've been using that for dividends and share repurchases as you've said. But I am just trying to reconcile that with your reduction in net debt which you have actually done. If you had a €550 million note that comes to you sometime in the middle of the year in May, is it fair to assume that you are going to refinance at least a portion of that in the capital markets sometime between now and then? 
John Bryant: We are still working through exactly how we are going to roll full and specific refinancing, but before we are going to have some sort of -- might look at something like a commercial paper program in Europe and then maybe turn down some debt in the US, something along those sorts of lines. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And would that be for the full amount or for a portion of it or have you not yet decided? 
David Mackay: We haven't yet decided on that. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And as it pertains to I guess your long-term target, you had obviously the Keebler acquisition a number of years ago, and since then it seems like you've really been focused on organic growth and obviously doing a good job with that. How do you view acquisition opportunities and how do you think about that with respect to your long-term credit rating? 
John Bryant: I guess the answer to question at a macro level, I'm very comfortable with the level of debt that we have today. I believe that enables us to do small bolt-on acquisitions. In terms of the question around the credit rating, as such, we are not targeting a particular credit rating. I feel very good about the level of debts that were paid down since Keebler and how much the business is growing. So I'm very comfortable with the position we are in. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you very much. 
David Mackay: Thank you. 
Operator: Now, we'll take a question from Eric Serotta with Merrill Lynch. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. 
John Bryant: Good morning, Eric. 
David Mackay: Good morning, Eric. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Just wanted to touch base on the issue of up-front costs. This was in my recollection about the third or fourth year of running in the $0.11 to $0.15 per year range for '07. Just wondering, are you looking at diminishing returns or lower IRRs on the projects that you've planned for '07 then on the projects you've had planned for the past few years, as you may be gotten at the low-hanging fruit. And I realized that you are still seeing a build from the previous year's spending, but do you see the IRRs on the spending for '06, '07 and perhaps '08 being lower within what they were in the previous years, or are you finding more savings potential, as you pill away layers of the onion? 
David Mackay: Yeah, Eric, I think when we look at one-time cost, we're really in this [hairy] part of their business and that will be ongoing, and we'd expect to get good returns on the projects that we do going forward. John, do you have anything to add? 
John Bryant: No, I think that we're not seeing a case of diminishing returns, we're always looking for new projects and the projects that we enter into always have a return in excess say of current return on invested capital. So, we feel very good about the projects we're pursuing. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, if you disclose specifically what some of those projects are for '07 yet, I know there is also always sensitivity with communications to employees and the likes, but have you disclosed any of those specific areas? 
David Mackay: Some carryovers from last year, so I think they're in the public domain. Many are yet to be communicated. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then lastly, on cash flow, you had very nice growth from '05 to '06, part of that was from lower pension funding. Just wondering what your outlook is for pension funding for '07? 
John Bryant: Eric, certainly we are looking at pension funding probably more in line with '06 and '05. So, we are not looking at a big pension contribution in '07. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great, thanks a lot. 
David Mackay: Thank you. 
John Bryant: Thank you. 
Operator: Moving on we'll take a question from Pablo Zuanic with J.P. Morgan. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Good morning everyone. 
David Mackay: Hi, Pablo. 
John Bryant: Good morning, Pablo. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: I guess I have question for John Bryant on international front. John, can you just give us some color in terms what you achieved there in the last two years? What's been your imprint, I mean you are still in-charge of that division? From outside I always thought that there is a lot of potential there and although growth has been good, it's been pretty much inline with North America. So, the question is long-term, should we assume that international will grow faster than North America? And number two, what were the big changes that you implemented internationally in the last two years? 
John Bryant: Pablo, I think my boss agrees with to you completely in terms of growth opportunity internationally. It's probably a scenario where we are accelerating growth. It's a scenario where we see very good category growth in cereal, and in snacks, good category expansion. As you -- if you look at Latin America, you see very strong growth for the many years now. Europe, strongest growth in -- since the early 90s and we've an opportunity I think to accelerate our position in Asia Pacific. So, I feel very good about the direction we are heading in international. We've ramped up our rate of innovation and still driving forward and a lot of opportunity ahead of us. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: John, for example, I mean appointing Jeff Boromisa in the Asian unit, it seems that you are putting a lot of hope in that piece of the international division. Can you give us a bit more color there? And what's happening with mix improvement overseas, if you can just expand on that? 
John Bryant: I think, Jeff's role in Asia Pacific is an indication that for us to make the progress we would like to make not only in Asia Pacific but in Eastern Europe, we’ve got to dedicate some high-level resources. Jeff has just started on that journey and we are very hopeful that we will come up with some great ideas to expand and grow our business. But, we are going to find the right way to do that, Pablo 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: All right. Now, just moving on to the domestic front, David, I mean, I look at, obviously, very strong performance in snacks, I would argue that cereal is decelerating, that you are a facing a tougher competition. Snacks you said three very good years of growth, but I assume that graph is going to become more aggressive in cookies and crackers. Then I look at the frozen side, waffles, Pop-Tarts, how much growth can you really get there? Why should I expect snacks and the frozen side of business to continue to do so well in the environment I have just described and related to that, isn’t there a need for Kellogg -- while keeping the focus maybe try to expand into new categories, making use of the breakfast category, for example, in a broader sense, leverage in the Kellogg name. Can you comment on that? 
David Mackay: Yeah, Pablo, I think, firstly, our forecast for 2007 indicate that we'll going for 4% growth across the business. I think your comment on cereal -- if you look over time, we grew 3% consumption for 2006 and for the full year and we are up against very tough and much stronger growth in 2005. So that was part of it. And we continue to believe we’ll continue grow our cereal business, as we go forward. Snacks, the rate of growth was very strong, but our expectation isn't -- we'll do that again at that level in '07 because 2006 was an exceptionally strong year. So, I think you are right. I think that’s what’s you are hearing in our forecast and projections for ’07. We feel very comfortable with them. And our plan is to continue to drive the right things to sustain the performance of the business in ’07 and beyond. We are trying to be realistic, especially, when you think about some of these cost pressures we have got, they will be impacting everyone not just us. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: John, one last one if I may, in terms of Kids Cereal category, going over numbers that's a category has been decelerating, the growth has been mostly on the adult side. We are hearing General Mills coming out with some interesting innovation in that segment. Can you expand in terms of what you see that you are doing in terms of Kids Cereal, and am I right in saying that, that piece has been decelerating? 
David Mackay: I think the kid component of the cereal category in North America is more competitive than the adult, from a pricing perspective, which has had an impact on the overall growth levels. It’s always been that way, Pablo, so it isn’t actually that different. And I think given where we are with our portfolio, we are fairly comfortable that we are well positioned to continue our performance. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Okay, thank you very much. 
David Mackay: Thanks, Pablo. 
Operator: The next question will come from David Nelson with Credit Suisse. 
David Nelson - Credit Suisse: Good morning. Congratulations. 
David Mackay: Thanks, David. 
John Bryant: Good morning. 
David Nelson - Credit Suisse: I guess at this point just one last question from me. You had launched the Kashi into frozen dinners and entrees and organic versions of some of your cereal icons. Could you give us a little more info and what you are seeing with those new product launches please? 
David Mackay: On frozen or… 
David Nelson - Credit Suisse: The Kashi into frozen dinners and entrees? 
David Mackay: Yeah it’s -- well, it’s early, but I mean if you look at the sub-segment of the meals category, which was more than natural. There is one other major branded competitor there. Currently, well it’s early, we have I think six of the top-ten selling meals in that natural sub-segment. So, well it’s early and distribution is still building, we are very pleased that we have more products coming in 2007. So, it started pretty well, David. 
David Nelson - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then organic versions in cereal? 
David Mackay: For Kellogg or Kashi? 
David Nelson - Credit Suisse: Kellogg, sorry. 
David Mackay: I mean I think they are doing okay. They are certainly doing pretty well in the natural channel. In the mainstream, it varies account-to-account, and we will see how it does over time. I mean they are hanging in there with a number of accounts and they are not doing so well with others, so mixed bag. 
David Nelson - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much. 
David Mackay: Thanks, David. 
Operator: And moving on, we take our question from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Hello there. 
David Mackay: Hi, Alexia 
John Bryant: Hello. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Hi, couple of quick questions. Price mix growth has obviously been very strong recently, particularly this last quarter, but over the last year as well. Could you talk about going forward, how you expect that to play out and whether you expect it to soften a bit and maybe volume growth brings up? And I am thinking specifically about the three drivers of price mix growth, in terms of innovation, are we expecting that momentum to continue to drive mix improvements over time. Secondly, I guess we got, on the positive side, commodity cost inflation maybe allowing you to keep the pricing fairly positive. And then on the flipside, we got perhaps increasing rates of competition, particularly in the retail cereal segment in the US. How do you expect that to play out during the course of the 2007 and are we likely to see a bit of a moderation in price mix growth going forward? 
David Mackay: I think our expectation is that price mix going forward will be not that similar to what it’s been in the past, may be a little bit strong, may be a little bit similar, I would say. When you talk about innovation now, our aim is always to see if we can have innovation that drives mix. As far as commodities and the impact on price, we would have been relatively aggressive on price globally and in many of the segments in the US. And in cereal in the US, it's always been a fairly competitive category, so I wouldn't wait too much. We are not waiting too much into Q4. We are just getting on with playing our game, which is to drive innovation and brand building. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Fine, and then, one quick follow-up on Europe, it seems that we are hearing from a number of companies now that the environments in Europe after several years have been quite painful. It's getting a little better now. Could you elaborate on that a little bit further? I mean as a particular country, where it's getting better, perhaps Germany, where the hard discount was easing up. And is it, you think private label perhaps easing up a little bit, and again it is volume versus price mix that's really giving you the boost there? 
David Mackay: Yeah. I think across Europe, you’re probably seeing hard discount is still growing, but not quite at the rates that we are growing, historically. I think many retailers are finding that equilibrium and balance between what they want out of their private label and what they know they need from their branded suppliers. So, I think net-net, it's marginally more positive. It's always a little volatile Europe, so we had a great year in 2006, the best year of a top-line we’ve had for more than 10 years, but I think that was because of the strength of the innovation and brand building. So, there is probably a little bit more in price mix and volume coming in Europe that relatively balanced. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
David Mackay: Thanks, Alexia. 
John Bryant: Hey, Jason, if we could take one more question, that will be great. 
Operator: Thank you. The last question will come from Jonathan Feeney with Wachovia Securities. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Great, thanks for getting me in guys. Yeah, just one quick one, on North American Retail Snacks, that's one heck of an acceleration at 12%. I mean what role did -- maybe disorganized and maybe less effective competitive landscape play in that? And specifically, what drivers of the business, is it shelf share, is it new products are driving that huge acceleration? 
David Mackay: When we report snacks, Jonathan, we've got everything in there. We've got what's going on from a DSD perspective. We've got fruit snacks. We’ve got Pop-Tarts. We've got the Kashi snacks. So, I mean DSD had a great year across cookies, crackers, and wholesome snacks. We did incredibly well with Kashi snacks. Pop-Tarts continue to grow and fruit snacks had a very good year. So, I don't think there was any slackening off from a competitive side, in fact I think if you look at 2006, both are the major competitors in the cookie, cracker side, innovated quite positively and well. It’s a very balanced year and some of the categories, actually crackers in particularly, showed very strong growth for all of us. So, I think that all goes well as we go forward. So, we'll let growth rate moderate a little, as we go forward. That would be our expectation and that's what we've got built into our forecast. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: A great year, but even given that, it accelerated pretty nicely third and the fourth, is it just more of the same or is there anything specific going on? 
David Mackay: It was very strong --, innovation was very strong. I mean in Crackers, at Club and Townhouse, Eggo, Cheez-It continues to do well. The Portion-Control Packs, not only in crackers, but also in cookies, the 100-calorie packs are doing well, as they are for our competitors, so it was really quite balanced.  In-store execution remains exceptional. The level of insolubles has come down year-on-year very, very strongly, so, I mean that's always a good indication of how effectively the DSD organization is working when they can drive -- improved on solubles year-on-year, while growth is growing at that level. It's a great performance. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Thank you very much. 
David Mackay: Thank you. 
John Bryant: Okay, Jason, that'll end the call for today. 
Operator: Thank you very much. Do you have any final or concluding comments? 
David Mackay: No. Thank you very much for your time. 
Operator: Once again everyone that will conclude today's program and we thank you all for joining us. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2005 Q3  (2005-10-31 08:45:00) =====
2005 3rd Quarter Earnings Release :  October 31, 2005 Speaking on behalf of Kellogg:   Jim Jenness, Chairman and CEO   David Mackay, President and COO   Jeff Boromisa, CFO   Simon Burton, Director, Investor Relations
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Kellogg Company 2005 Third Quarter Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the speaker’s remarks there will be a question and answer period. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press * and the number 1 on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, please press the # key. Also, please limit yourself to one question during the Q&A session. Thank you. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Simon Burton, Kellogg Company Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Burton you may begin your conference.
S. Burton: Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us for a review of our third quarter results and for some discussion regarding our strategy and outlook. With me here in Battle Creek are Jim Jenness, our chairman and CEO, David Mackay, president and COO; Jeff Boromisa, CFO; and Gary Pilnick, general counsel. We must point out that certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company’s future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, brand building, operating profit, innovation, costs, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, working capital, share repurchases, and debt reduction are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. A replay of today’s conference call will be available by ‘phone through Thursday evening, by dialing 888-203-1112 in the U.S. and 719-457-0820 from international locations; the passcode for both numbers is #3783244. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for 90 days. Now let me turn it over to Jim Jenness, chairman and chief executive officer.
J. Jenness: Thank you, Simon, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report our third quarter and year-to-date results. As we anticipated, our strong business momentum and excellent execution continued in the third quarter… and as we discussed last quarter, we took advantage of this performance and dramatically increased our investment in future growth. Reported net sales growth was 7.3%, which built on the very strong 7.2% growth we posted in the third quarter of last year. Internal net sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions, and divestitures, was 6.6 percent. This was growth on growth, as internal growth in last year’s third quarter was an impressive 4.8 percent. Our goal remains sustainable growth, and we can achieve this only by continued reinvestment. In fact, we again made significant investment in future margin improvement through both brand building and cost-reduction projects in the third quarter… and as always, the up-front costs are embedded right in our earnings.  We intend to increase our investment in brand building again in the final quarter of the year to drive sustainability. However, despite this increase, our continued momentum gives us the confidence to raise our earnings guidance for the year to a range between $2.32 and $2.34 per share. We have realistic targets and clear operating principles that guide how we run our business every day. Our goals haven’t changed and we intend to make significant investment in future growth in 2006, as we remain committed to our long-term strategy of growing cereal, expanding snacks, and pursuing selected growth opportunities. Slide 4 details some of the quarter’s financial highlights. Net sales increased by 7% due to strong sales growth and a contribution from foreign currency exchange of less than 1 percent. Internal sales growth, which excludes the effect of foreign exchange, was also nearly 7 percent. Operating profit increased by 2%, and internal growth was 1 percent. This growth was generated despite a significant, double-digit increase in brand-building investment. Up-front costs related to cost-reduction initiatives were approximately 4¢ a share. Our year-to-date operating profit growth is 7 percent; year-to-date internal operating profit growth is 6%, right in line with our long-term target of mid single-digit growth. Earnings per share increased by 12% due to operating income growth, lower interest expense, and a lower tax rate and year-to-date cash flow of $915 million exceeded last year’s total of $860 million. Let’s look at each of these results in more detail. Slide 5 shows the components of the third quarter’s sales growth. Reported sales growth was 7.3%; internal sales growth was 6.6% driven by gains in price, mix and tonnage. Keep in mind that this growth adds to very strong internal growth of 4.8% posted in the third quarter of last year. In addition, growth was balanced and both mix and price contributed. You’ll remember that, at the end of the second quarter, we indicated that we intended to make significant investment in brand building in the second half of the year. Well, slide six details this growth for the third quarter and the progress we’ve made year-to-date. While we haven’t changed our long-term strategy to increase investment in brand building at a rate greater than sales growth, we far exceeded it in the third quarter. We had the ideas. We had strong innovation around the world. And we took advantage of our current business momentum and strong results. In fact, brand-building investment, which includes advertising and consumer promotion, but not trade spending, increased at strong double-digit rate in the third quarter. We recognise that this investment, not spending on trade, is the way to build brands and support innovation. And of course, we are committed to continuing this strategy in the fourth quarter of 2005 and in 2006, we expect to again increase our investment in brand building at a rate greater than sales growth. In a moment, David will review each of our businesses in more detail. But first, let me turn it over to Jeff Boromisa, who will walk you through our financial results.
J. Boromisa: Thanks, Jim. Good morning. Gross profit margin decreased by 90 basis points to 45.2% during the third quarter… but note that, year-to-date, our gross profit margin has expanded by 30 basis points, slightly less than our long-term target of 50 basis points a year. Much of the decrease in the third quarter resulted from absorbing all of the 4¢ of up-front costs in COGS. This was more than 1¢ greater than in the third quarter of last year. We also faced competitive conditions in a couple of our businesses, which impacted our gross margin. In addition, we were also affected by the same higher energy, fuel, and benefit costs faced by much of the industry. However, due to our cost saving initiatives, we were able to offset these increases during the quarter. Now let’s turn to operating profit growth by business. Slide 8 shows the growth in internal operating profit in each of our geographic reporting areas in the third quarter; this growth excludes the impact of currency translation. In North America, internal operating profit growth was 2.2 percent. This was mostly a result of a very significant, double-digit increase in investment in brand building. In Europe, operating profit growth declined by 10.3 percent due to increased competitive activity and continued investment in brand building. This investment has also increased at a double-digit rate so far this year. In Latin America, internal operating profit growth was 5.4%, even including a mid double-digit increase in brand building. And in Asia/Pacific we posted internal operating profit growth of 7.9 percent. While brand-building investment decreased in the quarter due to the timing of programs, for the year-to-date period, brand-building investment has increased at a double-digit rate. This quarter’s growth was strong and we invested heavily in the business. Remember, too, that total up-front costs in the quarter added to approximately 4¢ per share. Interest expense in the third quarter was lower than last year, partially as a result of the retirement of debt earlier in the year. The tax rate in the third quarter was 30%; the year-to-date tax rate of 31.7% is broadly in-line with our new expectation for the full-year rate to be approximately 32 percent. The lower tax rate was attributable to several discrete items which were recorded during the third quarter. In 2006, we expect full-year interest expense to be slightly lower than this year’s level and we expect the full-year tax rate to be between 31 and 32 percent. Slide 9 shows the excellent improvement we’ve made over the years in core working capital measured as a percentage of sales. Getting to this industry-leading level has been a significant driver of cash flow over the years and we are very pleased with this performance. Let’s now turn to slide 10 and a discussion of cash flow. Year-to-date cash flow through the third quarter was 915 million dollars versus 860 million dollars in 2004. The increase was a result of strong earnings growth and a year-over-year reduction in benefit plan contributions. This is very strong year-to-date performance and we continue to expect that we will meet full-year guidance for cash flow between $950 million and $1.025 billion in 2005; this does not take into account the impact of additional benefit plan contributions that are planned for the fourth quarter; these contributions will reduce cash flow by up to $240 million. Separately, the Board of Directors has increased 2005’s share repurchase authorization to $675 million. This increase will allow us to repurchase approximately $400 million more of our shares by the end of the year; we had repurchased approximately $260 million of our stock through the end of the third quarter. Turning now to slide 11 and our debt level in recent years; year-to-date, we have reduced debt by approximately $450 million. While debt will increase over the next few months, primarily as a result of share repurchases and benefit plan contributions, we remain committed to the continued long-term repayment of net debt, or reducing total debt less cash. Slide twelve shows our return on invested capital over the past four years. We are very pleased with this progress, as focus on return is very important to us. It is an integral part of our broader operating principles and we are confident that we are concentrated on the right drivers of ROIC.  Now, let’s turn to slide thirteen and our financial outlook for the remainder of the year. Slide 13 shows our outlook for the full-year 2005. The financial flexibility we saw at the end of the first half allowed us to invest more heavily in brand building and innovation in the third quarter and we will continue this in the fourth quarter; this is what drives sustainability. In addition, we expect the business momentum that we’ve seen through the first three quarters to continue and expect mid single-digit internal sales growth in the fourth quarter… which is higher than our long-term target. As Jim mentioned, we continued to execute cost-reduction projects in the third quarter that we expect to complete in 2006. Almost all of the costs that we’ve absorbed thus far this year, and that we’ve identified for next year, are associated with the closure of two snacks bakeries. We still expect these costs to total approximately 15¢ for the full year, or approximately 3¢ in the fourth quarter. And as we discussed in last quarter’s conference call, we dramatically increased the amount of investment in brand building and future growth in the third quarter and you should be anticipating a significant increased investment in the fourth quarter, as well as possible investment in financial and operational initiatives. As you all know, the price of fuel, energy, and energy related supply costs continue to increase or remain high. To put it into perspective, we anticipate that fuel and energy costs for the full year will be an incremental 12-13¢. We have seen some commodity deflation, but it was our focus on cost-reduction initiatives that offset most of this unexpectedly large fuel and energy cost inflation. In addition, we continue to expect that increased benefit and healthcare costs will negatively affect EPS by approximately 6¢ for the full year. There is no doubt that our focus on sustainable, consistent performance, and the significant investment we’ve made, has allowed us to weather these headwinds relatively well and despite these headwinds, we do still anticipate that we will post mid single-digit operating profit growth in 2005, right in-line with our long-term target. And we also feel comfortable raising our earnings guidance to a range between $2.32 and $2.34 per share.  Now let’s turn to slide 14 and a first look at 2006. We expect low single-digit internal net sales growth in 2006, which is right in line with our long-term target and we expect to meet this target despite the very difficult comparisons set throughout 2005. Our suppliers and fuel and freight providers continue to voice inflationary concerns. However, our long-term target is for an annual improvement in gross margin of 50 basis points and we expect to achieve this goal again in 2006 and, we expect to do this despite our projections for increased energy, fuel, and commodity costs. It’s early and prices have been volatile, but we currently expect these costs to adversely affect EPS by approximately 13¢ to 16¢ for the year. We will be able to give you more clarity about this at the end of the year, but we will work to offset these increases, much as we have in 2005. We also expect that benefit costs will have an additional 3-7¢ negative effect on earnings. This is a significant cost impact after recent commodity inflation. Fortunately, our topline growth and strong execution have positioned us well to absorb the large cost increases and still deliver our goal of high single-digit earnings growth. Much like in previous years, we will also continue to reinvest in future growth and we have currently identified cost-reduction projects of 5-6¢ per share. As always, we are constantly evaluating new cost-saving projects and, as we highlighted at CAGNY, opportunities for investment in future growth, which will require start-up cost absorption. Consequently, we expect to identify, and execute, more of these projects during the balance of 2006 and we expect the total investment to be approximately equal to 2005’s level; as always, the total funding for these investments is included in our earnings guidance. Despite this investment, and significant cost pressures, we anticipate that operating leverage, productivity savings, and mix improvement will allow us to meet our long-term target of mid single-digit operating profit growth in 2006. As you know, we’ve posted tonnage growth for a number of quarters, due largely to the success of our innovation and brand-building programs. We’ve had tremendous success with many new products, but have also seen many of our existing products increasing in popularity as well. Consequently, we have decided that we will add capacity to help us better meet this increasing demand this is a very high return use of our cash and, consequently, we expect that cash flow for 2006 will be in a range between $875 and $975 million and that cap ex will be approximately 4% of sales. We have continued to reduce debt and expect that interest expense will again decrease next year. In addition, we expect to have a sustainable tax rate of between 31 and 32 percent. Slightly lower interest expense, and fewer shares outstanding, should lead to high single-digit earnings per share growth; also right in-line with our long-term targets. Remember, though, we haven’t included the effect of expensing options in 2006’s guidance; we anticipate this will have an EPS effect of approximately 8 cents. We are very pleased we can provide an outlook that is again right in line with our long-term targets. Even with the difficult cost environment, we continue to believe that our realistic targets focus our entire organization on the right metrics. With that, let me turn it over to David.
D. Mackay: Thanks, Jeff. Let’s now take a look at our results by business segment. Slide fifteen shows the quarterly break-down of internal growth posted by each of our North American businesses. We are very pleased with these results, and they are particularly impressive given the strong growth posted by the Retail Snacks and Frozen and Specialty Channels businesses in 2004. Now, let’s look at the North American businesses in more detail. Strong sales growth in our North American Retail Cereal business continued in the third quarter and we had excellent base sales growth. Internal sales growth of 11% added to last quarter’s growth of 10% and built on a 1% comp last year. And remember, too, that 2004’s results built on a 10% comp, so three-year growth has been impressive as well. This strong performance puts our quarterly share, through the end of September, at 33.9%, up 0.8 from the same period last year. Growth in the U.S. during the third quarter was broad-based across brands and we saw excellent growth from new brands such as Smart Start, two new flavours of Crunch and Special K Fruit and Yogurt… and we also saw good growth from existing brands such as Mini Wheats and Kashi. In fact, Kashi brands GoLean Crunch, Organic Promise Autumn Wheat, Heart to Heart, and Kashi 7 Whole Grain Flakes all grew at a double-digit rate in the quarter. The Canadian business also posted excellent growth on strong innovation launched in 2005, such as Special K Vanilla Almond, Extra, Tony’s Turbos, and All-Bran Strawberry Bites, which added to our already strong All-Bran franchise. These products, combined with strong retail programs and effective brand-building investment led to double-digit growth on a difficult mid single-digit comp. As we mentioned, we increased our investment in brand building throughout the company and North America was no exception. Total brand-building investment in the third quarter increased at a high rate behind many of the brands I just mentioned including Crunch, Smart Start, Special K, and Mini-Wheats. And, as we detailed in our presentation at the Prudential conference in September, we have a significant amount of both brand-building investment and innovation planned for 2006, some examples of which are pictured on the slide. Slide 17 details the very strong growth posted by our North American Retail Snacks business in the third quarter. The quarter’s 6% growth built on a very difficult comp of 9% in the third quarter of last year. In fact, we’ve posted strong broad-based growth across these categories over the past two years. While certain categories are stronger than others at times, we are very pleased with this history of good results and are committed to continuing our success in the future. Slide 18 details the results posted by each category in the third quarter. Our Pop-Tarts toaster pastries business continues to be strong. In fact, we currently have 85% category share and we have increased this share by about 1.5% so far this year. The lower sales posted in this quarter simply reflects the timing of programs and the strong double-digit growth posted in the third quarter of last year. Innovation has been strong this year and we have more planned for 2006. We saw strong growth in the crackers business in the third quarter. This was driven by strength in the base businesses such as Cheez-It, Townhouse, and Club and by strong innovation such as Cheez-It Fiesta and Club Sticks.  Our cookie sales decreased in the quarter as the early positive effect of innovation such as Chips Deluxe Right Bites and Gripz, and Fudge Shoppe filled cookies in two varieties, was offset by the effect of the discontinuation of various products including two flavors of low-carb cookies. It is worth noting, though, that our three largest brands, Chips Deluxe, Fudge Shoppe, and Sandies, which account for approximately two-thirds of our cookie sales, all posted strong gross sales growth. So, we saw better results where we are focused and we are effectively managing ongoing SKU rationalizations. The wholesome snack business was again very strong in the third quarter. New products such as Special K bars and All-Bran bars continued to post very strong, double-digit growth, and even existing products such as Rice Krispies Treats and fruit snacks added to the strong results. It’s interesting that, while Rice Krispies Treats benefited from the recent introduction of Split Stix, the base business is posting good growth as a result of the strong execution of our DSD system. In Canada, high single-digit sales growth was driven by the introduction of Froot Loops Winders, the Raisin Bran bar that we introduced earlier this year, and the two varieties of All-Bran bars that we introduced last year So, we remain very pleased with our snacks business and the excellent results posted over the last two years.  Slide 19 shows that the Frozen and Specialty Channels business posted internal sales growth of 8% in the third quarter. This resulted from strong growth from Eggo, Morningstar Farms, and the Specialty Channels business. Eggo posted strong double-digit sales growth as a result of strength in both base sales and good innovation. Toaster Swirlz and an expansion of our pancakes line are both doing well in the market and we have new innovation coming in the first quarter of 2006. Morningstar Farms posted mid single-digit growth as a result of strong brand-building programs and category expanding innovation. The Meal Starters products we launched last quarter are doing well, and we have a lot of innovation planned for Morningstar Farms, too, including vegetable snack bites in two varieties, which will be out in the first quarter of 2006. Our Specialty Channels businesses also did well in the quarter. This group of businesses continues to execute very well and achieved great results despite a difficult mid single-digit comparison. Slide 20 shows the reported and internal sales growth posted by Kellogg International in the third quarter. Reported sales growth was 4 percent. Internal growth, excluding FX, was 3 percent. You will notice that the strengthening U.S. dollar has significantly narrowed the spread between reported and FX adjusted growth. Now, let’s take a look at the results by geographic area. Slide 21 details the internal net sales growth posted by each of our international areas in the third quarter. Europe posted internal sales growth of more than 1% driven by gains in both cereal and snacks. While we have resolved the issue with the retailer we referenced last quarter, we continued to see an effect as we work to return to normalized levels of distribution and promotional activity; this continued effect decreased sales growth across Europe by approximately 1% in the quarter. We gained almost a point of cereal share in the U.K. during the quarter and this came primarily from innovation and brand building. Special K Purple Berries, Coco Pops Rocks, and Crunchy Nut Nutty all contributed to the share gain. The U.K. continues to be a highly competitive market with significant promotional and buy-one-get-one-free activity. In addition, we saw good growth in various other countries across Europe including Italy, the Benelux region, and most others… France posted strong growth as a result of excellent innovation and brand-building programs. These recently introduced new products, and additional programs planned for the fourth quarter, give us confidence about our business across Europe for the remainder of this year. Latin America posted internal sales growth of 10% on high single-digit cereal growth and double-digit snacks growth. In Mexico, the region’s largest business, we launched a new variety of Extra, new varieties of Choco Krispies and Froot Loops, and a Cartoon network-themed cereal. We invested in brand-building programs for Choco Krispies and Special K with good results. In snacks, we launched Special K Chocolate bars and new Nutri-Grain bar flavors launched in Q2 are doing well. We have new innovation planned for the fourth quarter including snacks and cereals such All-Bran Yoghurt and Kellogg’s Go!... And we have just launched a new Amaranth Bar under a new brand, Nutri Día, in two flavors in Mexico. The Caribbean, Argentina, Brazil, Venezuela, and Columbia all posted very strong growth in the quarter and in Columbia, we launched All-Bran Flakes with good results. The Asia Pacific region also posted 1% internal sales growth. A good innovation program drove the recovery of the cereal business in Australia. New products which shipped during the quarter include Be Natural brand Muesli in three flavors, Crunchy Nut Clusters, Just Right Tropical and a new variety of Guardian. The snacks business declined due to the timing of innovation and very difficult, double-digit comps. In Asia we saw a slight decline in sales in a competitive environment. Japan’s sales declined, but we did see growth from innovation in Japan with Cocoa Flakes, Genmai Sesame, Frosties Plus, and Special K. And we will begin to support Special K with brand-building programs shortly. And in Korea, after a difficult year last year, a health-oriented advertising campaign and good brand building added to the sales growth of various brands including Black Bean Flakes and Frosties.  We remain encouraged by our performance in Asia Pacific and have good innovation in the markets, although, we would caution you that we face a relatively difficult comp in the fourth quarter driven by growth in Australia last year. Our strong topline growth, driven by innovation and aggressive brand building, has helped us absorb the significant upturn in energy and fuel related costs faced by most manufacturers. This momentum has given us the flexibility to absorb these costs and continue our approach of focusing on the generation of sustainable growth in the future. Now I’ll turn it back to Jim
J. Jenness: In summary, we are pleased to report another quarter of strong results. We are confident that 2005 will be another year of sustainable growth performance where we deliver against our long-term targets, build positive momentum, and invest in our business for sustainability, despite the significant pressures facing us and the industry. More than ever, as we look to 2006, our confidence in our sustainable business model is strong. We remain committed to running the business with realistic goals in-line with our long-term targets of low single-digit sales growth, mid single-digit operating profit growth, and high single-digit earnings growth. We have a focused business strategy and Volume to Value and Manage for Cash operating principles that drive the right behavior. And we will continue to make significant investments in future growth. We will continue to increase our investment in brand building at rate faster than sales growth. We will continue to drive mix improvement through value-added innovation. We will continue to find cost-saving investment initiatives. And we will continue to pursue selected growth opportunities that are sources of possible, incremental revenue growth.  We recognize that we have to improve. Our success wouldn’t be possible without the dedication of our employees around the world, and their ability to execute. And with that, I’d like to open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, if you would like to ask a question please do so by pressing the * key followed by the digit 1 on your touch tone telephone. Also, if you are using a speaker phone please make sure your mute function is off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. Once again please press *1 to ask a question. Additionally, please limit yourself to one question. Our first question comes from Christine McCracken with FTN Midwest.
C. McCracken: Clearly you are no exception – fuel and energy are a big deal and it looks like it will continue to be a big deal. But I am a bit surprised with the guidance given some of the other levers that you've had to pull. I am wondering if you are expecting to be able to pass any of this along. Clearly you can't comment on price increases, but are you seeing any reluctance on the part of retailers to increase prices or maybe you can just comment on your ability to pass through some of these cost pressures.
J. Jenness: First of all, as you know, we just can't comment on pricing, but I would like to take you back to your question on our guidance. For 2005, at the high end of our guidance there at $2.34, it’s right in line with what we have been basically saying we were going to deliver. And within that, please keep in mind the very strong increase in brand building that we have in place and have been executing against, which is really an investment for us in the future to help our sustainability. Within that, we are also absorbing significant energy and fuel costs which really came and started to hit more in the second half of the year. So we see this and the guidance we are giving as really a confidence-builder for us in our model, how we go about doing it, and that sustainability and what we have been on for the last four years is exactly the right focus ultimately to deliver value to our shareholders over time.
C. McCracken: Okay. But with the lower tax rate you are expecting lower interest expense, some of, I guess, these positive factors that you have working for you next year. Is it more about the pricing? Have you not been able to pass that through at this point?
J. Jenness: Christine, I want to make one comment and then I'm going to turn it over to Jeff. Keep in mind that our guidance for 2005 here, the $2.34, recall last year we had an extra week. So if you just try to normalize it and go to the high end of our guidance, that $2.34 without the extra week really gives us some strong performance.
J. Boromisa: Yes, and Christine, for next year what we kind of pointed out, is that we are seeing additional costs for next year in the commodity arena. Probably 2/3 of that is related more to fuel and energy, but that's about a $0.13 to $0.16 on-cost or headwind for us next year. And benefits still remain to be high, benefit costs for us. And looking at where discount rates are and inflation on health care, that's driving up our costs another $0.03 to $0.07 on top of this year. So there's $0.16 to $0.23 of headwinds. Considering that we are right on track with our long-term guidance is really evidence that this model of sustainability is working. We are able to offset a lot of that because of our cost-savings initiatives we have been executing over the years. The other fact is we have also allowed in our guidance for next year the continuation of reinvesting in these cost savings projects. So that $0.15 that we did this year is very similar to next year's thinking, although we haven't identified all of the projects and we are currently working through our list of evaluation of them. But we feel good about the guidance. It is exactly what we have been saying the last four years.
C. McCracken: Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with JP Morgan.
P. Zuanic: I am just trying to get my hands around these comments about brand building. I mean, on the one hand I see that SG&A over revenues was unchanged year-on-year, so what happened? Maybe G&A was down and brand building was up? But can you just comment on that because the numbers I am looking at seem to indicate that as a percentage of sales brand building was flat. And if you can just explain there. I think most of that goes on the SG&A line except for the inserts that go on the cost of sales line. But please expand on that. I am just trying to understand. And also related to brand building, how much of that would you say is discretionary, and how much is more the market forcing you to spend more on advertising. Some other companies may opt to be more aggressive on pricing. You have a different strategy but that means you have to spend more on advertising. So it's not that we should give you kudos for spending more on brand building and investing for the long term as it's just what the market is demanding you do given your strategy.
J. Boromisa: I will take the first part of your question. When you look at SG&A, we have a continual focus here on optimizing our overhead area. And as you remember, last year we had a couple large cost savings projects to help on that line item. Those types of savings in our overhead area through SAP implementation, through the restructuring that we did in Europe are basically funding a lot our brand building and that's what we look to do going in the future.
D. Mackay: On discretionary spending, it is discretionary. It’s brand building; it is not price-based. So we are talking about support behind innovation. We are talking about incremental advertising either new campaigns, new ideas that we are talking to consumers about it. We are talking about value-added promotions as far as inserts and on-packs. We are not talking about price-based activity. So it isn't driven by so much a competitive demand which typically reflects itself in tactical activity. It is very strategic in nature. We said in the second quarter given the strength of the business, we had a lot of innovation in Q3 and a lot of opportunities to increase our brand building. We took that opportunity, which we believe is absolutely right, to drive our brands to grow our top-line growth, which I think is reflected in the third quarter. And we want to continue doing that forward because in our view it is working.
P. Zuanic: Great. If you can expand on those two markets. You mentioned you were facing more competitive pressures than expected, I assume one of them was Europe?
D. Mackay: One of them was the UK in particular, where there was a lot of buy-one-get-one activity, a lot of tactical activity going on. Which I can also tell you does appear to have calmed down a little bit although it is always relatively aggressive there. And that was probably the key market. I mean all the markets in which we compete around the world are competitive by nature, especially the larger ones but that's ongoing.
P. Zuanic: Jeff so you are saying $0.05 to $0.06 in charges for '06 but most likely to be increased by $0.15 and pretty similar to what you did in '05 the way you gave guidance. But as you increase those charges does that mean that your GAAP guidance would change or you would just absorb the higher $0.10 in charges?
J. Boromisa: Yes. We have identified $0.05 to $0.06 going into next year. We have included in our guidance the assumption of using the full $0.15.
J. Jenness: I would just like to expand on our confidence in our business model, that included in our guidance is not only the $0.15 of similar upfront cost activity that we had last year included in the guidance of '06, but also brand building at a rate greater than our sales growth. And we are absorbing that into the business. So we see the funding of this as real positive.
J. Boromisa: Yes. We are working through that process right now, Pablo and evaluating and identifying those projects.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Linda Donnelly with Franklin Management.
L. Donnelly: I believe you mentioned earlier that you are expecting capital expenditures for '06 of 4 % of sales. What do you anticipate it being for '05?
J. Boromisa: Right now year-to-date we are about 2.8%, slightly below the 3% target. We do see that increasing in the fourth quarter. We will probably be closer to 3.5% by the end of the year. And for next year, our guidance is, really due to capacity constraints that we have across the businesses across lots of our different businesses, to increase that to 4%. But it's really driven from a capacity standpoint.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Todd Duvick with Banc of America Securities.
T. Duvick: I wanted to check and see if you could expound a little bit on your strategy for free cash flow use. You are obviously increasing your share repurchase authorization both for this year and then looking into next year. Also, I guess you said that in the short term, debt is going to increase partly as a function of the share repurchase activity. Can you tell me, going forward, what your priorities for free cash flow are going to be? If you expect debt to continue to decline in 2006? And how that may jibe with your strategy for improving your credit rating.
J. Boromisa: At the end of the second quarter, as we talked a little bit on the conference call, that we were going through this process of evaluating the different alternatives of our cash flow, and there's certainly the share repurchase and increasing that is part of that result. We think that that's certainly a great avenue for our cash flow. The other one is we are doing some benefit funding here in the fourth quarter, which helps us for next year. And when we talk about the $0.03 to $0.07 of benefit increase next year, that’s with the assumption of doing this funding – so you can see how big those cost increases are. The other important avenue, when we look at cash flow, is having available debt capacity for the Company. That if there is an acquisition that comes up that is makes a lot of sense and is a good fit for the Company, that we can transact that without any problem. So that's the other third part that we looked at. So going forward, certainly in the short-term, debt will certainly not go down in the fourth quarter. We do see it stabilizing essentially where it is at the end of this year for next year, but our long-term commitment is to continue to look at reducing debt, look at net debt which is debt less cash, and try to bring that down over the long term.
Operator: Thank you. Next we will take a question from Terry Bivens with Bear Stearns.
T. Bivens: Just on the cereal category, one question I guess with two parts. Could you give us the category growth that you saw in the quarter? And also, it looks as though there is some suggestion that maybe private label is taking their price up a little bit. If you could talk a little bit about the pricing environment in U.S. cereal as well.
D. Mackay: Sure. The IRI data said the category was down 0.2. When you reflect non-measured channels, we believe the category grew between 2 and 3% for the quarter. And on your question specifically regarding private label, it does appear in the third quarter that their average price per pound is up about 1.5%. And it was down through the first half. That's in the IRI data.
T. Bivens: Okay. And if you could give us a breakdown, if you would, David, on the volume price on that 11% sales increase in North American cereal.
D. Mackay: If you look at the IRI data for Kellogg reported was 1.5%. Non-measured channels, Terry, you can use 3% to 5%. It always falls somewhere in that 3 to 5 range. Year-ago we had the price increase. We typically protect price increase promotions. So year-ago trade expenditure, based on the price increase promotions was higher, so this year it was lower by 1% or 2%. And actually in the third quarter of this year our trade and coupon spend was also down 1% or 2% versus year-ago. So that's broadly it. We have reconciled it back as we typically do. The biggest swing clearly is in non-measured channels in the 3% to 5% range. But a very good quarter for us, and we are very, very pleased. Our base sales were up, as you know, and while our incremental was slightly down, we had a very strong quarter in innovation and brand building.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Adelman with Morgan Stanley.
D. Adelman: I would like to get a better understanding of what is happening with your gross margins. If you step back, I think they were up 110 basis points Q2, granted that was particularly strong. Now they are down 90 basis points. How does that break down based on what is happening on the margin between higher fuel and energy costs versus the competitive dynamics in a couple of markets that you had referenced?
J. Boromisa: Yes, we are down about 90 in the quarter; we are up about 30 basis points year-to- date, so slightly below our target of 50. But energy and fuel has been a component now. The increase in the quarter is quite large. We do have cost savings projects that help mitigate and bring that down, but certainly if we didn't have the energy fuel increases, that would have probably contribute about 1/3 of that 90 basis points. The other thing that you have to see is that on our cost savings initiatives there was about $0.01 more in up-front costs this quarter versus last year. So that has a contributing effect also, that's probably 1/3 of it also. And then the rest is the competitive environment we see in Europe.
D. Adelman: And the $0.12 to $0.13 number you flagged for fuel and energy for the year, what would that have been coming into the second quarter? Because that's not a number you've shared with us before. How much has that comp gone up over the last couple of months in your forecasting?
D. Mackay: I haven't got the exact number but I would expect, David, it would have been probably half than that, maybe slightly less than that. You look at the price of natural gas today versus where it was six to nine months ago, it's jumped incredibly high, as have packaging and energy-based costs gone up across the board, as well as the price of diesel remaining extremely high. And our forecast is that all those things are starting to come through. So it would have been significantly less than half, I guess. But I can't give you an exact number because we didn't work it out on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jon Feeney with Wachovia.
J. Feeney: In the spirit of one question here, looking at your decision to expand capacity here, I am not quite sure, David, I understood your response to Terry's question about the split between volume and pricing in cereal. If you could clarify that in the midst of answering this question. You've put that off capacity expansion to a great extent, and a great part of volume-to-value has been over the past few years, taking the pricing to avoid having to break ground on new facilities in a category that is growing between 2 and 3% in the U.S. First, are you expanding capacity in cereal? And secondly, could you just get a little bit more granular about what the current pricing environment is as far as price mix's contribution to the 11% growth in North American cereal?
D. Mackay: Yes, we are expanding capacity in cereal. Some of it is driven by mix, where our capacity in certain product lines which have grown extremely fast over the last year or two has meant that we just don't have the capacity to service those and maintain the service levels that our trading partners expect of us. So some of it is forced through that. If you look at volume-to-value, we continue to grow price mix but volume is also up, which we believe is a very positive thing. And across the board, as we look at the categories in the future and our current capacity constraints across some of the products we are seeing grow pretty fast now, it is clear that we need to make this very high return investment in CapEx.
J. Boromisa: Also, Jon, when you look at capital allocation within the Company, these types of projects have the highest internal rate of return, and it gives us a stronger sustainable cash flow in the future with these types of investments.
J. Feeney: David, I am sorry, is that the most granularity you can provide on price mix?
D. Mackay: If you look at volume and sales, volume was slightly over half of the sales for the third quarter, about 60% in North America.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Palmer with UBS.
D. Palmer: I want to ask this in a very general way. You highlighted energy and benefit costs this morning. This isn't the first time we've heard of these pressures from different companies. And you broke it out in pennies – it looks like 9 percentage points or so hit EPS growth in both '05 and '06 from these things. And it appears that every major supplier to the grocery channel has been or plans to in the near future retailer customers for a significant price increase, and not just on list, but promoted prices. Because of the significant price pressure and the fact that it has lasted for several years now, do you see price increases as generally being – I am not talking about Kellogg's – generally being more readily accepted in the future?
D. Mackay: I think all I will do is respond on what we are seeing affect our business. But, as you have heard already, we don't comment on what pricing activity we may or may not take ourselves. I think most companies are feeling the cost pressures we are feeling. It certainly has come faster and heavier than we predicted, even 3 to 6 months ago. And even though we are doing a projection now for '06, it could swing, because energy and fuel costs are very volatile. We believe the numbers we have given you are a pretty good reflection of where we think '06 is going to end up. And we are seeing a lot of our supplies of raw materials actually come through because of the incremental freight that they are having to bear in their P&Ls as well.
J. Jenness: A theme that we have tried to communicate here is that the way the way the Company has been managed over the last several years around sustainability and around realistic goals is really serving us well as we come into this area of some unpredictability relative to these input costs. So our confidence in delivering dependable growth to our shareholders is really what we are feeling very strong and very positive about despite these pressures.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with AG Edwards.
C. Growe: One point I wanted to clarify and that's on the commodity cost for 2006. I think you said $0.13 to $0.16, something like that. You mentioned that cost savings or efficiencies would overcome that. So should we assume it is mostly from the upfront cost programs, that the savings from those programs are roughly $0.13 to $0.16 for the coming year. Is that a reasonable estimate for next year?
J. Boromisa: Yes, Chris, when you look at that on-cost, it’s not only commodities but it is also benefits. But, yes, we are getting benefits from those prior cost initiatives, and we are also working on having more cost initiatives for next year. But, yes, that's part of the model that Jim was explaining. We feel good about the guidance because we do have these types of projects that are offsetting those types of costs.
J. Jenness: Chris, just to expand on my earlier comments. If you look at the shape of '06 and what we are laying out, our guidance is exactly the same story we've been on and the same performance levels we have been on for four years. Our strategy continues to be around growing the cereal business, expanding snacks business and looking for close-end selected growth opportunities. We are absorbing significant costs both in a benefit area and in the commodity area and while we are doing that we are still funding our brand building at a rate greater than net sales growth. We are funding up-front cost initiatives in that guidance of $0.15. And as Dave and I have gone around our world looking at plans for next year – the quality of the ideas and the investment opportunities – we feel very good about. And as Jeff pointed out, we have got the financial flexibility within this overall package of how we look at 2006 that if something comes up that we are interested in from an acquisition standpoint we have the financial flexibility to get it.
C. Growe: Okay. Along those lines, Jim, as we are looking at 2006 guidance in my model – if you assume that commodity costs are overcome by efficiency initiatives, and we'll hope that to be true, and you have flat up-front costs year-over-year, it does imply more of a reliance on more sort of one-time items like the lower tax rate, the increase in the share repurchase authorization and activity hopefully coming through. Is the missing link then, really, the brand building? I guess it could be substantial, no doubt, but it's been up so substantially now the last four or five years. Is that sort of the missing link for the guidance next year?
J. Boromisa: I am not sure if it is the missing link, Chris. Our brand-building initiative will continue to go up at a rate greater than sales. But we are always working to cut costs. And that's an ongoing program, not only from those cost savings initiatives we have executed in the past. It is our ongoing programs to help reduce costs.
J. Jenness: And, Chris, our ongoing operating profit guidance for next year is consistent with what our long-term target is.
D. Mackay: I think the only other thing, Chris, is because we have a lot of cost-saving initiatives we will be able to offset some of those costs. At this stage, we are working to find more, but that is a fairly significant jump in 2006 commodity, energy, and fuel-based costs. I think, to Jim’s point, that even with that we are pretty much on guidance for where we have been the last four years.
S. Burton: Let's take one more question and we will wrap it up, please.
Operator: Thank you, we will take our final question from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
E. Katzman: This kind of follows up on some of the questions that have been asked earlier. Maybe this is more of a statement and you will react to it. It seems to me that we are seeing a bit of a change here. Price mix is, since when Carlos took over and put on the Volume to Value strategy and the Manage For Cash, price mix has been a significant contributor every quarter. This quarter it was the lowest it's been in years. capex is moving up as a percentage of sales, and that has historically been kept low along with the working capital. So I guess there are a few things. One is, is ROIC likely to flatten out? And if these capex projects are such high-return projects, why would you – I mean it seems to me if they are such high-end projects because you have such momentum in cereal and snacks, wouldn't you scale back on the lower return projects which I assume are the cost savings projects that you have been tackling over the last few years? It seems to me that there is a bit of a change going on here, and that's what the stock is reacting to today, which is down significantly.
J. Jenness: Well, first of all, Eric, I would say that our level of capex, even as you think about it moving up as we have indicated, is still – relative to the industry – a very strong position to be in. And so keep that in mind, and keep in mind that our commitment to running this business against realistic targets for sustainability is what we are going to continue to drive into the business as we move forward, and that's what you are seeing.
D. Mackay: Yes. I would also add, if you look at volume-to-value in principle, you have seen the wheel, you know the component parts, nothing has changed. The fact that volume grows, I would have thought that would have been a net positive. We are still driving price mix, the combination of the two has really helped us. And we continue to drive innovation and brand building, which is all part of volume-to-value. So I don't think really much has changed, to be frank.
E. Katzman: Yes, but Dave, if you go back in the last few years, you emphasized price mix and not volume, and the idea was that you had such low capacity utilization that that price mix benefit really just fell to the bottom line so strongly. But now it’s kind of more volume-related so you have to add in relatively high cost capex. Unless you're willing to kind of go on record and say, well, the incremental capex has, I don't know, a 30 or 40% ROI versus what would be a typical project like on-cost savings which I think you said has got to be 20.
D. Mackay: Yes, I think, Eric, going from around 3% to 4%. I think the industry average is 4 or greater, so it's not a huge move. And we have seen growth in some areas where we had limited capital. And therefore, we have got to add it. Our job is to actually service what consumers want. If they want things where we don't have capacity, we are going to add it. As we look at our mix at the moment that's happening on a couple of brands. Those returns are going to be great for us, and it hasn't taken a capex above the industry norm.
E. Katzman: And, Jeff, does that translate into ROIC being kind of flat in '06 or even down if you boost capex by so much?
J. Boromisa: No, Eric, on the return on invested capital, we still see it moving up because simply on the share repurchase activity that we are doing, we feel we will be in a strong position. Also by reducing some of our cash on the balance sheet, we'll also be helping us in the future on that.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the question-and-answer session today. Mr. Burton, I would like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
S. Burton: We would just like to thank everybody for tuning in and we will talk to you all later.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
