===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-17 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Mauney, KeyCorp Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Mauney: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank you for joining KeyCorp's first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. I'm here with Chris Gorman, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Clark Khayat, our Chief Financial Officer. As usual, we will reference our earnings presentation slides, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of the key.com website. In the back of the presentation, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosures and certain financial measures, including non-GAAP measures. This covers our earnings materials as well as remarks made on this morning's call. Actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements and those statements speak only as of today, April 17, 2025, and will not be updated. With that, I will turn it over to Chris.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, Brian, and good morning. This morning, we reported very strong first quarter results. Both revenues and expenses were favorable to expectations. Revenues were up 16% from a year ago, while expenses were essentially flat. Our pre-provision net revenue increased more than $90 million from the fourth quarter on an operating basis. Concurrently, credit costs, NPAs and criticized loans are all trending in a positive direction, with NPAs declining by nearly 10% sequentially. Clark will walk you through the details of the quarter shortly, but first, I want to spend some time addressing what I'm sure is top of mind given everything that's going on, namely what are we seeing, what are we hearing from clients and how are we thinking about our go-forward strategy. Recent events are clearly having an impact on markets and client sentiment as the outlook for the economy is becoming more uncertain. At the same time, inflation remains sticky, potentially limiting some of the response actions the Fed could take. And finally, the geopolitical environment remains both uncertain and complex. While the market backdrop is dynamic and some of the recent announcements provide incremental stability so far in the second quarter, that is since the tariff announcements, we have seen our clients pause transactional activity waiting to see how things play out. At Key, we are successfully navigating the current macro uncertainty. In the normal course of business, we use broad range-based forecasting to manage our company, we are currently managing Key to an even broader range of potential scenarios. I am fully confident we are prepared to deal with whatever comes. We are here for our clients with our balance sheet and through our strategic advice as we have made and by the way, continue to make investments that make Key relevant to our clients and prospects in times like these. We are using this as an opportunity to be out in front of consumer and commercial clients and prospects. We are also here for our communities. We continue to invest in the communities we so proudly serve. We took the opportunity to increase our charitable foundation contribution this quarter. Additionally, our teammates continue to volunteer their valuable time. Last year, Key teammates volunteered more than 68,000 hours in their communities and served on almost 1,000 non-profit boards. We are fortunate to enter this environment from a position of strength. In retrospect, the Scotiabank strategic minority investment that we closed at the end of last year was well timed. It enabled us to reposition our business for the future, accelerating our capital and earnings trajectory while increasing our strategic agility to successfully navigate exactly the type of environment we are currently experiencing. We ended the quarter with a CET1 ratio of 11.8% and a marked CET1 ratio of approximately 10%, both at the high end of our peer group. Having excess capital is a luxury, not a burden. It enables us to support existing and prospective clients and enables us to take advantage of the inevitable dislocations that develop from time to time in the marketplace. We have ample liquidity as well, ending the quarter with over 30% of our balance sheet in cash and cash equivalents. Our low to moderate risk profile also protects us, relatively speaking, from tail risk events. We feel very good about the quality and profile of our loan book. With respect to tariffs, we are currently performing a name-by-name review of our largest clients to refine on a bottoms-up basis our potential exposure to the rapidly evolving landscape. Based on our top-down view of our industry concentrations, we believe this direct exposure will prove to be limited. We also entered this period of uncertainty with strong momentum and clearly defined tailwinds, some of which are hardwired in nature, particularly as it pertains to net interest income. Our leading indicators are pointing in the right direction. Loans are up sequentially on a spot basis with commercial loans up $1.2 billion. Our pipelines remain elevated and are not meaningfully reliant on M&A activity. We are confident that project loans, which are characterized by long lead times and complex governmental approvals will continue to fund as we move throughout the year. We continue to drive strong deposit growth and beta dynamics. On a year-over-year basis, deposits were up mid-single-digits. Household relationships were up 2%, and our commercial payments business continued to experience strong momentum while being very disciplined with respect to rate management. For the second consecutive year, our first quarter investment banking fees were a record. Despite the pull-through, our pipelines remain at historically elevated levels and were roughly flat compared to year-end. We remain cautiously optimistic that this business will ultimately grow mid to high single-digits in '25. But of course, risk to this level of performance are rising. As mentioned earlier, asset quality indicators are trending in the right direction. Overall credit migration improved for a fifth consecutive quarter. While normally, this would have driven a reserve release, we elected to make an adjustment in excess of $100 million to reflect potential economic weakness that could develop later this year. Lastly, in March, we announced a $1 billion share repurchase authorization by our Board of Directors, which we currently expect to commence in the second half of the year. Pace and magnitude of any share buybacks will depend on a number of factors, most notably how the rapidly developing macro environment evolves. To wrap up, as an industry, once again, we find ourselves operating in a turbulent environment. Having said that, we feel Key is well positioned for a wide range of outcomes. We entered this period from a position of strength, from a capital, from a liquidity and from a reserves perspective. We enjoy strong earnings and business momentum, and a clearly defined structural net interest income tailwind. We have a durable, well-positioned balance sheet. Given these unique benefits and, of course, subject to market conditions not deteriorating further, I feel confident in our ability to deliver on the 2025 financial commitments, which we have previously communicated. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Clark. Clark?
Clark Khayat: Thanks, Chris. Starting on Slide 4. We reported first quarter earnings per share of $0.33. Revenue was up 16% year-over-year, while expenses were up 1%, excluding last year's FDIC special assessment. Tax equivalent net interest income was $1.1 billion or up 4% sequentially and up 25% year-over-year. Non-interest income increased 3% year-over-year, reflecting continued momentum across commercial mortgage servicing, investment banking, wealth and commercial payments. On an adjusted basis, we achieved about 170 basis points of fee-based operating leverage on a year-over-year basis. Provision for credit losses of $118 million included $110 million of net charge-offs and an $8 million reserve build. The net build was a result of improved credit migration trends offset by our decision to add reserves to account for the current macro uncertainty. Our CET1 ratio was 11.8% and tangible book value per share increased roughly 26% year-over-year. Moving to the balance sheet on Slide 5. Average loans were down slightly sequentially, but we're up about $0.5 billion to $105 billion on a period-end basis. On a spot basis, C&I loans grew $1.5 billion or 3%, offset by intentional runoff of low yielding consumer loans, namely residential mortgages, and some net paydown activity in CRE. Within C&I, the growth was broad-based across industries and regions and primarily investment grade with both new and existing clients. As we've mentioned before, our business model provides clients with the best execution capabilities, whether it's on or off our balance sheet. This quarter, we raised roughly $25 billion of capital for our clients, retaining 17% on our balance sheet while distributing the remainder through our Capital Markets platform. Looking forward, if current market uncertainty persists or worsens, we have the flexibility and capacity to use our balance sheet to support clients who may have less attractive options in the capital markets. On Slide 6. Average deposits declined by less than 1% from last quarter toward the better end of our typical first quarter seasonality. Total deposits and client deposits both increased 4% year-over-year, reflecting growth in both consumer and commercial balances. On a reported basis, noninterest-bearing deposits were stable at about 19% of total deposits. Similarly, when adjusted for the noninterest bearing deposits in our hybrid accounts, that percentage remained stable at approximately 23%. Interest-bearing deposit costs decreased by 18 basis points during the quarter, while total deposit cost decreased by 12 basis points. Deposit betas continue to come in stronger than expected, reaching 46% through the first quarter and closer to 50% through the month of March. We also continue to steadily reduce our reliance on market funds. Wholesale borrowings and brokered CDs were 10% of earning assets in the first quarter, down from 11% in the fourth quarter and 15% a year ago. As a result, overall funding cost declined by 23 basis points this quarter. Slide 7 provides drivers of net interest income in NIM this quarter. Tax equivalent net interest income was up 4% and net interest margin increased 17 basis points from the prior quarter to 2.58%. The increase was largely driven by last quarter's securities repositioning and related Scotiabank investment as well as fixed rate assets and swap repricing, impact of our loans, remixing from low-yielding consumer into C&I and proactive deposit beta management, which more than offset the impact of seasonally lower deposits and two fewer days in the quarter. Turning to Slide 8. Noninterest income was $668 million, up 3% year-over-year. Excluding the impact from operating lease income, which reflects a prior change in accounting treatment, fee growth was closer to 6%. Commercial mortgage servicing fees were a record and grew approximately 36% year-over-year. As of March 31, we are the named primary or special servicer on approximately $710 billion of CRE loans, of which about $250 billion is special services. Active special servicing assets reached an all-time high of $12 billion. As a reminder, this is an [off-US] (ph) countercyclical business with a meaningful amount of special servicing situations expected to be resolved this year. This is an excellent example of our targeted scale strategy, and we expect this business to continue to perform well in the coming quarters. Investment banking and debt placement fees were $175 million, a record for our first quarter, exceeding last year's previous first quarter record by 3%. Syndication and debt capital markets activity drove the growth while M&A remained healthy. As Chris mentioned, pipelines remain at historically elevated levels and roughly flat to year-end. The ultimate yield on those pipelines, of course, are subject to overall market conditions. Elsewhere, service charges increased roughly 10%, largely driven by continued momentum in commercial payments, which saw fee equivalent revenue growth in the low teens year-over-year. Wealth management fees were up 2% and assets under management held relatively steady sequentially at $61 billion. On Slide 9, first quarter noninterest expenses of $1.13 billion, decreased 8% from the prior quarter and increased 1% year-over-year on an adjusted basis. The slight expense growth year-over-year was driven by higher personnel expense related to the fee growth as well as higher technology-related investments. Compared to the fourth quarter, personnel expenses declined due to lower incentive compensation, benefits expenses and fewer days in the quarter. Business services and professional fees, marketing and other expenses declined primarily due to seasonality and some unusually elevated expenses last quarter that we expected would not recur. While we continue to manage expenses diligently, we do expect expenses to increase throughout the year, consistent with previous guidance. These increases reflect an anticipated pickup in investment spend, salary increases, which for Key become effective in March, other personnel costs and seasonality impacts. As shown on Slide 10, credit quality is stable to improving. On a linked-quarter basis, net charge-offs were $110 million, down 4% or an annualized 43 basis points on average loans. Nonperforming loans were down 9%. The NPL ratio decreased 8 basis points to 65 basis points. Criticized loans were down roughly 1%, driven by commercial real estate. Turning to Slide 11. Our CET1 ratio was 11.8% as of March 31, and our marked CET ratio, which includes unrealized AFS and pension losses, came in at 9.9%, both of which we believe are at or near the top of our peer group. As Chris mentioned, having this excess capital is a luxury during these times of elevated uncertainty. Moving to Slide 12. Our 2025 guidance remains unchanged from January despite a more uncertain backdrop. This guidance incorporates a range of potential rate scenarios, anywhere from zero to four cuts as we move through the year. We continue to expect to deliver 20% net interest income growth this year. This reflects both our built-in structural tailwinds as well as our strong loan and deposit performance to start the year. As we shared previously, a significant portion of this growth comes from actions we took in 2024 connected to the Scotiabank strategic minority investment and related portfolio restructuring and as such, is largely in place. Our balance sheet is roughly rate neutral, allowing us the ability to manage moves in either direction. We also continue to feel very good about our ability to deliver on our fourth quarter exit rate NII of up 10% or more compared to the fourth quarter of 2024 and for NIM to be 2.7% or better. As we think about the bridge from first to fourth quarter, we have a number of tailwinds coming from approximately $11 billion of low-yielding fixed rate investment securities, consumer loans and swaps expected to mature at an average rate of 2.7%, day count, and our strong business momentum across both consumer and commercial. Beyond NII, our base case expectation is that the US avoids a recession in 2025. Of course, uncertainty has increased and business conditions are subject to change based on the environment. Assuming our macro view holds, we continue to believe adjusted fees will grow 5% or better this year, underpinned by mid to high single-digit growth across investment banking, wealth and commercial payments. If conditions worsen or deal activity remains on pause into the second half of 2025, we believe under most scenarios that we would have sufficient flexibility on expenses to still deliver fee-based operating leverage this year. On asset quality, year-to-date indicators are all trending in the right direction, but of course, future charge-offs will depend on the path of the economy. With that, I will now turn the call back to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. You may proceed.
Mike Mayo: Hey, Chris.
Chris Gorman: Hey, good morning.
Mike Mayo: Good morning. Kind of trying to reconcile your comments at the start about all the macro issues from markets to client uncertainty to geopolitical risks and all the stuff that we all know about. And I know you said you think we'll avoid a recession this year, but reconciling that with your guide, so the world is a lot more risky and worse and you've lost $7 trillion of stock market wealth out there. But at the same time, the curve isn't as good, and you're still reiterating 20% NII guide. GDP doesn't seem so good, but you're not building reserves. Markets are choppy, but you still expect 5% growth and inflation is sticky in your own words and costs are still guiding kind of the same ballpark. So how do I reconcile a world that seems so much more problematic with your guide that isn't changing?
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, let me kick it off and then I'll have Clark walk you through some of the details of our guide. I think the short answer, Mike, is that we -- the economy is in a period of great uncertainty. We're 15 days into these tariffs. The reality is our credit book is in good shape. Our clients are in good shape. Our backlogs are in good shape. Our business is doing well. But clearly, as you point out, there's a lot of uncertainty out there. Our base case is not that we will go into a recession. But I can tell you we run a whole bunch of scenarios including stagflation scenarios, which is probably the worst case for a bank. And in each instance, we're holding up well. So that's kind of the macro. And there's just -- there's so much uncertainty out there. I personally think as I talk to our clients, they remain cautiously optimistic. These companies are agile. A lot of them have pulled in their supply chains. And I think to the extent we can -- we, the United States can...
Mike Mayo: What does that mean, pulled in supply chain?
Chris Gorman: Well, I mean, so during the pandemic, for example, Mike, a lot of our middle market companies that had been having a lot of things manufactured, for example, in Southeast Asia, frankly, have moved them in many instances to Mexico, by the way, and in many instances, back to capacity they had here. So, my point there is those companies are probably less impacted if, in fact, the trade war goes on as long as it could. So, I'm just making the point that as I'm not talking to our clients, they're not as concerned as some of the markets would indicate. Does that make sense?
Mike Mayo: Yeah. Thank you. I interrupted your flow, but that was an important point. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: No, no. Thank you for your question. Clark, why don't you step Mike and the rest of the listeners through kind of the details of our guidance because we've spent -- trust me, we spend a lot of time looking at this.
Clark Khayat: Yeah. So I mean, short story in NII, we remain confident on the 20% up year-over-year. I can talk through the details of that. But a lot of that, as we mentioned, is sort of in from actions we took last year. On fees, as Chris mentioned, the pipelines remain robust and dialogue with clients is very active. We think the recent uncertainty here has created a pause and our view right now is it is a pause. So, if things resolve quickly and constructively, I think you'll see kind of a rubber-band like snapback, think activity will pick up again, and our clients are watching and they're waiting, frankly, for signs to reengage. If the pause persists, obviously, that impacts Q2. And there's probably already a little bit of softness in Q2, just even though we're 15 or so days into it. If it comes back relatively quickly in a positive way, I think you'll see really good activity come back in. And I think you'll see that a robust second half. And maybe that pushes the 5% plus down to 5% just based on timing, but we see and expect that fee base to come back. If it continues and persists longer, then you will see deals drop, you'll see clients head of the sideline and wait. But again, over our base case right now is that it's a pause. And while the duration is as of yet unknown, we don't expect a recession. We're not trying to be pollyannish here. We just think it's more likely to find a relatively constructive landing spot in the near term than not. Now, if that's not the case, right, if we see a more sustained downturn or recession, then obviously, investment banking will be impacted, wealth will be impacted. And if lower rates come with that downturn, you could see things like syndications, other debt options like commercial mortgage benefit of debt, but it would depend on what's driving rates down. We do view our fee base generally as fairly diversified beyond banking and wealth. CRE servicing would strengthen, I think, in a downturn. And in a lower rate environment, you could see hard dollar fees translate in payments. If we do see a lot of fee pressure based on a downturn, as we've said, we think we do have natural offsets in the expense base, and we'd be focused on delivering positive fee-based operating leverage in the year. We won't do that at the expense of long-term or midterm opportunities to build the franchise, but we think we have a lot of natural flex in the expense base overall. So, the last point, which, again, it’s too early to call, and that's one of the reasons why we're taking the stance we are. But if we do see a recession, the actions we took last year, I think have positioned the balance sheet and the business very well to weather that. And frankly, we think it may provide some dislocation opportunities with clients and markets that we can take advantage of.
Mike Mayo: Just one follow-up there would be the tariffs, you're going name by name. I assume you have not finished that. You've done a top-down review of reserving, but not your name by name. And I was interested. I guess pandemic is kind of a dress rehearsal for some of that, but you still have to go through the whole portfolio and do you know when that will be done and is that a risk to your reserving where you are today?
Chris Gorman: We have gone through the first cut, but one, the tariffs continue to move around. That's point one. Point two, there's the first order effect, which is the direct tariff, Mike. And then there is the second and third order effect. We have not yet really scoped that out, although we've estimated what we think it is. And then lastly, what's not knowable is what a response is going to be from one of our trading partners. So, it's early days, but I think it's important for you and everybody else to know we have all the analysis up and running, and it's a dynamic process.
Clark Khayat: And maybe, Mike, let me just add, on the reserve, on a net basis, we added $8 million. So, it doesn't look like a particularly large build. But for the recent uncertainty, we would have seen a pretty material release. So, we did now, from a reserving standpoint, incorporate a pretty severe downturn at about a 20% probability, and that's what the reserve reflects. So, as we move through time, if things don't improve, you'll see the probability of that increase, and we'll reserve appropriately for that. But at this point, we are incorporating, at least on the reserve side, a qualitative build that reflects a pretty meaningful percentage or pretty meaningful recession, albeit it's still, kind of 20th -- 20ish-percent probability.
Mike Mayo: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning. Chris, given what you said at the start of the call on some of this uncertainty impacting client sentiment, how are you thinking about C&I loan growth from here? So, utilization rates were up in the first quarter. Can you talk about what drove that? And can you talk about the interplay between debt capital markets and loan growth? Are you seeing some refis out of loan growth in the first quarter and how do you expect that to be here for the rest of the year?
Chris Gorman: Sure. So, later in the quarter, we did in fact experience pretty strong C&I loan growth and it was really broad-based. It was broad-based from a region perspective. We put some new teams on the ground in places like Chicago and Southern California where we have traction. We also had traction in things like affordable housing and renewables. Those are project-based deals. And those are, once they're locked in, we've got pretty good visibility on those. You did mention something important, and that is we finally saw an uptick in utilization. I think it was about 92 basis points, And I had personally thought that we would see that a lot earlier. I thought people would be forward buying the tariffs. So, we saw just a little tick-up there. I would anticipate, given this 90-day reprieve, that we'll continue to see probably a little bit of an increase in utilization. And then to the second part of your question, which is really, really important as you think about our business model, I think everything was flashing green at the end of last year. I think we were putting 15% or 16% of the capital we raised on our balance sheet. This time, this quarter, it went up to 17%. What you'll see is as you get dislocations in markets, and obviously the credit markets, if you go back to a week ago Wednesday, we're clearly in dislocation. That's when you'll see us have the opportunity to really opportunistically grow our balance sheet. So, I think to the extent we see this choppiness continue, you'll see us put more on our balance sheet in an opportunistic way. Thanks for the question.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Very, very helpful. And then maybe just to follow up to the prior line of questioning, can you just talk about some of the puts and takes in that 20% NII guide? So, if the belly of the curve starts to come back down, maybe if you see weaker C&I loan growth just as sentiment weakens, what other flexibility do you have in that guide to still hit that 20% number?
Clark Khayat: Yeah, thanks, Manan, it's Clark. So, look, a fair amount of the 20% as we've talked about is reflected on the restructurings we did last year. And we were trying to be opportunistic at the time. It turns out, I think, we did -- doing those restructurings when we did, getting the deal closed late in the fourth quarter, I think, has all benefited us for the year, both from a timing and a market reinvestment level. So, I think that provides a little bit of tailwind that is not insignificant. I think we've seen good loan growth to start. I think we've seen good deposit performance to start. So, all of that would trend us to high degree of confidence. The things that would have to happen for us to not hit the 20% at this point are pretty significant. You'd have to see a fairly, and there's a combination of things, right, but a fairly big pullback in the C&I loan book. Again, we don't necessarily see that happening. We started the quarter off up $1.5 billion, so that would have to reverse and actually go down to the extent the economy weakens and you see inflation continue, retail checking, dropping, obviously, could put some pressure there. And then as you said, just the shape and level of the curve. So, a lower, flatter curve obviously becomes a little bit more challenging, but it would have to be a fair bit lower and a fair bit flatter and it would have to be moving pretty rapidly. So, as we talked about a month or so ago, the kind of tail parts of the curve, up or down 100 in very quick succession, I think, are the places where we would have a tougher time reacting. But, the balance sheet is fairly neutral at this point. And to the extent loan growth doesn't come in, we've got some opportunity again to optimize funding, as we did last quarter. And just to remind you, even in cases, as Chris said, where we're building the C&I book, we are often trading out of the consumer loan. So, it's not like we're building a bigger funding need. We're just changing out the profile of the loan book. So again, there are some scenarios where the 20% doesn't happen. We think it's a little bit of some tail things coming together, and we think we've got some offsets to manage that if necessary, but at this moment, we still feel pretty good about it.
Manan Gosalia: That's very helpful. Thanks, Clark.
Clark Khayat: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. You may proceed.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning.
Chris Gorman: Hey, good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess maybe just one to follow up, Chris. I think in your prepared remarks, and then you answered some of this in -- to Mike's question, but you mentioned project loans will continue to fund throughout the year. I guess part of the concern is there's just so much uncertainty. CapEx projects are on the sidelines. Some of these tariff negotiations may take months, if not longer. Do you think when you talk to these customers who want to make CapEx decisions, like what's your sense of the amount of clarity they need on this front before they can pull the trigger?
Chris Gorman: Well, so there's kind of two things. One is if they have a CapEx project that's in flight, full speed ahead. The last 90 days haven't changed a thing because those are planned and committed long before they start. I will say, over the last 90 days, most everybody is pausing until they have better visibility going forward. So, existing things that are in the pipeline, I don't see them being impacted. In terms of new projects being launched, until there's more clarity, I think obviously the current environment hinders that.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Understood. And on the buyback authorization, so $1 billion, pretty meaningful. Remind us what you're targeting on the CET1. How much of a ramp-up should we expect and think about when we are forecasting earnings as far as the piece of buyback is concerned, starting, I guess, with third quarter?
Chris Gorman: Sure. So, first, let me kind of just, in terms of kind of a target, we're targeting 9.5% to 10% on a marked basis, marked CET1. And obviously, we're there right now. And we've got great trajectory. We'll continue to build capital. So that's kind of, put that aside for a second. And then what we've always talked about in terms sort of our order of operations with respect to our capital is first and foremost to support our clients. And as we -- it's murky out there right now, but we're seeing a lot of activity. And our goal is to use our capital to support both our clients and our prospects. That's the first thing. Second thing, of course, is to invest in the business. As you know, we've continued to invest in the business, which in our business is really technology and hiring people. We'll continue to do that. We'll continue to look at kind of niche acquisitions. I think we have a pretty good track record of successfully integrating entrepreneurial groups into Key. We'll continue to do that. And then lastly, obviously there's a couple different levers we can pull with capital. One is we can tweak our balance sheet as we've restructured significantly last year. We can do that. And also the lever of being able to repurchase our shares. And so, where this will -- it’ll probably be a combination of all the above, but I think we need clarity on a couple of things. One, we need clarity as we've been talking on this call, exactly where we all think the economy is going. That's the first thing. Second thing we need clarity on is, where does the Basel III endgame end? And I think, I don't frankly think that's going to be that material in our instance, but I think it's important to see that. And after we get some clarity on those two things, we'll probably commence, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, in the second half of the year. And there's enough moving pieces that I want to remain flexible as to both the pace and the timing of that.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's good color. Thanks, Chris.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Peter Winter with D.A. Davidson & Co. You may proceed.
Peter Winter: Thanks. Clark, last quarter, you talked about the margin hitting 3% plus at some point next year. What are the main drivers to get there versus 2.58% currently? And what are some of the potential risks we should watch out for, so the margin may be falling short of that medium-term target?
Clark Khayat: Yeah. Thanks, Peter. So, on the one hand, I think it's continued over time, continued strong commercial loan growth, right? That obviously comes in at strong margins and in some sides. So, to the extent we see that return over time, we start to build -- continue to build the commercial book as we did here in the first quarter. I think the tradeoff there is the continued rundown of some of these lower yielding consumer mortgages. Over time, recall that those are coming off at kind of a 3.3% yield, so quite materially lower than where we're trading into C&I. And then obviously the shape of the yield curve and the reinvestment rate on the investment portfolio. So, to the extent we get steepening, that obviously helps all of us in that process. If we're kind of lower and flatter, it becomes a little more challenging, although obviously we'd have an offset there on deposit pricing. So, it's a little bit of put and take on growth of the economy, our ability to continue to sort of change out into C&I where we have real strength, and then manage the deposit base appropriately. I do think one of the benefits, as I mentioned earlier, in this kind of remixing of the loan portfolio is that it doesn't require a lot more liquidity to do that. So, we don't have to be aggressive on deposit pricing as much subject to other things happening in the market. We are just redeploying it to a different loan type with a much better yield. So, I do think that that benefits us. The risk is that there isn't low growth or the risk is that we have a very flat or inverted yield curve over some period of time because the economy is reflecting softness. So, hard to predict that, but I do think, again, the actions we took last year put us in a good position to get at or near that level over the course of the next 18 months or so.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks. And then, Chris, if I could follow up on your comment with capital management, you talked about maybe tweaking the balance sheet. I'm just curious, why not reposition some of the securities portfolio now and pull forward some of that benefit and lock it in?
Chris Gorman: Well, as you can imagine, Peter, we're always looking at everything. And we obviously are looking at the numbers all the time. We're looking at our capital. Right now, before we would do that or repurchase our shares, as I mentioned, I'd want greater clarity on the trajectory of the economy. And I'd also like greater trajectory on how much capital we actually need to carry. So we're looking at it as we've mentioned on other calls. We also have looked at a variety of kind of transactions around the balance sheet. But obviously right now, I like how we're positioned. I like the two-step that we did last year where we repositioned about $10 billion worth of our bonds and picked up about 300 basis points. So, I feel good about the trajectory of the balance sheet.
Clark Khayat: And maybe one, just add one level deeper there, Peter, I think to Chris' point, we need clarity on the economy first and foremost. So I don't think you want to go move around capital until we have a sense of where that's going. And then just in the prioritization, right, the first thing we're going to want to do is continue to support our clients. As we did that in the first quarter, remember C&I loans have 100% plus risk weighting. The consumer loans are running off are more like 50%. So we are using dollar for dollar a little bit more capital. When we do that, we think it's the right thing to do and has the appropriate returns. So we'd have to be in a place where we feel like the economy is stable and we're not seeing as much loan growth as we'd like to really dig into something like another restructuring. Now, it doesn't mean we might not do things on the margin or in smaller chunks, and we will do that opportunistically, but to do something more significant, we'd have to see the sort of the ordered pair of moderate to strong economy and not a lot of loan growth. And as of right now, we just don't see that pairing showing up.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks, Clark.
Clark Khayat: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nathan Stein with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed.
Nathan Stein: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. You talked about how dislocation in the markets gives you opportunities to maybe gain share. Can you just elaborate more on what kinds of markets and customers you're targeting and how would you gain share during periods of volatility when people are pushing back new CapEx plans like you said?
Chris Gorman: Well, there's a variety of -- for example, I'll use real estate. We have, I think, one of the best real estate platforms in the country. To the extent someone wants to go to the CMBS market and the CMBS market is backed up or it's volatile or it's choppy or it's not even available and these are good clients that we finance time after time, those are transactions that we could bridge and then take it out to the CMBS market. That would be an example of what I'm talking about.
Nathan Stein: Great, thanks. And then separately, could you talk briefly about the commercial real estate gross charge-offs, which were a little elevated in the first quarter? Can you just talk about the drivers of that?
Clark Khayat: We'll have to get back to you on the specifics of that. We definitely had some movement in that book, largely positive around paydowns. And actually, our crit number overall came down largely based on CRE. But I'll come back to you on details of that charge-off number.
Nathan Stein: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you.
Clark Khayat: Sorry. Actually, I will just give you, it's really two names that came off in the quarter. So, I wouldn't say broad-based across the portfolio. In fact, we think the health of the portfolio generally is improving, but in any quarter a name or two that resolves will potentially make that ratio look a little worse.
Operator: Thank you. There are currently no questions registered at this time. I’d like to pass the call back over to Chris Gorman for any final further remarks.
Chris Gorman: Well, I just want to close by saying thank you. We appreciate your interest in Key. This concludes our first quarter earnings conference call. If you have any further questions, please reach out to our IR team directly. Thank you. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you all. That concludes today's conference call. Once again, we appreciate you all's participation. We hope you all have a wonderful day, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-21 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Mauney, KeyCorp Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Mauney: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank you for joining KeyCorp's fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. I'm here with Chris Gorman, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Clark Khayat, our Chief Financial Officer. As usual, we will reference our earnings presentation slides, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of the key.com website. In the back of the presentation, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosures and certain financial measures, including non-GAAP measures. This covers our earnings materials as well as remarks made on this morning's call. Actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements and those statements speak only as of today, January 21, 2025, and will not be updated. With that, I will turn it over to Chris.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter results marked another significant milestone for Key as we continue our journey to realize our full earnings potential. We reported an EPS loss of $0.28 per share. However, after adjusting for the impact of our second strategic securities repositioning, which we completed in December, EPS was a positive $0.38. In the fourth quarter, we took the opportunity to incur approximately $50 million of elevated expenses that we would not expect to recur. Our revenue momentum is clearly defined and significant. Adjusting for the securities repositioning, revenue was up 11% sequentially and up 16% versus the prior year. Both net interest income and adjusted fees grew double digits. Regarding NII, while loan demand remained soft, we exceeded our fourth quarter exit rate commitment by driving another strong quarter of client deposit growth, up 1.5% sequentially and 4% year-over-year. Concurrently, we continue to execute our disciplined and proactive deposit repricing plan. Deposit betas have been stronger than expected, 40% from the first rate cut. Additionally, I continue to be encouraged by our strong credit performance. Credit migration improved for the fourth consecutive quarter. Criticized loans were down another $500 million and net charge-offs were down $40 million sequentially. Nonperforming assets are peaking and assuming the macro environment remains constructive for the balance of the year, we expect nonperforming loans to begin to decline by midyear. For the full year, I am proud that we met or exceeded the financial targets on an operating basis that we detailed for you at the beginning of 2024. Net interest income was in the middle of our targeted range and our exit rate was favorable. Fee growth was stronger than expected, more than offsetting the related expense levels. We achieved meaningful positive operating leverage in the second half of the year. Full year net charge-offs were in line with guidance. Throughout the year, we continued to lay the groundwork that positions Key to continue to deliver outsized growth and operating leverage in 2025. In consumer, we grew relationship households in excess of 3% for the second consecutive year, including growth of 5% to 8% throughout our Western markets. In our Eastern markets, we continue to grow households while continuing to penetrate the substantial wealth opportunity that exists in our scaled, mature markets. As of year-end, our assets under management reached another record of approximately $61.4 billion. Sales production in our mass affluent segment also was record-setting. We enrolled an additional 5,000 clients and added over $500 million to the platform in the fourth quarter. Further, in the last two years, our mass affluent segment has added nearly 40,000 households with over $2 billion of AUM and almost $4.5 billion of total client assets. Concurrently, we have hired over 170 wealth professionals onto our platform, and we plan to hire another 60 or so in 2025. Turning to commercial payments and deposits. Commercial payments revenue grew mid-single-digits year-over-year for the fourth quarter, and deposit balances were up 3% year-over-year, while being very disciplined on rate management, a testament to our relationship model. Over the last decade, payments has been an area of focus and an area of consistent investment. For example, we were one of the first banks to build embedded banking capabilities. We will continue to develop our differentiated platform with plans to invest in additional software advisors and relationship bankers, enhanced digital and analytics tools, while concurrently continuing to invest in embedded banking. More broadly, in the middle market, we recently expanded our presence in Chicago and Southern California. Our new teams have hit the ground running. New loan volumes improved for the third consecutive quarter, and our pipelines are nearly double those of a year ago. I am confident in our ability to drive commercial loan growth this year. Finally, our investment banking results were outstanding for both the fourth quarter and for the full year. Fourth quarter fees were a robust $221 million, and full year fees were the second strongest in our history. Growth this quarter was broad-based across loan syndications, M&A, DCM and ECM. 2024, we raised over $125 billion of capital for our clients with $54 billion raised in the fourth quarter alone. Importantly, we are off to a strong start in 2025. Our pipelines, most notably M&A, remain at historically elevated levels. We successfully recruited senior bankers last year and plan to hire another 10% in 2025. Subject to the usual market caveats, I remain optimistic with respect to the trajectory of our investment banking business. In addition to the investments I just described, I'm also proud of the progress we made on a number of technological front last year. We completed two major core modernization projects, our core commercial loan platform and our derivatives platform. We also made significant progress on our migration to the cloud, including our contact center technology and our consumer online banking portal. We expect to complete our cloud journey this year. At this point, all but two of our major systems and half of our apps have been successfully migrated to a hybrid cloud environment. In 2025, we plan to increase our overall tech spend by about 10% to $900 million, driven by transform or change the bank spend. Our ultimate objective is to make it easier for our clients to bank with Key and easier for our teammates to better serve the needs of our clients. Finally, I want to commend our team for the successful closing of the Scotiabank minority investment prior to year-end. Relatedly, I also want to welcome two new Board members, Jackie Allard and Somesh Khanna. Jackie and Somesh bring broad-based financial services, digital and technology background that I believe will be additive to our already strong Board of Directors. I'm also pleased to welcome Mo Ramani to Key as our new Chief Risk Officer. Mo brings a wealth of industry experience, most recently serving as Deputy Chief Risk Officer at a large Category 3 bank. As we turn the page to 2025, we celebrate Key's 200th anniversary. This remarkable achievement is only possible because of the hard work of our teammates, both current and former and their collective commitment to our clients, our communities and our shareholders. I am grateful for their dedication to our company and proud to be part of their team. We entered 2025 from a position of strength. At year-end, our reported common equity Tier 1 ratio was 12% and our marked CET1 ratio was 9.8%, both in the top quartile of our peer group. We have pronounced tailwinds across both our net interest income and our high-priority fee-based businesses. Our credit profile remains strong. While we plan to make targeted investments in additional capabilities this year, we will remain disciplined with respect to our overall expenses, which we expect to grow in the low to mid-single-digit range. As a result, we will drive both fee-based operating leverage as well as a 10% or better overall operating leverage in 2025. In short, we are well positioned for a very strong year in 2025 and an exit rate that will further position Key for outsized growth again in 2026. With that, I will turn the call over to Clark to review the financial results and our 2025 outlook in greater detail. Clark?
Clark Khayat: Thanks, Chris. Starting on Slide 4. We reported a fourth quarter EPS loss of $0.28 or on an adjusted basis, a positive $0.38 per share. Late December, we sold securities with a market value of roughly $3 billion with a weighted average yield of about 1.5% and an average duration of a little over eight years. We fully reinvested the proceeds prior to year-end in primarily three to five-year duration MBS at a yield pickup of about 400 basis points. These new securities will provide liquidity and capital benefits relative to what was previously owned. Consistent with our expectations when we announced the transaction with Scotiabank back in August, we utilized roughly half their capital injection to complete two securities portfolio repositionings, one each in the third and fourth quarter. We sold in total approximately $10 billion in market value of securities or almost 30% of our AFS portfolio and over 50% of the long-dated securities that were yielding less than 2%. Together, these actions added $54 million to 2024 net interest income and will add about another $270 million in 2025 net interest income. Revenue trends were impacted by the losses from the securities sales just described. On an adjusted basis, revenue was up 11% sequentially and up 16% year-over-year, with strength in both NII and fees. Expenses of $1.2 billion were up on an operating basis, reflecting the strong fee quarter and some charges we took to enable us to hit the ground running in 2025. I'll go into these in more detail later. On an adjusted basis, we achieved roughly 400 basis points of positive operating leverage year-over-year. Credit costs of $39 million included $114 million of net charge-offs offset by a $75 million loan loss reserve release. The release was primarily a function of lower loans and decline in criticized loans and $25 million specifically allocated to charge-offs we took in the quarter. Our CET1 ratio increased to 12% and tangible book value per share increased roughly 17% year-over-year. Turning to Slide 5. Full year 2024 EPS was impacted by the securities portfolio repositionings. Adjusted for these actions and FDIC special assessment costs, EPS was about $1.16. Net interest income was down about 3.5% or the middle of the target range we provided last January. Scotiabank investment-related benefits added about 150 basis points to growth, offset by an $8 billion decline in loan balances over the course of 2024 and near-term impact from rate cuts late in the year. Our fourth quarter exit rate NII hit the $1 billion-plus target that we had set at the beginning of the year, even after adjusting for Scotiabank impacts. Adjusted fees were up 7%, meaningfully better than the 5% plus guide we provided at the start of the year as Investment Banking had its second best year ever. Commercial mortgage servicing, wealth and commercial payments also posted strong results. Expenses were up almost 3% compared to our original guidance of flat to up 2%, primarily due to the strong fee environment and the additional expenses we noted. Credit costs improved, reflecting allowance releases this year versus builds in 2023 and net charge-offs were 41 basis points, at the high end of our original range of 30 to 40 basis points, due in part to the lower loan denominator. Moving to the balance sheet on Slide 6. Average loans declined 1.4% sequentially and ended the quarter just north of $104 billion. Decline reflects tepid client demand, active capital markets, our disciplined approach as to what we're willing to put on the balance sheet and the intentional runoff of low-yielding consumer loans as they pay down and mature. As we've mentioned before, our business model provides clients with the best execution capabilities, whether it's on or off our balance sheet. In the quarter, we raised $54 billion of capital for our clients. And as Chris mentioned, had a very strong quarter of investment banking fees. Only 12% of the capital we raised in the quarter went to our balance sheet. On Slide 7. Average deposits increased 1.3% sequentially to nearly $150 billion, reflecting growth across both consumer and commercial deposits. Client deposits were up 4% year-over-year. On a reported basis, noninterest-bearing deposits remained at 19% of total deposits. Similarly, when adjusted for the noninterest-bearing deposits in our hybrid accounts, that percentage remained stable at approximately 23%. Deposit costs declined by 21 basis points with interest-bearing costs decreasing by 25 basis points during the quarter. Deposit betas have been stronger than expected, reaching 40% through the fourth quarter and closer to 45% through the month of December. Slide 8 provides drivers of net interest income and the NIM this quarter. Taxable equivalent net interest income was up 10% and the net interest margin increased 24 basis points from the prior quarter. While the increase was driven largely by the Scotiabank investment and related securities repositioning, we were able to mitigate near-term impact from Fed rate cuts and lower loans with continued client deposit growth momentum, higher deposit beta and other funding optimization initiatives. Overall, interest-bearing liabilities declined by 35 basis points this quarter. Turning to Slide 9. Reported noninterest income was negative due to securities losses. Adjusting for this, noninterest income was up 18% year-over-year. Investment banking and debt placement fees increased $85 million, up over 60% from the prior year. Indications that M&A fees drove most of the increase, while DCM, ECM and commercial mortgage activity augur nicely as well. Elsewhere, commercial mortgage servicing fees grew over 40% year-on-year and wealth management fees grew 8%, reflecting strong business momentum in these areas. As of 12/31, we serviced over $700 billion of loans in our commercial mortgage servicing business and our wealth business assets under management grew to another record level of $61.4 billion. On Slide 10, fourth quarter noninterest expenses were $1.2 billion, up 12%, both sequentially and year-over-year, adjusting for selected items in the year-ago quarter. Versus the year-ago quarter, growth was driven by higher incentive and stock-based compensation, reflecting the strong capital markets activity, a higher level of investment spend this year and some unusually elevated other expenses this quarter. Sequentially, the increase was driven by higher compensation related to strong fee environment, investment spend, market and employee benefits cost and some seasonal and miscellaneous other expenses. The bottom right of the page, we provide the primary drivers of the roughly $50 million of unusually elevated expenses in the quarter that Chris referenced earlier. We would not expect those elevated expenses in 2025 and therefore, I would not use the fourth quarter noninterest expense run rate as a guide for the year. I'll cover this in more detail in guidance shortly, but as we've said, we will remain very disciplined on expense management efforts throughout 2025. As shown on Slide 11, credit quality is stable to improving. Net charge-offs were $114 million, down 26% sequentially or an annualized 43 basis points on average loans. Nonperforming assets were up a modest 4% sequentially and remained low at 74 basis points of loans. We believe NPAs are peaking and expect them to decline by mid-2025, assuming no material adverse changes in the macro environment. Criticized loans declined by 7% in 4Q with broad-based improvements across C&I and commercial real estate. Credit migration across the entire portfolio improved for a fourth consecutive quarter and is back to the levels of two years ago. We expect criticized loans will continue to decline from here as tailwinds from recent rate cuts are not yet reflected in clients' financial statements. Turning to Slide 12. Our CET1 ratio reached 12% as of December 31, and our March CET1 ratio, which includes unrealized AFS and pension losses improved to 9.8%, both of which we believe are at or near the top of our peer group. Our tangible common equity ratio also improved to north of 7%. Slide 13 provides our outlook for full year 2025 relative to 2024. Ranges are shown on an operating basis. We expect average loans to be down 2% to 5% with year-end 2025 balances flat to where they ended 2024. Just a reminder that the down 2% to 5% is a measure of full year average loans, not a reduction from the end of 2024. Embedded within this guide, we expect consumer loans to decline by approximately $3 billion over the course of 2025 and offset by growth in commercial loans. Net interest income is expected to be up roughly 20% and for a second straight year to be up north of 10% on a fourth quarter to fourth quarter exit rate basis. We expect NIM to be 2.7% or better by Q4. We expect noninterest income to be up at least 5% with upside of capital markets conditions remain constructive. We expect expenses to be up 3% to 5% of this year's $4.5 billion depending on the fee environment, and we remain committed to achieving fee-based operating leverage this year, meaning on a percentage basis, fee income should grow faster than expenses. We expect the full year net charge-off ratio to be in the 40 to 45 basis point range or stable to fourth quarter levels with NPAs and criticized loans improving over the course of the year. Finally, we expect the tax rate to be 21% to 22% or 23% to 24% on a taxable equivalent basis, reflecting the expected higher level of earnings and some uptick in state tax rates. Finally, on Slide 14, we lay out the drivers behind our 20% growth expectations for net interest income in 2025 and 10% plus growth expectations from fourth quarter to fourth quarter. Our assumptions are conservative relative to this past Friday's forward curve and that we have assumed two rate cuts in 2025, one in May and one in December. You can see over half of the growth comes from the Scotiabank related actions and the amortization from swaps we terminated in late 2023, and another good chunk comes from ongoing fixed rate assets and swaps repricing. Given the structural nature of much of this, we have a high degree of confidence it will materialize. Primary swing factors relate to the degree to which we can drive quality, commercial loan growth this year and continue to manage deposit betas as well as the shape of the yield curve. And if our clients continue to view the capital markets as a better option to fund their growth and bank debt, we're fortunate to have strong debt placement capabilities at Key, and we would monetize these relationships through fees not net interest income this year as we did this past year. With that, I'll now turn the call back to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. John, please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Just wanted to get a little more color on the 20% NII outlook. You maintained it despite completing The Bank of Nova Scotia stake earlier plus the steeper curve. So -- and I appreciate the walk that you gave, but can you give a little bit more color around the rationale in keeping that 20%? I know you alluded to that your assumptions, at least around the Fed, could be conservative. Is there any other conservativeness built into this? And where could there be upside to this expectation as you look out? Thanks.
Clark Khayat: Sure. Thanks, John. So let me, just for the benefit of everybody, maybe go through the walk one more time, just so we're all on the same page, which would be Slide 14. If you just go kind of bucket by bucket in the waterfall, you have a big chunk that's just the full year incremental pickup from the securities repositioning of Scotiabank investment. Similarly, on the cash flow swaps, we terminated back in October of '23, you get the full year increment there as well. And then in the fixed asset repricing and swap bucket, you have the full year incremental impact of the US treasuries that matured last year. You have about $5 billion plus of cash flows, swaps that will mature this year at about 1.8%. We put some other forward starters on that come in later this year throughout the year at about 3.8%. And then you have the reinvestments on cash flows off the investment portfolio, which you referenced will come in potentially at a higher rate. All of that, we feel like it's not fully baked, but it's pretty well understood with some plus or minus in there. The last two pieces really are the business activity component. So as we mentioned, we'll continue to remix the loan portfolio into quality commercial loans away from consumer fixed rate loans. We'll continue to grow quality customer deposits and manage those betas and deposit costs. And then we've got some ability to optimize other liability costs as we move through the year. And just as a reminder on that, fourth quarter deposit costs in total, down 21 basis points, interest-bearing deposits down 25 and interest-bearing liabilities in total down 35. So we've continued to pull that lever where we can. And then the last piece there is just the full year impact of the size of the balance sheet on average relative to 2024 and the rate associated with rate impacts with that. So as we noted, really the factors here are going to be around loan growth and the business activity between loans, loan balances, deposit and pricing on deposits. As I've said, we've worked really hard to get our balance sheet to a more resilient place here. We believe today we're fairly neutral to rates, and we can effectively manage through a variety of rate environments. That said, the good question there of why not more than 20. If we go back to September, when we did the first repositioning and through the Q3 call, we have had some things lean to the positive, as you noted, namely fewer cuts or conversely higher reinvestment rates and having closed that second tranche a bit earlier than we planned, meaning we get the second portfolio trade done in '24 and coming into 2025 clean. The counter to that really is starting loan balances. So we're down about $1.5 billion in average loans from Q3. We would have expected that to be close to flat. So that pulls through the full year. As I mentioned, though, I think we're in very good shape to manage through a range of rate scenarios, and we're looking to support client loan demand. If we can grow commercial loans as planned, we will be in good shape relative to that 20%, and our NIM should get close to that 2.8% level by year-end. If we see stronger loan demand, and we can obviously support that, there could be some upside. But the reality is the industry has been waiting for that loan demand to manifest now for several quarters. And if it doesn't, we'll have other levers to pull to make sure we can hit the 20%. Lastly, the environment right now is still a bit uncertain despite improving client optimism, which I'm sure Chris will touch on. And we've got a new administration take seat here in the last 24 hours. That administration appears to be getting to work very quickly. So I think we'll all need a little bit of time to understand the moves and let the market digest them. But I'd say the short story is we're very confident in this guide, and we think we're well situated to take advantage of the market as it evolves.
John Pancari: Thanks, Clark. I appreciate the color. I guess, just related to that, if maybe you can elaborate a little bit more on your loan growth assumptions. I believe you had indicated it implies about flat on an EOP basis. Correct me if I'm wrong there. But -- and you're not the first to take a more conservative approach in guiding given the uncertain loan demand backdrop. I wanted to see if you can give a little bit more color on what you're seeing in terms of commercial borrowing activity and where the levers are there. Thanks.
Clark Khayat: Yeah. So I'll hit a couple of probably numbers here, and then I'll let Chris provide some kind of qualitative client feedback. So, we did see commercial loans stabilize and actually even pick up a bit at the end of the fourth quarter. You're right on an end of period loan kind of flattish through the year. Just remember, underneath that, $3 billion of consumer loan runoff and about a 2% to 4% increase in the commercial loan portfolio. So, I think relative to others, that's fairly consistent on the commercial loan side. And again, Chris will touch on this, I'm sure, the pipelines continue to be very robust and it's really just a question of pull through at this point.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Thanks for the question, John. So, it's interesting. We're out talking to our clients all the time. Most recently, we did a survey of about 700 of our middle market clients, 80% of them said that they were very confident in their growth prospects. So that's all good. What we haven't seen yet is people really making investments in property, plant and equipment. And I think they're on the front edge of that right now. As you know, there's about an 18-month lag when you make investments like that. And I think people wanted to see what the tax policy was going to be, which administration was going where -- which administration was going to be in power and what their policies were going to be. The other thing that I think gives us some opportunity for loan growth is utilization has been, in my mind, artificially flat at about 31%. Our typical utilization would be 35%, 36%. Every percent of utilization is worth about $700 million of outstandings for us. My personal view is that the economy is actually starting to accelerate a bit. My personal view is also that inflation isn't necessarily under complete control yet. It's also apparent that if we do have tariff policy, there'll be people kind of buying ahead on that from an inventory perspective. I'll give you a couple other data points. Our M&A backlog right now is about as large as it's ever been, and there's still a whole bunch of capital on the sidelines. So, for all those reasons, we think we will see loan growth. You know, John, that here at Key, we've outgrown the H.8 data on commercial loans. Every year with the notable exception of '23 where we were actually shrinking our RWAs. So the opportunity isn't there yet, but the fact that we have more clients than ever and we're having more discussion with more clients than ever, I'm confident that when it's there to be had, we'll get it.
John Pancari: Thanks, Chris. Appreciate the detail.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning.
Chris Gorman: Hey, Ebrahim. Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning. I just wanted to follow up, Chris, I think regarding this -- as we think about pickup in M&A, we are seeing some large transactions being announced despite whatever the policy uncertainty is still prevailing. Given kind of you look at both these businesses and understand them extremely well, give us any historical correlation where you should think about, can M&A pick up without a pickup in lending demand, customers taking on more leverage, understanding that it may or may not come on bank balance sheets go towards capital markets. But I'm just wondering if we get a pickup in M&A when we hear your statement around the pipelines being as strong as they've ever been, should that imply that if M&A picks up, loan demand has to pick up?
Chris Gorman: It does, Ebrahim, to some degree. And obviously, there's a lot of stock for stock deals. No question about that. But keep in mind, what a huge force the private equity market is and how delayed they are in actually participating with $1 trillion on the sideline. Yes, there'll be less leverage, but there will still be leverage. And so there's no question that a robust M&A market is good for lending because usually, there's large deals and out of those large deals on smaller deals and so it's very good for the lending ecosystem to have a robust M&A environment.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And maybe one for you, Clark. Sorry if I missed it, if you gave a specific guidance in terms of deposit growth. Give us a sense of what you're doing on the funding side on deposits? Is there still some remix that we should think about? And how should we think about just the average size of the balance sheet in terms of average earning assets relative to what you reported for fourth quarter? Thank you.
Clark Khayat: Sure. So, we continue, I think, do a very good job with customers on the deposit side, both balances and pricing. We'd expect as we go through the year for that to be stable to slightly up with continued client deposit growth. So, we'll continue to remix out of brokered where it makes sense, which we've been doing, as you know, now for several quarters. Some of that also will depend on where the loan book goes and just the overall size of the balance sheet. So again, continue to feel really good about our primacy focus and how that's translating to engagement with clients, balances and again, overall pricing on those deposits.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. If you don't mind clarifying just average earning assets, how we should think about that trending from here?
Clark Khayat: I'd expect it to be relatively flat throughout the year.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Clark Khayat: Yep.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, Bill.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning, Chris and Clark.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Carcache: Chris, you've talked in the past about an operating environment where you envision Key balance sheeting less risk and focusing more on generating fee income in your role as sort of a credit facilitator for your clients. Is that a fair characterization? And maybe if you could just update us on how you're thinking about the impact of a more pro-growth administration, just trying to think high level about how to think about the trajectory of your fee income mix over time given the investments that you're making in payments, wealth management, investment banking and over time, do those investments sort of affect that sort of, I guess, remixing?
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, first of all, thanks for the question, Bill. We're about 60% net interest income, 40% noninterest income. And I actually like that mix. What I want to make sure we do is grow both sides of that equation. There's no question though that depending on where we are in the cycle, you'll see us leaning in one direction or the other. Right now, with all these markets being sort of flashing green and wide open, we can do a better job of serving our good clients by actually raising capital elsewhere. When the markets get a little choppy is where I think you'll see us really serve our clients and our prospects by growing our balance sheet disproportionately. So the larger part of your question, I think as I travel around and talk to our customers and our clients, I think people are feeling really good about a new administration. I think people think that the regulatory environment is going to improve. Specifically, as it relates to our business, the regulatory environment around M&A, as you know, it's been very challenging to get deals approved, and I'm not speaking of the banking sector, I'm speaking of our M&A business. And I think that will -- I think there'll be a pretty significant unlock there. So I think people are optimistic on the regulatory front that we'll be able to not only do more, but do more in a way that's faster.
Bill Carcache: That's really helpful, Chris. Thank you. And if I may follow up, Clark, on your comments around being able to generate greater fee income growth to the extent your clients continue to take advantage of tight credit spreads and fund themselves via capital markets. Do you think we'll need to see -- I guess, to what extent do you think we'll need to see credit spreads widen before banks broadly and Key more specifically see a notable uptick in loan growth, given as you mentioned, we've been waiting for a long time sort of yet to manifest?
Clark Khayat: Yeah. So, look, one, maybe just one clarification there, which I know you know, but I think it's just worth stating. Our goal when we serve clients is to find the best landing spot for them, whether it's our balance sheet or the capital markets. When the capital markets get moving like they were in the fourth quarter, where we only put 12% of that capital we raised on the balance sheet, we'll put them into the capital markets, and we're happy to continue to serve them. I think importantly, and this is why you hear us talk about so much deposits and payments. we continue to get that business even if we're not getting the loan. The other thing I would say is, in my time here at Key, which is going on kind of 12, 13 years, the one thing, as Chris noted earlier, that I've seen us do consistently with the noted exception we already raised is to grow quality commercial loans when they're available. So if the bank market is out there, and it's the right thing for clients, I have confidence we will build the loan book. But if in the near term, the capital markets are the most advantageous place for clients, that's what our business model is, and that's what we'll continue to do.
Chris Gorman: And Bill, the only thing I would add, where banks, I believe, always will have an advantage, whether it's the private capital markets or the public debt markets is banks are a lot more flexible. And when things get choppy and when spreads start to blow out and structures change, that's when I think clients and prospects really go to their banks. And I think that's when we, as an industry, have an opportunity to really serve our customers.
Bill Carcache: Thanks, Chris and Clark. Very helpful. Appreciate you taking my questions.
Clark Khayat: Yep.
Operator: Our next question comes from Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning. Can you talk about your ability and -- can you talk about your ability and willingness to do more securities repositioning here? Given that CET1, including AOCI, is close to 10%, you're not -- you're going to be accreting more capital from here. AOCI impacts are coming down, loan growth is going to be flat. Why not do more on the securities repositioning front?
Chris Gorman: Hi, it's Chris. So we're constantly looking at what's out there in the marketplace and what we can do around the edges. And we've done a bunch of those things, and we'll probably continue to look at those. But in terms of major securities repositioning, you're not going to see us do something of the order of magnitude that we did either in the third quarter or the fourth quarter.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Is there a CET1 ratio, including AOCI, that you're targeting that you don't want to go below?
Chris Gorman: There's not -- not yet. And the reason I say that is, as you know, the capital rules are not finalized, Obviously, we have a lot of capital right now, and we'll be constantly looking at what we think the optimal level of capital is. But we'll come out with new targets after the rules -- the capital rules are finalized.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And maybe if I can just follow up on the securities question. I think you mentioned about 50% of long-dated securities are currently yielding. Well, you've already sold about 50% of long-dated securities yielding less than 2%. Is there a large chunk of that remaining 50% that matures in more than two years from here?
Clark Khayat: Yeah, I don't have the exact percentage in front of me, but there is some component of that, that is going to still take some time to work through.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Thank you.
Clark Khayat: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Matthew, please go ahead.
Matthew O’Connor: Good morning. First, just a quick clarification. Clark, I think I heard you mention the NIM could reach 2.8% in the fourth quarter if loan growth tracks what you're expecting. But I think you had [put 2.7%] (ph) in the deck. Maybe I misheard, but just clarify that. Thanks.
Clark Khayat: Yeah. Clarification is, I said -- I believe I said or intended to say we'll approach the 2.8%, which is consistent with the 2.7% plus. I think if we get more loan growth than planned, we have the opportunity, obviously, to get closer.
Matthew O’Connor: Okay. That's helpful. And then just separately, kind of bigger picture. I know a lot of focus on the capital and the loan growth. But just conceptually, Key went from a bank that didn't have as much capital as you wanted, had the RWA diet, had to pull back on lending and that impacted some of your fee categories. Like, how do you get the company kind of more front-footed like, hey, we've got all this capital. We've got more than peers. Let's kind of restart some of these relationships that maybe have been on pause. How do you just mobilize the people internally? How do you communicate that to customers now that you're so strongly positioned in such a competitive environment? Thanks.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Matt. So that process is well underway. As you know, even when we were going through our shrinking of RWAs, we were investing heavily in the business, investing heavily in front-end people, focusing on what we called our asset-light businesses, which were deposits and payments, our wealth business and our investment banking business. The RWAs that we were able to shed some of them actually was just recategorization. So those didn't impact anyone. And the other RWA that we were able to free up actually were non-relationship clients. So, we've been out there for some time, sending the message to the troops. They're out there aggressively in the market. We hired a team in Chicago. We hired a team in Southern California. They're off and running. So, it's a great question, and it's one I've obviously been very focused on because when you make changes like that, you've got to make sure that you communicate them. And we've spent a ton of time out in the field, making sure our team is engaged and out there doing what we're capable of.
Matthew O’Connor: Okay. And then just when you put that all together, how do you think about your commercial loan growth versus the H.8? Obviously, it could fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. But as you think out over the next four, six, eight quarters, how would you peg your growth to H.8, best guess?
Chris Gorman: Sure. Over the many years, and you know this, Matt, because you've been following us for all these years, we've been -- on commercial loan growth, we've been an outperformer to the H.8. I think every single year with the notable exception of 2023, which was specifically a focus on shrinking the RWAs, we expect our team to outperform the H.8 from a commercial loan perspective, and that's what we talk to them about.
Matthew O’Connor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Chris Gorman: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Mike, please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi, I think I ask this every call. I mean, I get the Fed -- you guys don't care if it's your -- you serve your clients through capital market or through lending, whatever the client wants is what you'll do. And so maybe if NII does a little bit worse and capital markets do better, you're just completely fine with that. Is that a fair statement?
Chris Gorman: Yeah, Mike, you're spot on. I mean, our -- we feel really fortunate that we have a platform that we can serve our clients wherever they can be best served and we feel really strongly that that's what we do.
Mike Mayo: So, what percent of your middle market client base has access to capital market? And how much do you think that impacts your loan growth?
Chris Gorman: I don't have that number off the top of my head, but our middle -- I talked about the 700 middle market customers that we surveyed. I can tell you that they are all called on by our capital markets people because they're all in our industry verticals. The number of middle market companies that actually access the capital markets is probably a number that's closer, in any given year, it's probably closer to 20% to 25%.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And if you only had one rate cut instead of two, your guide for up 20% in NII would go to what roughly?
Clark Khayat: Yeah, it's not going to move a ton, Mike, because that second cut was in December. So that's not going to carry a huge impact to the full year.
Mike Mayo: And, Clark, just correct me if I'm wrong, I think on this call, you said about 20% higher for 2025 for NII, and I think your guide was 20% with the plus sign. Did I see that wrong? And it just -- and I know there's a lot of attention on one line item and the one line item might be a little bit weaker and investment banking might be a lot stronger, but just to clarify that.
Clark Khayat: Yeah. So, lots of confidence in 20% above full year '24. But plus, I think maybe, Mike, you might be confusing came in, we think 10% plus fourth quarter to fourth quarter. So we'd expect 2025 Q4 NII to be in excess of 10% higher than 2024 fourth quarter.
Mike Mayo: Great. And then separately, Chris, the Board on December 30th, the compensation committee granted a special performance award to the named executive officers to increase stock ownership, help retention and help you drive value from Scotiabank. And I'm just wondering, right now when the Board besides this, considers you valuable, I mean you're the third bank in a series of a few months along with Goldman Sachs, just last week or so and then Truist a few months ago, doing the -- what I call the double bonus, maybe that there's another name for that. I just wonder why -- what is this competition? What does the Board see in terms of competition and the need for Key to retain the talent? What's happening there? Thanks.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So first of all, just to state the obvious, obviously, I have zero impact on any of my compensation. That's exclusively handled by our C&O committee made up of independent directors in consultation with the rest of the independent directors. So, I would refer you to the 8-K, but what that was mentioned in the 8-K, which I think is important is this notion of retention, and you touched on it. And I think the Board recognizes that we Key have worked really hard to put ourselves in a position where we've got a great runway in front of us, '25, '26 we talked about it throughout this call. And I think the Board wanted to make sure that the team was on the field, so to speak. Having said that, as you know, our proxy will come out in the not-too-distant future. And I'd be happy to have our team walk you through it when it comes out. Thanks for the question.
Mike Mayo: That’d be great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Erika Najarian with UBS. Erika, please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Thank you. First question is just a clarification question. What, Clark, deposit beta are you assuming in that up 20% NII guide?
Clark Khayat: Yeah. So, hey, Erika, nice to hear from you. We finished the year, fourth quarter, 40% beta, got closer to 45% at the end of the quarter, and we would expect to see mid-40s to high 40s throughout the year. So, approaching a 50% beta as we go through the year.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And the next question is for Chris. And I guess I'm just going to take a step back. I feel like now you have a 12% CET1, maybe I feel like the questions are a little misdirected. I feel like a larger company won't give you capital just for you guys to fix balance sheet decisions that were made in the past by a previous management team and buy back stock, right? And so the environment is what it is, and the consumer book is doing what it's doing. But I guess I'm just wondering, is there an appetite for more aggressively adding talent? I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about adding wealth managers. But given that you have all this capital and given that there's so much on your balance sheet, that's a natural cure to your net interest income, I'm wondering if there's an appetite, again, I'm not going to ask you the deal question, but if there's an appetite to be more aggressive at adding commercial bankers and using this capital for really like forward thinking on growth?
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, first of all, thank you for the question. And I'm really proud of the fact that we invested all the way through sort of the turbulence of '22 and '23. But we are going to absolutely, Erika, continue to invest. I mentioned in my opening remarks, we had hired many, many wealth advisors during that period of time. We're going to continue to grow that business. That's one of our businesses. I also mentioned we're going to grow our investment banking platform by 10%. We also have invested heavily in our technology platform. I mentioned the migration to the cloud, we basically -- every year, we've replaced two core systems to the point now where we only have a couple. So yes, we will continue to invest in the business. We'll continue to hire groups of people. We'll also continue to look at what I call bolt-on acquisitions. When you're basically set up by industry vertical, it gives you opportunities to really focus on adjacencies to those verticals, and you'll see us work on that as well. Does that answer your question?
Erika Najarian: It does. Thank you so much.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, Erika.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Foran with Truist. Brian, please go ahead.
Brian Foran: Hey, just a quick one -- a couple of quick ones. When you kind of talked about 2.7%, maybe even 2.8% on NIM, can you just remind us where you see that in terms of a longer-term normalized range? Is that at the bottom of the range or -- I think in the past, you've talked about up to 3% or I forget the exact wording, but as we think about '26 and '27, what we do deem as a kind of normalized NIM range?
Clark Khayat: Yeah. Good question. Look, I think as we get into '26 and beyond, there's no reason why we wouldn't be at 3% or maybe even better as the balance sheet continues to turn over a little bit.
Brian Foran: 3% or better even in '26?
Clark Khayat: Yeah, I think we’ll -- yeah, we should get to something 3% or better at some time in '26. I'm not sure exactly when during that time. But obviously, it depends on where the market goes, shape of the yield curve and other macro factors. But all other things equal, I think as we progress through '25 and get into '26, we should see hitting 3% NIM at some point in that time frame.
Brian Foran: Okay and then just as we model out loan growth, is the runoff of consumer over in '25 or should we think about some more in '26 and beyond?
Clark Khayat: Yeah. I mean, look, the vast portion of that consumer book is first lien mortgage. There's some student lending in there. It's all rate sensitive. So as rates come down, you can see that refinance. At that point, we'll continue to support clients in refinancing them. But you'd continue to see that, I think, come off structurally in the near term. Now I do think over time, consumer lending is an important element to the balance sheet. We're not at the moment leaning into that, but I would expect that we will do so over time, whether it's other products like personal lending or things like that. But we're continuing to focus on relationship lending particularly in that space, there’s just a not a lot of that happening at the moment.
Brian Foran: Okay. Thank you so much.
Clark Khayat: Sure.
Operator: Next question comes from Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Thomas Leddy: Hi, good morning, everyone. This is Thomas Leddy standing in for Gerard. Key had a reserve release in '24 and 2025 guidance for NCOs just 40 to 45 bps or relatively flat from current levels. With this in mind, should we expect to see further releasing in 2025?
Clark Khayat: Hey, Thomas, it’s Clark. Yeah look, I think we expect this to be the peak on some of the credit metrics we'd expect, again, given a constructive macro economy to see improvement throughout the year. I don't think I'd expect to see massive reserve releases. But I think as we go through the year, you could certainly see kind of plus or minus some things based on, again, how the portfolio shapes out. But everything we're looking at now makes us feel like the book is stable to improving throughout '25.
Thomas Leddy: Okay. That's helpful. And then just quickly on C&I loans. It looks like period-end loans ended this quarter a little bit higher than last. Can you give us some color on what you're seeing in the C&I book?
Clark Khayat: Yeah. As I said, we did see a little bit of stabilization and a slight pickup through the end of the year. I mean, the tough part, Thomas, is we are seeing great pipelines. We are having great conversations with clients. That has been true now for a couple of quarters. So, we just need to see that activity hit. And as Chris mentioned, we continue to see things like utilization sort of sit at relatively historic low levels. So, everything we're hearing and seeing would tell us to expect it to grow, but until it really starts to happen consistently, it's hard to call.
Thomas Leddy: Understood. Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And thank you for taking my questions.
Clark Khayat: Yep.
Operator: Those are all the questions we have for today. So, I'll turn the call back to CEO, Chris Gorman, for closing remarks.
Chris Gorman: Well, thank you, Emily, and thank you all for participating in our conference call. If anyone has any follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to our IR team. Thank you so much. Have a good day all. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our call, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you, everyone for standing by. Welcome to the 2024 Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Mauney, KeyCorp Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Mauney: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank you for joining KeyCorp's third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. I'm here with Chris Gorman, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Clark Khayat, our Chief Financial Officer. As usual, we will reference our earnings presentation slides, which can be found on the Investor Relations section of the key.com website. In the back of the presentation, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosures and certain financial measures, including non-GAAP measures. This covers our earnings materials as well as remarks made on this morning's call. Actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements, and those statements speak only as of today, October 17, 2024 and will not be updated. With that, I will turn it over to Chris.
Christopher Gorman: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 2. Before I hand it over to Clark to review our financial results, I want to provide my perspective on a quarter that represented significant progress for Key as we position ourselves for the future. First, we received the initial $821 million, a little less than one-third of the anticipated minority investment from Scotiabank at the end of August. We used approximately $700 million of the proceeds to reposition our securities portfolio. In retrospect, this trade was fortuitously timed. Long-dated securities were sold near recent bond market highs in mid-September, which enabled us to sell over $7 billion of market value securities out of a total available-for-sale portfolio of $37 billion. At this point, we have fully invested the proceeds at better-than-anticipated yields. In more liquid, less capital-intensive, shorter-duration agency, CMBS. We anticipate these actions will add over $40 million to quarterly net interest income in the fourth quarter. As for the remainder of the $2.8 billion Scotiabank minority investment, we are now through the public comment period and we continue to expect to receive regulatory approval by the first quarter of 2025. Secondly, we saw the long anticipated step up in our net interest income this quarter, up 7% quarter-over-quarter. This reflected a combination of a more meaningful amount of low yielding short-term swaps and treasuries maturing as well as proactive management of our funding costs. We also continued to grow our client deposits, up 4% year-over-year and 2% sequentially. We achieved this NII growth despite some near-term impact as a result of the Fed's 50 basis point rate cut in mid-September. We mitigated a portion of the cut through a very proactive and disciplined deposit repricing plan, which is a testament to the preparedness of our consumer and commercial deposit teams. As a result, our beta in the initial Fed cut is anticipated to be higher than we had previously modeled and communicated. Thirdly, we continue to see strong momentum across our most important fee based organic growth initiatives. Investment banking and debt placement fees were very strong at $171 million, one of the best third quarters in our history. Activity was broad based with volumes particularly robust across loan syndications as well as debt and equity originations. Pipelines remain at historically elevated levels despite the third quarter pull through. Pipelines are stable compared to the June 30 levels and up meaningfully compared to year end and year ago levels. M&A backlogs, which we have said in the past have a 2 times to 3 times multiplier effect were near record levels and up 10% compared to the prior quarter. At this point, I am confident we will hit the high end of our full-year target for investment banking fees of $600 million to $650 million, with an opportunity to exceed the high end if our pipelines pull through prior to year-end. Again, assuming markets remain hospitable. In commercial payments, leveraging our focus on primacy, commercial deposits were up 5% year-over-year and 2% sequentially. As a reminder, 93% of these balances are tied to an operating account. Underlying core treasury service activities remain strong, growing in the low-double-digits. We believe we are well positioned in this area to benefit as rates continue to decline. Our third-party commercial mortgage servicing business posted a record quarter due to a small portfolio acquisition over the summer. Additionally, active special servicing balances reached a record $7.5 billion. As a reminder, this is a countercyclical OFF-US business that also provides us with unique insights into the commercial real estate market. We are currently seeing high rates of transfers into special servicing concentrated on OFF-US and to a lesser extent multifamily, even as we have also seen resolutions accelerate as we move through the year. In wealth, assets under management reached an all-time high of $61 billion, up 16% from the prior year. Sales production was a record this quarter and we are on track for a record year. While the entire wealth business is performing well, we continue to see particularly strong traction in our mass affluent segment. This quarter, we enrolled an additional 5,000 households and added $620 million of assets to the platform. In only 18 months, we have added over 36,000 households and about $3.6 billion of new household assets to Key. As a reminder, over 1 million of Key's retail households have investable assets of over $250,000 and only about 10% have an existing investment relationship with us. So there remains a significant opportunity to continue to grow in the mass affluent segment. Lastly, with respect to credit, we continue to demonstrate a conservative derisked credit profile. Nonperforming assets and loans as well as provision for credit losses were essentially flat. Net charge-offs as expected were up and reflected a few specific C&I credits that were known and had been mostly reserved against. Importantly, criticized loans declined by $132 million. We also saw a marked improvement in our net credit upgrades to downgrades trends, which while still slightly negative moved back to our trailing 13-quarter average. We believe that NPLs are peaking and criticized loans will continue to decline from current levels. In summary, I am proud of the significant progress we made as a company this quarter. We announced the strategic minority investment from Scotiabank closing on the initial one-third tranche a few weeks later. We deployed most of that successfully completing one-half of our anticipated securities portfolio restructuring. At the same time, we continue to drive broad based momentum across the franchise, grew our pipelines, delivered the first meaningful leg of the uplift in net interest income that we've been communicating over the past year and took proactive actions across the deposit books to prepare ourselves for the rate cuts, all while continuing to demonstrate a strong credit risk profile. As a result, despite the onetime impact of the restructuring, we improved our CET1 ratio this quarter by another 35 basis points to 10.8%. With that, I'll turn it over to Clark to provide more details on our financial results.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I'm now on Slide 4. In the third quarter, we reported earnings per share of negative $0.47, including $0.77 impact from the previously disclosed securities portfolio repositioning. Excluding the repositioning, EPS was $0.30 per share. As Chris mentioned, in mid-September, we sold roughly $7 billion market value of mostly long dated CMOs and CMBS, which had a weighted average yield of about 2.3% and an average duration of almost six years. And at this point, we have reinvested all of the proceeds, mostly in October when we saw term rates rise by 30 basis points to 40 basis points. As a result, we will see roughly 260 basis point yield pickup on approximately $7 billion of securities starting in the fourth quarter. The new securities will also provide liquidity and capital benefits relative to what was previously owned. As a reminder, we currently contemplate doing a similar magnitude repositioning upon receiving the second tranche of the Scotiabank investment, assuming we get Fed approval. Reported revenue was down approximately 55% sequentially and from the prior year, but excluding the securities repositioning, revenue was up 6% sequentially and up 3% year-over-year with growth across both net interest income and fees. Expenses remained well controlled, down 1% compared to the prior year, a little better than we previously expected. This implies about 400 basis points of positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis, excluding the securities portfolio repositioning. Credit costs were essentially flat to the second quarter and included a $60 million release of our allowance for credit losses, reflecting primarily three charged-off credits that had specific reserve allocations held against them as well as lower loan balances. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio increased to 10.8% and tangible book value increased nearly 16% sequentially. Moving to the balance sheet on Slide 5. Average loans declined 2.5% sequentially to $106 billion and ended the quarter just above $105 billion. The decline reflects continued tepid client demand, flat utilization rates, our disciplined approach as to what we're willing to put on the balance sheet and the intentional runoff of low yielding consumer loans as they pay down and mature. Additionally, we built the business to be able to serve clients with on and off balance sheet solutions, whichever works best for them. This quarter, we raised $28 billion of capital for our clients. And as Chris mentioned, we had a very strong quarter of investment banking fees. At the end of the third quarter, we warehoused approximately $600 million of loans for commercial clients that you can see in loans held for sale. Additionally, throughout the quarter, we refinanced about $300 million of CRE loans off our balance sheet into permanent mortgages through our capital markets group. We continue to have active dialog with clients and prospects and our loan pipelines continue to build. On Slide 6, average deposits increased 2.5% sequentially to nearly $148 billion, reflecting growth across consumer and commercial deposits. Client deposits were up about 4% year-over-year as we managed broker deposits down by roughly $2.2 billion from year ago levels. Reported noninterest-bearing deposits declined 1% to 19% of total deposits and when adjusted for noninterest-bearing deposits in our hybrid accounts, this percentage remained flat linked quarter at 24%. Both total and interest-bearing deposit costs increased by 11 basis points during the quarter. 7 basis points of the increase reflected reduction of roughly $4.5 billion of FHLB funding yielding almost 5.6% that was replaced with lower cost client deposits. Our overall interest-bearing costs increased just 1 basis point this quarter. As Chris mentioned, we've been proactive across our deposit book in preparation for the Fed easing cycle that we all anticipated would begin last month. Ahead of the cut, we shortened CD tenors and took promo rates down. And on the commercial side, we moved significant amount of deposits into indexed accounts. Following the cut, we took rates down further across both front and back book in consumer. In commercial, we effectively passed along a majority of the cut to clients. Our deposit beta on the first rate cut is expected to be low to mid-30s, which would benefit our fourth quarter net interest income. Moving to net interest income and the margin on Slide 7. Tax equivalent net interest income was $964 million, up 7% or $65 million and the net interest margin increased 13 basis points from the prior quarter. Our well communicated net interest income opportunity is now providing more benefit as a greater portion of low yielding short-term swaps in treasuries mature. Scotiabank investment and our mid-September securities portfolio reposition added roughly $12 million and about 2 basis points to third quarter NII and NIM respectively. Turning to Slide 8, reported noninterest income was negative $269 million and included a $918 million loss related to the securities repositioning as well as a $14 million Visa related charge. Adjusting for those items, noninterest income was up 3% year-over-year. Investment banking and debt placement fees increased over 20% from the prior year and 36% from the prior quarter, reflecting a strong quarter for syndication debt and equity underwriting fees. Commercial mortgage servicing had a record quarter, reflecting higher active special servicing balances and growth in the overall portfolio. At September 30, we serviced about $690 billion of assets on behalf of third-party clients, including about $230 billion of special servicing, $7.5 billion of which was in active special servicing. Given lumpiness of some of these fees and as interest rates come down, we would expect fourth quarter commercial mortgage servicing fees to look more like the second quarter. Trust and investment services fees grew 8% year-over-year as assets under management grew to a record level of $61 billion. On Slide 9, second quarter noninterest expenses were $1.09 billion, up 1% quarter-over-quarter and down 1% year-over-year. On a year-over-year basis, higher personnel costs were more than offset by lower fraud losses, marketing expenses and a modest reduction in the estimated FDIC special assessment charge. Sequentially, the increase was driven by higher incentive compensation from stronger investment banking fees. Moving to Slide 10, credit quality remained solid. Net charge-offs were $154 million or 58 basis points of average loans and 90-day delinquencies ticked up a few basis points. Net charge-offs were elevated due to three credits, two consumer goods companies and one equipment manufacturer that were largely reserved for. Nonperforming loans and assets were essentially stable, up 2.5% and 2% respectively compared to the prior quarter. NPAs as a percentage of loans remain low at 70 basis points. Criticized loans declined by 2% in third quarter, reflecting lower rates and increased loan modifications with credit enhancements. We believe NPAs are peaking and criticized loans will continue to decline from here, assuming no material macro deterioration. Turning to Slide 11. We continue to build our capital position with the CET1 ratio up 35 basis points to 10.8% as of September 30. Our marked CET1 ratio, which includes unrealized AFS and pension losses improved nearly 130 basis points to 8.6%. Our AOCI improved by about $1.9 billion to negative $3.3 billion at quarter end, reflecting lower interest rates and the securities reposition in mid-September. We expect AOCI to further improve by about one-third by year end 2025 and about 40% by year end 2026, with approximately half of that improvement reflecting a second contemplated securities portfolio repositioning once the full investment from Scotiabank closes. Slide 12 provides our outlook for full-year 2024 relative to 2023. We currently expect net interest income to fall in the middle of the full-year guidance range of down 2% to 5%, albeit with about 150 basis points of positive impact from the Scotiabank investment and the securities portfolio restructuring this past month. Net interest margin should come in around 2.4% for the fourth quarter. We are tweaking our year end loan forecast by 1% to down 5% to 6%. We are also positively revising our average deposit guidance to up 1.2% to 2%, including expectations for client deposits to grow by 3% to 4%. We now expect fees, excluding this past quarter's securities portfolio restructuring to grow 6% or better this year, depending on how the capital markets environment plays out in the fourth quarter. Given the strong fee momentum and our higher stock price, we expect expenses to be up approximately 2% this year. This also includes the funding of our charitable foundation. As we previously communicated, we expect the full-year net charge-off ratio to be closer to the high end of the 30 basis point to 40 basis point range given lower loan balances than we had expected coming into the year. For the full-year, we expect provision for credit losses to come in around $400 million, which is unchanged from what we'd expected back in January. Moving to Slide 13. The last time we are updating the net interest income opportunity from swaps and short dated treasuries maturing as we sold the remaining roughly $3 billion of treasuries yielding 50 basis points that were to mature in the fourth quarter at the end of September, meaning we now expect the final chunk of benefit from this opportunity to come in the fourth quarter. The cumulative annualized opportunity ended up being about $830 million, of which 80% has been achieved to date. Finally, on Slide 14, we've laid out for you the path of how we intend to get from the $964 million of reported net interest income in the third quarter to the fourth quarter exit rate that we had targeted at the beginning of the year. Regardless of whether the Fed cuts 50 basis points or 75 basis points in the fourth quarter, we believe fourth quarter NII will be at least 10% higher year-over-year, which equates to $1.20 million or better in the fourth quarter. We expect about $40 million of incremental benefit from the September portfolio restructuring and initial tranche investment from Scotiabank. We expect another $50 million or so of benefit from fixed rate asset repricing, including from the accelerated sale of short-term treasuries I just described. We also think we can drive a modest amount of commercial loan growth and some further funding optimization, offset by some short-term impact from the expected Fed rate cuts. While fewer cuts would be better for fourth quarter NII, that is largely a timing impact. Keep in mind that we would expect to capture more benefit of any rate cut over the ensuing 6 to 12 months. And rate cuts would likely provide benefits to other parts of our business, such as higher client transaction activity, more demand for credit and improvements to capital. With that, I will now turn the call back to the operator who will provide instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And one moment please for your first question. Your first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question.
Christopher Gorman: Good morning. Hi, Scott.
Scott Siefers: I think you might have touched on this. Hi. You might have touched on this a bit towards the end of your remarks, but there's been so much movement in your balance sheet over the last 90 days, not only the new capital and the repositioning, but now it looks like the funding profile is starting to look a little different with the improved deposit outlook as well. Maybe just some thoughts on the updated rate sensitivity of the company as a whole? And as you look at things, what would be sort of best and worst that you would like just in terms of what happens with the rate path?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Hi, good morning, Scott. Thank you. So look, we've been moving towards rate sensitivity. That's obviously often viewed over kind of a 12-month period. So the -- as all of us in the industry have talked about, the early cuts take a little bit of time to work their way through. Particularly on the deposit side, as we noted, we took a little bit more deposit action than we had previously planned, betas kind of low-30s or so, which we were very happy with. And we think over the course of 2025, we'll be able to get back to more standard beta paths over time. I think on the overall rate profile, look, I think the best version of the world is the one we appear to be headed in if a soft landing is coming, which is a steepening curve right now. We got some rally in the term rates. So nearing again 4%. We all think the front end is coming down. So something that's flat to upward sloping, I think is the best profile for all of us. But on the flip side, I think we took some actions, as you noted, in getting out of higher cost wholesale funding, we funded that with deposits at a lower cost. We feel really good about that deposit base and the customer profile. We feel good about our ability to price that over time. And given that the swaps positions are coming off, we feel better just about our overall rate sensitivity. The other point I'd make is, we had a little bit of concern on the repositioning early just given the amount of cash we thought we'd be holding for potentially an extended period of time. Obviously, that cash is pretty asset sensitive. So as those rates come down, that impacts us. And we were able to get all of that into the market in the last few weeks when rate -- those term rates did rally and we did it at better-than-expected value. So that's obviously going to help our rate sensitivity position going forward and we put that -- those proceeds in kind of 490, 495 range in a duration that's just under four years. So we felt very good about that repositioning. And that will -- again, that will aid us going forward.
Scott Siefers: Yes. Perfect. All right. Thank you for that color. And then sort of related one. I think last month, you all had discussed an NII improvement next year in kind of the 20% plus range. I think that was before you were fully invested because if I'm recalling the timing correctly, that was when you had just announced the repositioning. So the actual investment, probably a little better than you thought, which presumably should be helpful. But I guess the rest of the question is just -- we still thinking 20% plus NII improvement next year. And maybe just if you could expand a little on the sort of the main puts and takes to get there in your mind?
Christopher Gorman: Sure. So I'm going to start with a couple of qualifiers because I feel like that's necessary. The first being a constructive macro environment kind of soft landing as folks expect. So that's point one. Point two is, we're in the middle of planning for next year. So we'll give our full guidance here in January. But on the 20%, I'd say roughly half of that we think comes from the incremental impact of the repositioning. So assuming and this would be the other qualifier, assuming the second leg of this gets approved and we can do the repositioning early in '25, so we can get the full-year impact of that. We think about half of that lift comes from the complete repositioning at completion. So that's part of it. The other components would be continued fixed price -- fixed asset price -- repricing through the course of the year, and that's a combination of some swaps, not the ones we've been talking about, but some additional swaps still at rates kind of below 2%. We've got a consumer book that's running down at rates like 3% and then we've got some other fixed rate securities that are a little bit higher that won't be as valuable as they would have been previously with rates coming down. But we do have some continued opportunity there. And then the last piece, the last two pieces, and I'll finish with the most important one, we do have at this point and again subject to change as we get through our planning process, relatively a view on relative stability of loans through 2025, but recall that, that is a mixing of consumer coming down and being replaced with commercial. So we will need some commercial growth, not herculean efforts, but something. Our pipelines would tell us that should be coming, but in fairness, it's been telling us that for a quarter or two. So we'll see how that transpires. And then the most important piece is just continued ability to manage betas. We've talked a lot about how the commercial book is positioned. We've actually improved that throughout the year, getting more deposits into indexed. We think the use of our hybrid accounts and the treasury -- core treasury services that are covered by deposits there will be a benefit as well. And we've taken some action in the consumer book that would give us confidence that we can get betas to the right level throughout the course of 2025. So all those components kind of make up the other half of the 20. And at this point, we feel good that that's achievable, but we owe you a more detailed explanation when we come back-in January.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. All right, good. Thank you very much, Clark.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yup.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi.
Christopher Gorman: Hi, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Chris, you talked about M&A backlogs are up 10% quarter-over-quarter and what's the change now? Why -- we've seen this at the big players. And also, we've heard there's a little debate on is the capital markets activity taking away from loan growth or is -- are they separate? Are you seeing some disintermediation from lending to capital markets as it relates to KeyCorp? Thanks.
Christopher Gorman: Sure. Thanks for your question. I think the fundamental difference is the private equity universe is really starting to transact. I think they have a perspective, obviously, there is an inverse relationship between the whole period and the returns. And in addition to that with the 10 year, which is really what matters, sort of settling in somewhere around 4%, that is -- that's in an environment where I think the private equity world is very comfortable transacting. And as a consequence, I think you're really starting to see a pickup on the M&A side. And I think that will continue, by the way. With respect to the disintermediation, there's no question that it is. I mean, Mike, we raised $28 billion last quarter and we have a pretty good eye on this because we're distributing a lot of paper in a lot of places. And there's no question in my mind that some of the capital markets activity does in fact disintermediate the banks. And I think the private capital, private credit markets do as well. And of course, we distribute paper to all those places.
Clark H. I. Khayat: And the only thing I might add to that, Mike, just a couple of specific examples, and we touched on this, but about $0.5 billion of loans we put directly into our warehouse. They're on their way to the markets. And then another $300 million we refinance off the balance sheet into the market. So that's always been our model. And we'll continue to do what makes the most sense for clients. And I think you saw that this quarter in our strong investment banking fees.
Mike Mayo: And just a follow-up on the private equity comment. You said the private equity universe is starting to transact. I got the sense they're deploying some of the dry powder, but not necessarily monetizing the investments, but you get different stories depending on who you ask. How much of your business is driven by private equity? And how do you see the private equity factor playing out because you've never had this much dry powder in a cycle like this? Thanks.
Christopher Gorman: Sure. So I think broadly, the private equity universe represents about a third of all the fees that are paid in the investment banking arena. Our mix wouldn't be much different and your observation is good in that the private equity firms that are putting product out into the market, that's a process that takes 12 months or so as opposed to buying businesses that are available, which is relatively -- there's a shorter timeline on that. Thanks for your questions, Mike.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy from RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Chris. Hi, Clark.
Christopher Gorman: Hi, Gerard.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Hi, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Chris, you mentioned in your opening remarks about the special servicing. I was curious or perked my interest, you mentioned how there seems to be an accelerated resolution to the inflows that may have come in six months ago or three months ago. Can you give us any color on how that resolution is going? Is it big price discounts and then being refinanced or what are your guys seeing on the resolution side to move these properties out?
Christopher Gorman: So it's a combination of things, Gerard. If you go to the office market, frankly, there's just some capitulation because there has to be and things are starting to trade, albeit at a significant discount. Not a lot of new capital coming in, frankly to the office market. I can speak to that in greater depth in a moment. On the other hand, with respect to multifamily, and we've said before, most of the multifamily projects that are in special servicing are concentrated in the Southeast. Most of them frankly are not financed by banks. Most of them were done relatively recently with some very aggressive assumptions, i.e., trending rates, having sub-debt in them, et cetera. In those instances, we are able to attract new capital on a restructuring basis. So it's a little bit different for office vis-a-vis multifamily.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then you guys talked about the outlook for loans or what you're experiencing in loans and we're seeing from the H8 data that comes out on Fridays that it seems like commercial and industrial loans have hit a bottom and are starting to creep up a bit. Any sense that you might be seeing that soon as well? Or is it just some of your -- where you're physically located in your customers is still going to be flat for flat to down, I should say, over the near-term?
Christopher Gorman: So there's a few things going on. And first of all, we are without question growing clients. So there's no doubt that we're out there bringing on new clients. We have been obviously a bit frustrated by the lack of take up of our existing clients in terms of borrowing money. And I think what's going on, Gerard, is a few things. On the positive side, I mentioned to Mike, there is transactional finance happening. So that's a positive. On the negative side, you just have supply significantly exceeding demand. On the demand side, here's some of the things that we need to see before we get significant growth from our existing customers. One, there hasn't been a lot of investment in CapEx and that has typically a lead time of about 18 months based on all the uncertainties. The next thing is utilization. And this one is a complex one. Everyone basically went long on inventory during the pandemic because there was a lot of inflation and there were supply chain issues. Now people are getting back to really managing their working capital. And I assume, obviously, rising rates has something to do with that as well. So I think there's just been a fundamental adjustment there. So we do see it coming back. We see it coming back first on the transaction side. We'll see it next, I think, on our clients engaging in CapEx. And I think the last piece that will happen is to really get a kick in utilization because for all the reasons I just described, these companies are throwing off a fair amount of cash as they get sort of top line declines and all the other things in the mix. Does that answer your question, Gerard?
Gerard Cassidy: No, it does. It's good, Chris. Just one real quick. You guys in the past have always had a comment or two on student lending. Any changes here in rates coming down a bit on your student lending platform?
Christopher Gorman: Yes. So that is an upside for us as rates continue to come down. We basically had a negligible amount of originations in the last quarter in our student loan business. We think a decline of 100 basis points to 150 basis points will get that business back to ramping up. To state the obvious, every quarter, every semester, there's a bunch of new customers at different levels. But clearly with the hiking cycle, it's going to take a while to work through that.
Clark H. I. Khayat: And we're still peeling off the moratorium. So people are just getting used to paying their student loans again or maybe not yet used to paying their student loans again. So there's probably a little bit of transition and just seeing that sticker shock a little bit and then going out and figuring out if there's a better alternative.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari from Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Across the business, and so those are relatively good underlying drivers to get to the number you're talking about without being --
Christopher Gorman: Hi, John. [technical difficulty]
Unidentified Company Representative: So that's helpful. Thank you. And on the expense run rate, I think --
Christopher Gorman: Operator, can you move to the next.
Operator: Okay. Next we'll go to the line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nathan Stein: Hi, everyone. This is Nathan Stein on behalf of Matt O'Connor. So you talked about the rise in C&I net charge-offs this quarter, which were from the three credits that had been previously reserved for. I wanted to ask what industries were these loans in? And we saw the updated charge-off guidance for full-year '24, but are you expecting other similarly sized losses in the coming quarters?
Christopher Gorman: So Nathan, this is Chris. So specifically the three credits, two of them were in consumer products. One of them was in equipment manufacturing having nothing to do with consumer products. So those were the three credits. Each had their own idiosyncratic issues that I don't think you can get a huge read through on broad industries on those.
Nathan Stein: Okay, thank you. And then if I could just ask a question on the NIM. You flagged a 2.40 level in 4Q, just given all the moving pieces. I think in September, you guys had flagged a 3% NIM with just assuming a steeper yield curve down the road, not necessarily next year, but could you provide your updated thoughts on the long-term NIM just given the move in rates over the past few weeks and everything else going on at Key. Thanks.
Christopher Gorman: Well, Nathan, I think from a broad perspective, what we've said is and there's obviously a bunch of puts and takes in this. We've said that based on our business model, there's no reason by the end of 2025, we can't be in a range of 2.8% to 3%. And obviously, we're looking at different models every single day, but we still feel very comfortable with that.
Nathan Stein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Zach Westerlind from UBS. Please go ahead.
Zach Westerlind: Hi, good morning. This is Zach on for Erica. My question is just around deposit betas. We saw a decent uptick in the cost of interest-bearing deposits this quarter. Just kind of wanted to get your thoughts on how you're thinking about the trajectory for that deposit beta going forward?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes, sure. So maybe just get to the quarter movement first and then transition to beta. So up 11 basis points, interest-bearing deposit costs in the quarter. 7 basis points of that was an intentional move into higher cost deposits, but deposits that were lower cost than wholesale funding. So we paid off about $4.5 billion of FHLB advances at a higher rate and I think the more important number versus the 11 basis points on deposit costs is overall funding costs only up a basis point. So at the end of the day, what we're managing is the overall funding costs and obviously, deposits are a critical part of that. As it relates to betas, we had expected something in maybe low to mid-20s on the first cuts. We are expecting to be closer to low to mid-30s potentially. Some of that is we just leaned into different portfolios a little bit more aggressively than we thought we could because we felt comfortable that we understood the dynamics of those. The other piece is the 50 basis point cut in September gave us a little bit more room to take action. If that had been 25, I think you would have seen a lower beta on that first cut. So as we say pretty frequently, I think the not only absolute level of rates, but how much they're moving on any one cut tends to impact how much beta you can see as a reaction to that. So the 50 basis points on a net basis and creates a little bit more drag in 2024, but it also gave us the ability to take a little bit more aggressive action on deposit pricing.
Zach Westerlind: Helpful. Thank you. And just as a follow-up to that, on the noninterest-bearing deposit front, any color that you can share on that in terms of when you think that we'll reach a bottom there or pivot to growth? Any thoughts there would be helpful. Thanks.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. So maybe just a reminder there too. So our reported number shows down a tick around 19%. Recall that we used pretty actively a hybrid account for our commercial clients that has a fair bit of noninterest-bearing deposits in it. If you adjust for those, which we think is appropriate, you get pretty flat at 24% quarter-to-quarter. So I think in aggregate, it's starting to stabilize. We would expect with rate cuts that it's going to be stable. And if the rate cuts continue, we would expect it to potentially start to tick up. And some of that is frankly the way those hybrid accounts work. So over time, we were thinking this is at or near the bottom of that percentage.
Zach Westerlind: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manan Gosalia from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning.
Christopher Gorman: Good morning.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Hi, Manan.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, I apologize if this has already been covered. But can you talk about expenses for 2025? Just given that you have a lot more capital to work with now. I mean, growth should be accelerating next year. You have some investment spend to make, plus you have been pretty good with managing expenses over the past few years. So just given all of that, how should we think about expenses in 2025?
Christopher Gorman: Sure. Fair question. We're obviously going through the planning cycle now. But I've mentioned before and this won't change. We will be targeting kind of low to mid-single-digits for 2025. Our discipline around expenses won't change in spite of the fact that we're going to obviously have a significant amount of capital. You do see in the fourth quarter and we gave guidance on this that we're investing a little bit in the fourth quarter and that's really just some unique opportunities that we have to kind of advance the business in light of the tailwinds that we're picking up from both on the rundown of our swaps and treasuries and also the repositioning of the balance sheet that Clark walked everyone through.
Clark H. I. Khayat: So the -- maybe one additional point, just I think is embedded in Chris' comment, but I just want to make it explicitly, Manan, which is we would tell you not to annualize that Q4 number going into '25. I don't think that's appropriate. As Chris mentioned, we're leaning into higher fee growth. So we're going to see incentive comp go up a bit, stock price is a little bit higher. We've got some unique investment opportunities we're assessing in the fourth quarter that we're interested in taking to get a head start on '25. But I think the underlying point that Chris made is worth repeating, which is we don't see the benefit of higher earnings or the investment as a path to losing our expense discipline here.
Manan Gosalia: Perfect. And then I appreciate the comments on the near-term deposit betas. But wanted to get your thoughts on just longer-term as you think through the cycle, should deposit betas on the way down match deposit betas on the way up? Or given that loan growth will be stronger this time than it was when deposit -- when rates were going up, will deposit betas likely be a little bit slower through the cycle?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. Great. It's a great question with no simple answer because you hit a bunch of the moving parts. So subject to funding needs on the balance sheet that obviously drives the requirement to have deposit balances, which in effect then hit your pricing. What I would say maybe more broadly is, I think the absolute level of rates matter and the amount of movement in rates matter. So if we hit kind of peaked at mid-50s, 56%, I think, beta on the way up, I think that's more than probably you would have expected at the beginning of the cycle, but it's also a function of rates moving up over 500 basis points off of zero. So your relative starting point zero, you're moving up by 550 basis points. That's a huge move and you're getting obviously to that 5% level. I think on the way down, I would expect it to be somewhat parallel, but probably not getting to the mid-50s. Maybe it's a 50 number because you're not likely to get back to zero unless some exogenous event occurs. So if we hit some terminal rate path that's 2.5%, 3%, I think you're going to see beta deployed and beta deployed over time fairly aggressively, but I don't think you get to the same levels just because the magnitude of the change is 50% to 60% of the way up. And that -- then you have to account for the other element, which is loans and required balances for funding.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we'll go back to the line of Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Can you comment on the increase in NPLs a little bit more? Is that -- like how many credits is that? Is that a trend? Is that something that you guys are worried about? Was that unexpected? Thanks.
Christopher Gorman: Yes. Mike, it's Chris. We think that's sort of peaking. There's nothing in particular, it's kind of broad based. And as we said in our opening comments, we don't think it's material or reflect. I don't think there's any read through from that.
Mike Mayo: So next quarter, we shouldn't expect anything like that is what you're saying.
Christopher Gorman: Well, I think NPLs will be pretty flat as we go forward. I mean, that would be what I would assume for your models.
Clark H. I. Khayat: If you're talking NCOs, Mike, the three credits, then yes, we don't expect that to recur the benefit to the extent there is some there is that those were almost entirely reserved and that was a big portion of the release as well.
Mike Mayo: And then one last cleanup question. So you had already thought that NII would be 20% higher next year and then you sold $7 billion of the securities near high. So I assume you got a nice yield pickup. So better lucky than smarter, maybe it was -- maybe you have some great timing there. But so why wouldn't that 20% number or the increase in NII in 2025 versus 2024 go higher because of that fortuitous investing of those securities?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. So I'll take lucky or good either. But the -- just to remind you, Mike, the 20% that we shared contemplated the repositioning. So what we're talking about is marginal improvement on the reinvestment. We're really happy with where we did it and we took advantage of that pickup in rates, but that's relative to maybe it's a handful of basis points better, not that 20% wasn't -- had already contemplated the repositioning of that portfolio. So again, I think --
Christopher Gorman: Still in fact contemplates the second piece.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes, correct. So it is a marginal benefit, which we'll take, but it isn't the entire magnitude of that trade that is added on top of the 20.
Mike Mayo: Got it. Thank you.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning, and sorry about the technical problems earlier.
Christopher Gorman: Not a problem. Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. A couple of real quick questions. On the capital markets revenue side, I know you flagged some very solid pipelines in building pipelines there and your expectation to hit the high end of the 600 to 650 guide. Chris, I know when you've had this type of confidence in the past, you actually called out the likelihood of a -- of a record year the following year as well. I believe you did that last year. Could you maybe provide your thoughts on 2025 here and just given the progression you're seeing, maybe how we see that playing out in terms of your capital markets revs as you look at heading into '25.
Christopher Gorman: Yes. Fair question. So clearly sort of embedded in our guidance for 2024, if you kind of do the math is another step up in the fourth quarter, maybe $180 million or so, if you kind of just back into it. I feel good about the trajectory. I think if we continue to have this kind of an environment where rates are stabilizing and people are able to transact, I'm optimistic about 2025. We'll give more guidance on that, John, when we gather after the end of the year. But I think you should assume that a lot of these pipelines have pretty long tails. And so we should run -- we should go into 2025 with a fair amount of momentum.
John Pancari: That's helpful. Thanks, Chris. And just two more quick ones. On the loan growth front, I believe you mentioned relative stability as you look into 2025, given the trends you're seeing given consumer likely declining, but commercial increases. Are you able to give us a better idea of the piece of growth that you think is reasonable? And what type of growth more specifically on the commercial side do you think that can help offset consumer pressure?
Clark H. I. Khayat: So we'll provide a little bit more color there, but just maybe broadly think about consumer loans coming down $2 billion to $3 billion in a year just by natural kind of maturity and paydown. Now that could change based on rate levels and mortgage markets, but that's kind of a decent rule of thumb there. And as it relates to where we would see some pickup in commercial, I'll make a couple of comments and then Chris can add on to it. But in places where we have demonstrated strength and I think mostly of like affordable and renewables, which are tend to be project transactions, they tend to be construction in nature. So they build through time and then we perm them out in some form. Those I think are places where we're starting -- in affordable, we've been pretty consistent, but we're seeing pick up there. I think the opportunity to build that over time. And those loans do take time to materialize just because they are large projects. They do build from a draw standpoint before they're ready to be fully drawn and sold. So those are two places where I just continue to feel confident about our abilities and the market. But there's some broader based opportunities I think as well.
Christopher Gorman: Yes. The only thing I'd add, Clark, as I mentioned earlier, I think the transaction business will generate loans because that's picking up. It's sort of the wildcard that all of us are watching is what's going to happen with our existing client base in terms of really investing in CapEx and what's going to happen with utilization. And I think that's just a watch point for all of us.
John Pancari: Got it. Thanks, Chris. I do have one last one, sorry about that. On the loan loss reserve you did on a loans to -- on a reserve ratio basis, you did bleed the reserve modestly this quarter. Can you perhaps provide us a little bit of thoughts around the potential for incremental releases here as you see credit playing out given the economic outlook?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Look, so we view -- you're right, 3 basis points, I think, down on the ACL, so pretty stable. We've built it up quite significantly over the last several quarters. I think if you did a loan kind of portfolio by portfolio mix, it might dictate that we'd be -- we could even be lower. But right now, we're still looking at -- we're being cautious around migration and where some of the late cycle pieces of this are taking us. I think if rates continue to come down. And as Chris noted, the environment remains constructive that may give us some opportunity. But right now, we feel like stability is probably the right place.
Christopher Gorman: I mean, John, there's really three things that drive these. One is your view of the macro and you obviously have a perspective on that. The next is sort of idiosyncratic. And obviously, if we were aware of idiosyncratic things, we would be -- as we aggressively took on the three loans that we talked about today, we'd be moving on those. And the third element is the size of the book. So those are kind of the three elements. And so if you think about each of those three, obviously, it begs the question of where should the reserve be and we'll continue to evaluate it.
John Pancari: Great. Thanks, Chris. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Winter from D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Good morning. I wanted to follow-up.
Christopher Gorman: Hi. Peter.
Peter Winter: I wanted to follow-up on John's questions on the loans just for the fourth quarter. You didn't change the full-year guidance for the average, which would imply that there's going to be some decent growth in the fourth quarter. And I was just wondering if you could talk about maybe just what you're expecting for fourth quarter loan trends?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. So I mean, we took the ending point down a bit. I think that will take us to the overall kind of lower end of the average guide. Look, I think we're expecting some stability on the loan side at this point, not a huge amount of growth, I'd say some modest growth. But whether or not we get that, I don't think really impacts our view on NII in the quarter, we'd obviously like to start seeing some loan growth. So at this point, I'd say it's more stabilizing than it is really picking up.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then, Chris, if I could just ask one big picture question. Obviously, you're getting the second tranche of the investment from Scotia, the focus would be the securities restructuring along with organic growth. But just with -- now that you've built up your capital levels, just can I ask how you think about bank M&A going forward?
Christopher Gorman: Sure. So the premise of your question is right. So think about us raising $2.8 billion and we basically in the aggregate spend $1.4 billion on the restructuring, then we have an additional $1.5 billion. And on a pro forma basis, I think you'll see our CET1 at, say, 12% and you'll see our marked CET1 at, say, 10%. So clearly, we'll have dry powder that be able to -- if there's dislocation in the market, we'll be able to take advantage of that. We'll probably run with a little higher capital on just in the near-term until there's finalization of the Basel III endgame, the liquidity rules, the long-term debt. But I do believe, Peter, that there will be consolidation in our industry. There certainly hasn't been for all the reasons that you are well aware of. I think last year, there were three significant deals completed. My experience with consolidation is when it happens, it happens kind of in waves. And clearly, with this additional capital, I think we'd be well positioned if and when that were to happen. It's not something we're focused on now, however.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks for taking the questions.
Christopher Gorman: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Hi, guys, thank you for taking the follow-up. Clark, if possible, I wanted to just revisit the expense outlook, particularly in the fourth quarter. It seems to be generating a lot of traffic this morning. I know you said higher stock price will impact incentive comp. And then I think you said some kind of proactive investments as well. But at a point, I think I might have heard the foundation contribution as well. Are you able to sort of parse if we're going to see maybe $100 million of total expense lift in the fourth quarter? How much of that is ongoing stuff versus what people might sort of pull out as transitory? And then also appreciate that you suggested already not to annualize that, but just hoping for a little more deep dive in there as possible.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes, it's a good question. I think the annual -- the main point which you picked up on which was don't annualize that number. I think the fair point is some of our business is variable in nature based on performance. So hard to quantify that. But frankly, if we have the revenues that dictate we should be paying compensation on that, we would take those like at any day of the week. So I think you have to think about some of that expense growth in the context of the revenue that's driving it. As Chris said, we're potentially leaning into some unique opportunities in the quarter. Those are going to be by their nature, not necessarily recurring. And I don't have a specific number for you, but clearly, it's not appropriate to take the full amount of that. And I think we just -- we got to fine tune a little bit of how much expense rolls into the run rate quarter and a lot of that's going to be based on how much revenue we think it's supporting. So we just need to do a little bit more work to give you a clean look. But I do think the -- again, the appropriate guide at this point would be mid-to-single-digits for next year. And we owe you, as I said, more detail when we come back at the end of the year.
Scott Siefers: Got you. Okay. Perfect. Thank you, again.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. I'd now like to turn the call back to Chris Gorman for any closing comments.
Christopher Gorman: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to Brian and our Investor Relations team. We appreciate everyone's interest in Key and hope everyone has a great day. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Head of Investor Relations Brian Mauney. Please go ahead.
Brian Mauney: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. I’d like to thank you for joining KeyCorp’s second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. I’m here with Chris Gorman, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Clark Khayat, our Chief Financial Officer. As usual, we will reference our earnings presentation slides, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of the key.com website. In the back of the presentation, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosures and certain financial measures, including non-GAAP measures. This covers our earnings materials as well as remarks made on this morning’s call. Actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements and those statements speak only as of today, July 18, 2024, and will not be updated. With that, I will turn it over to Chris.
Christopher M. Gorman: Thank you, Brian. I'm on Slide 2. This morning, we reported earnings of $237 million or $0.25 per share, which is down $0.02 from the year ago quarter, but up $0.05 sequentially. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, revenue was essentially flat as we offset the expected pullback in investment banking fees from a record-first quarter with growth across the balance of the franchise. Expenses remained well-controlled, and credit costs were stable. Importantly, we continued to deliver on our clearly defined path to enhanced profitability as we detailed a little over a year ago. Net interest income grew from what we continue to believe will be this cycle's low in the first quarter, and we remained confident in our ability to deliver on our NII commitments for both the full year 2024, as well as the fourth quarter exit rate. Deposit value creation continues to be a positive story for Key. This quarter deposits grew by 1% sequentially, while the pace of increase in deposit costs continued to decelerate. Additionally, non-interest bearing deposits stabilized at 20% of total deposits. We were also pleased to see client deposits up 5% year-over-year. Consumer relationship households are up 3.3% annualized year-to-date. Finally, we continue to be very disciplined with respect to pricing. Our cumulative deposit data stands at 53% since the Fed began raising interest rates. With respect to non-interest income, we have made continued progress against our most important strategic initiatives. In our wealth management business, targeting massive fluid prospects, production volumes hit another record in the second quarter as we added 5.6 thousand households and over $600 million of household assets to the platform. Since launching this business in March of last year, we have added over 31,000 households and about 2.9 billion of new household assets to Key. Within our existing customer base, we believe we have a great opportunity, over 1 million Key retail households have investable assets of over $250,000 and only about 10% are existing customers in our investment business. Overall, as a company, our assets under management have now reached $57.6 billion. In commercial payments, we continue to see strength in our commercial deposits with 9% growth year-over-year and a relatively flat beta since year end. Cash management fees are growing at approximately 10%. Our Primacy focus has made this a core competency for us. We continue to see momentum as our clients are more focused than ever on working capital solutions and driving efficiency in their own businesses. Additionally, our focus on verticals like healthcare, real estate, and technology create meaningful deposit opportunities and our embedded banking strategy was well-timed given the growth we're seeing in that market. In investment banking, as we have previously communicated, our second quarter fees were below those of the first quarter. Our positive outlook for the business, however, remains unchanged. Our pipelines are higher today than last quarter, year-end, and year ago levels. Our M&A pipeline remains near record levels and the near-term outlook for other investment banking fee revenue streams have improved. At this point, we expect a stronger second half of the year consistent with our prior guidance. Our national third-party commercial loan servicing business also continues to perform well. This is a counter-cyclical business that also gives us unique insight into the commercial real estate market. We continue to feel very good about our growth prospects for this business. Lastly, on loans, broadly loan demand remains tepid, and the pricing environment remains competitive. It has also taken some time after our focus on improving our liquidity and capital ratios last year to get our machine fully up to speed. Despite recent volume trends, we are optimistic we will start to see stabilization and potentially some growth in the back half of the year. Our pipelines are building. In the middle market, our pipelines are over 50% higher than last quarter. And in our institutional business, engagements broadly are picking up as well. Turning to capital. This quarter, our Common Equity Tier 1 ratio improved by roughly another 20 basis points to 10.5%. Our marked CET1 intangible capital ratios also improved. As reported a few weeks ago, we have received the results of the Fed's stress test or D-Fest, which implied a preliminary stress capital buffer for Key of 3.1%, which is up 50 basis points from the SCV we received in 2022. I'll make just a few comments. First, even under this preliminary buffer, we have plenty of excess capital. Our 10.5% CET1 ratio compares to what would be a new 7.6% implied minimum. So the results continue to illustrate our strong capital position. Secondly, we, like others in our industry, don't have insight into the Fed's models. The Fed's modeled loan losses for Key, particularly for our commercial real estate and first-lien mortgage portfolios, are inconsistent with our internally run stress tests. We look forward to a continued constructive dialogue with our regulators on this topic. Looking forward, I am excited about what lies ahead for Key. We have been discussing our net interest income pivot for each of the last several quarters. The pivot is now upon us. NII headwinds that we have experienced will now become NII tailwinds as we go forward. Concurrently, I'm also encouraged by the business momentum we continue to see across the franchise. We demonstrated momentum in wealth management and commercial payments begin this past quarter and we are driving meaningful client deposit growth across the entire franchise. Lastly, investment banking and loan pipelines are up meaningfully from prior periods. With that, I'll turn the call over to Clark to provide more details on our financial results. Clark?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Thanks, Chris, and thank you everyone for joining us today. I am now on Slide 4. For the second quarter, as Chris mentioned, we reported earnings per share of $0.25 up $0.05 per share versus the first quarter or $0.03 per share adjusting for last quarter’s FDIC's special assessment. Sequentially, revenue was essentially flat, down half of 1%, as a 1.5% increase in net interest income was offset by 3% decline in non-interest income while expenses decline more meaningfully by 6% or 4% excluding FDIC assessment impacts. Credit costs were stable and included roughly $10 million bill to our allowance for credit losses this quarter. On a year-over-year basis, EPS declined driven by a tough net interest income comparison, but as we have shared previously, we expect NII will start to become a real tailwind next quarter and in the back half of the year. Non-interest income grew 3% while expenses were flat. Moving to the balance sheet on Slide 5. Average loans declined about 2% sequentially to $109 billion and ended the quarter at about $107 billion. The decline reflects tepid client demand, a 1% decline in C&I utilization rates, our disciplined approach as to what we choose to put on our balance sheet, and the intentional runoff of low yielding consumer loans as they pay down a mature. As Chris mentioned, we continue to have active dialogue with clients and prospects and our loan pipelines are building nicely, which gives us optimism that balances will stabilize or begin to improve from June 30th levels. On Slide 6, average deposits increased nearly 1% sequentially to $144 billion, reflecting growth across consumer and commercial deposits. Client deposits were up 5% year-over-year as broker deposits have come down by roughly $5.8 billion from year ago loans. Both total and interest-faring profit deposits increased by 8 basis points during the quarter, a slower rate of increase compared to the first quarter as short term rates have remained high. 3 basis points of the increases is due to the intentional addition of roughly $1.6 billion of term deposits reflecting a more conservative approach as we prepare for anticipated changes in liquidity rules. Non-interest bearing deposits stabilized at 20% of total deposits, and when adjusted for non-interest bearing deposits in our hybrid accounts, this percentage remained flat linked quarter at 24%. Our cumulative interest-bearing deposit beta was 53% since the Fed began raising interest rates. Our deposit rates remained stable across the franchise with ongoing testing by product and market. Given higher rates through the year, we have not seen as much opportunity to reduce deposit rates. However, we've continued to attract client deposits without having to lead the market on rates nor have we been paying the cash premiums that many of our competitors are offering to attract new operating accounts. Moving to net interest income and the margin on Slide 7. Tax equivalent net interest income was $899 million, up $13 million from the prior quarter. The benefit from fixed rate asset repricing, mostly from swaps and short-dated U.S. treasuries was partly offset by higher funding costs, lower loan balances, and impact from roughly $1.25 billion of forward starting swaps that became effective this quarter. You will recall that we put these swaps in place in 2023 at a then prevailing forward rate of 3.4% as we were managing the roll-off of the 2024 swaps. Net interest margin increased by 2 basis points to 2.04%. In addition to the NII drivers just mentioned, the previously mentioned liquidity build this quarter impacted NIM by about 2 basis points. Cash assets increased by roughly $3.5 billion sequential. We continue to believe that our NIM bottomed in the third quarter of 2023 and the NII bottomed in the first quarter of 2024. Turning to Slide 8, non-interest income was $627 million, up 3% year-over-year. Compared to the prior year, the increase was primarily driven by trust and investment services, commercial mortgage servicing fees, and investment banking cases. This offset a 21% decline in corporate services income, which has reverted to a more normalized level at 2022 and the first half of 2023 benefited from elevated LIBOR-SOFR related transition activity. Commercial mortgage servicing fees rose 22% year-over-year, reflecting growth in servicing and active special servicing balances. At June 30th, we serviced about $680 billion of assets on behalf of third-party clients including about $230 billion of special servicing, $7 billion of which was in active special servicing. Trust and Investment service fees grew 10% year-over-year as assets under management grew 7% to $57.6 billion. We saw positive net new flows in the quarter, and as Chris mentioned, sales production set another record in the quarter. Our investment banking fees were consistent with our prior guidance for the quarter. Across products, higher M&A and debt origination activity offset lower syndication and commercial mortgage activity. On Slide 9, second quarter non-interest expenses were $1.08 billion, flat year-over-year and down 4% sequentially, excluding FDIC special assessments. This quarter, we incurred an additional $5 million FDIC charge on top of last quarter's $29 million adjustment. On a year-over-year basis, personnel expenses were up due to key higher stock price, offset by lower marketing and business services and professional fees. Sequentially, the decline was driven by lower incentive compensation and employee benefits from FICA seasonality in the first quarter. Moving to Slide 10, credit quality remains solid. Net charge-offs were $91 million or 34 basis points of average loans and delinquencies ticked up only a few basis points. Non-performing loans increased 8% sequentially and remained low at 66 basis points of period-end loans at June 30th and as expected, the pace of increase in criticized loans slowed markedly to 6% in 2Q, following our deep dive in the first quarter. We expect that to continue to moderate and flatten out by the end of the year, assuming no material macro deterioration. Turning to Slide 11, we continue to build our capital position with CET1 up 20 basis points in the second quarter to 10.5%. Our March CET1 ratio, which includes unrealized AFS and pension losses improved to 7.3% and our tangible common equity ratio increased to 5.2%. The increases reflect work we've done over the past year to build capital and reduce our exposure to higher rates. We have reduced our DD01 [ph] by 20% over the past 12 months and at June 30th, our balance sheet was effectively interest rate neutral over a 12-month run. Despite higher rates, our AOCI improved by about $170 million to negative $5.1 billion at quarter end, including $4.3 billion related to AFS. On the right side of this slide, we've extended our AOCI projections through 2026. As we've been doing, we showed two scenarios; the forward curve as of June 30th, which assumes fixed cuts through 2026 and another scenario where rates are held at June 30th levels throughout the forecasted time horizon. With the forward curve, we would expect AOCI to improve by $1.9 billion or 39% by year-end 2026. If current rates remain in place, we would still expect $1.7 billion of improvement given the maturities cash flow in time. Slide 12 provides our outlook for 2024 relative to 2023. Our P&L guidance remains unchanged across all major line items. We have updated our loan guidance to reflect the lack of demand we referenced, we now expect average loans to be down 7% to 8% in 2024 and for the year-end 2024 loans to be down 4% to 5% compared to the year end of 2023. This implies fourth quarter loan balances are flat to up $1 billion from June 30th levels. We also positively revised our average deposit guidance to relatively stable from flat to down 2%, with client deposit growth in the low single-digit range. We continue to believe we can hit our full year 2024 and fourth quarter exit rate net interest income commitments, even if loan volumes end up slightly short of our revised target. On Slide 13, we update the net interest income opportunity from swaps and short-dated treasuries maturing. The cumulative opportunity stood at about $950 million using the June 30th forward curve loan change from last quarter. As of the end of the second quarter, we've realized approximately 50% of this opportunity, which is shown on the left side in the gray bars. This leaves about $480 million annualized NII opportunity left, which we expect to capture over the next three quarters with the most meaningful benefits expected to occur in the fourth quarter and first quarter of 2025. Moving to Slide 14. We've laid out for you the path of how we intend to get from the $899 million of reported net interest income in the second quarter to a $1 billion plus number by the end of the year under a couple of potential rate scenarios. In short, we believe we have about $130 million of tailwinds from lower fixed rate assets and swaps running off and from higher challenges. The rest largely nets out and includes what we believe are relatively conservative assumptions around modest loan growth, deposit costs, funding mix, and near-term negative NII impact from a Fed rate cut or 2. In the top loft, we've laid out the drivers of the growth, assuming the Fed cuts once in December. In this scenario, we expect about $80 million benefit from swaps in U.S. treasuries. We also expect growth from redeployment of lower-yielding assets, more specifically, approximately $2 billion of other security cash flows in the back half of the year and about $1.5 billion of maturing consumer loans. Day count and some pickup in loan fees drive the other $10 million to $15 million. In the bottom loft, we performed the same exercise but this time, assuming the Fed cuts by 25 basis points in September and again in December. While we still believe we can comfortably achieve our full year NII target rate in this scenario, we do become a little tighter on fourth quarter exit rate, although we still think we'll hit that guide. Keep in mind, while two rate cuts this year would have a near-term impact on NII as it takes time to deploy deposit beta, we would expect to recapture that effect in 2025. We would also likely drive improved balance sheet dynamics as we would see benefit from the approximately $7 billion of forward starting to receive fixed swaps that come off in the first half of 2025 as we position ourselves to be modestly liability sensitive next year. In addition, rate cuts would most likely provide benefits beyond NII, higher client transaction activity, more demand for credit, and improvements to capital so we would welcome this trade-off. With that, I'll now turn the call back to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. One moment please for the first question. And we go to the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning.
Christopher M. Gorman: Good morning Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: So just maybe, Clark, just starting out with NII, a huge focus for the stock. Looking at the Slide 14, it seems like the $120 million is locked in no matter what. So fourth quarter NII, 1 or 2 and then the upside from there is driven by how some of the second part of that works out. So give us a sense of the downside risk on NII, if loan growth ends up being weaker or negative in the back half and implications, I guess, more so for 2025 versus 2024. Just talk through us in terms of -- you've given a good concern on the Fed rate. I'm just wondering what weaker loan growth would imply and the scenario where we get to the 2.5 NIM versus the 2.4?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. Okay. Thanks, Ebrahim. And maybe I'll just kind of reground everybody in the whole thing, and then I'll get to your question because I'm sure this is not -- you're not unique in the NII question for the fourth quarter. So first of all, I think we've been really consistent or tried to be that a lot of this pull-through will happen in the second half of 2024, which we would expect will materialize as you see on the slide, and you noted. So we've talked a lot about the structural roll-off in swaps and treasury. So just a reminder, $5.5 billion of treasury is maturing in the second half at an average yield of about 47 basis points. $3.2 [ph] billion of swaps at about 60 basis points and then $2 billion of securities repricing at roughly low to mid-2% yield. So just that's the piece on the left that you referred to. There's another $10 million to $15 million in day count and fees. So again, we feel fairly good about that pulling through. We do expect deposit costs to continue to rise. So let's assume one cut coming in December. We guided to a mid-50s beta if there's no cuts. So a little bit of drift up. If there's one cut in December, that won't be impacted materially. We will see some benefit on betas if there's a cut in September, but we will also see the impact, obviously, of loan yields coming down, and that will happen in advance, not just because the loans reprice immediately, but SOFR will reflect that, as you know, a little bit before that cut. So there's a little bit of negative drag in 2024 if there's a first cut in September. As you commented, right, loan balances will be the variable. So we've been a little weaker in the quarter than planned. As Chris said, our pipelines are strengthening materially. I think that's a function of ongoing engagement with our teams, with clients, and prospects. As you said, middle market is up 50% plus on the pipeline side. So we do expect and are starting to see some traction in the back half. I think if there's a little bit lighter loan growth than what we guided to, we'll still be okay getting there. And if it's materially lower, then that's a different conversation. What the real implication is, I think, and probably where your question is going is, what does that mean for 2025 and the size of the balance sheet and the loan book going there. So look, I do think we all expect rate cuts to come, although I'm certainly not very good at predicting the economy, so I won't try to do that. But should we get some rate cuts, we do think that will create more client activity. We're already, as we talked about in pipeline and engagement dialogue seeing client interest in that. I think that means even if we start on a lower exit rate on loans, we will see good strong growth going into 2025 on loans. In the 12 years I've been at Key other than the last 12 months, we've been a leader on commercial loan growth, and I don't see anything today that would cause me to believe that will be different going forward. But I do think it's valuable maybe to add a couple pieces of content on 2025 that we really haven't covered. We've been laser-focused on 2024 swaps and treasury. So let me just add something that we've included in the appendix on Slide 20, which just gives you some sense of maybe some repricing opportunity in 2025 as well. And that is about $20 billion of additional asset repricing that comes next year. Those yields are low 3%, and that comprised of $5.2 billion of swaps coming off at $180 million. So some more swap pickup, not as meaningful as what we're seeing today, but not unmeaningful at those levels. Another $11 billion plus of fixed rate loan repricing that are coming off at 4.15 and then $4.2 billion of fixed rate securities that are about $275 million. So definite opportunity there. You'll also get the full year move and impact of the fourth quarter treasuries that will come off the books and swaps and then as rate cuts come in, we'll have the full year 2025 to deploy that beta into our consumer book. So I do think there are headwinds or tailwinds for us, sorry, as we get into 2025. And I think we have confidence we'll be able to grow loans and add clients on the commercial side as well.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's good color, thanks Clark for walking through. The other question just on Slide 10, you look at NPLs and criticized picking up sequentially. We are seeing a lot of banks talk more about losses coming from C&I. Remind us in terms of your outlook on sort of what you're seeing from your customers on C&I, any specific areas where you're seeing credit degradation that could lead to just higher NPLs going forward and charge-offs? Thank you.
Christopher M. Gorman: So Ebrahim, it's Chris. Look, couple of things, one, the normal migration from criticized to nonperformers, it's playing out exactly as we would have expected it to. Stepping back for just a second, our C&I book, 53% of it is investment grade, 70% is secured. And so most of them have very low utilization in terms of borrowing. So we start from a pretty good place. Your question is a good one though, as to where sort of the action is. And let me tell you where we're seeing some people impacted by the higher for longer scenario. Consumer goods, some business services, some equipment businesses. On the other side of the equation, we're starting to see actually healing in the health care sector. So think about seniors housing, think about facilities-based health care we're seeing that kind of going in the other direction. The other thing that we always look at is what's the mix of downgrades to upgrades and downgrades still exceed upgrades, but that ratio is starting to close. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it. Obviously, C&I is a very broad category in general. But that's kind of sort of how we're thinking about it.
Clark H. I. Khayat: And the only other thing, Ebrahim, I just follow on from the financial standpoint, we built the reserve very strongly over the last 12 months. We came in, I think, solidly in net charge-offs and provision in the quarter. We do expect some normalization. So we'd expect net charge-offs to pick up in the back half. That's, I think, fairly consistent with where we've been. We're comfortable on our 30 to 40 basis point range. I did say last month, we probably tend to the higher end of that, but that's really a denominator issue on loans versus more charge-offs than expected.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Next, we go to Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Robert Siefers: Good morning guys, thanks for taking the questions. So Clark, appreciate that sort of walk through on the NII. I still have sort of an NII related question. Maybe when you look at sort of the deposits that -- so the deposit base looks like it's going to come in better than you had anticipated previously. Can you maybe walk through what kinds of deposits you're going and what -- sort of what the spread looks like on those, so I think there's probably some question if we dial back the loan growth expectation, but we're still getting funds in that will go into something, just sort of what that spread looks like in your view?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. So -- thanks, Scott, for the question. So one, I'd say, look, we're always -- we're always trying to grow operating accounts and checking accounts. So we're going to -- we'll do that kind of regardless of what we think is happening on the asset side of the balance sheet. We did mention we added a little bit of CDs intentionally just to get ahead of what we think are some tightening liquidity expectations. And if we don't see loan growth for whatever reason, and again, we don't expect that, we do have some funding optimization, whether it's continuing to drive down the brokered CDs or our FHLB advances. So we think we'll have some opportunity to do that. We have built the cash position. So at the end of the quarter, we were kind of in the $15 billion range. So that gives you some indication of where that cash is sitting at the moment. But I would say just on deposits, maybe highlight a couple of things on where we see the back half going. One, I think positively in the commercial book, we continue to have very active dialogue with clients about their accounts, we've talked a lot about hybrids, for example. That continues to be a really good product for our clients and for Key, and we've actually moved pretty meaningfully the percentage of clients that we would deem as sort of index or index like. So as we have dialogue as they talked about rates, we've been able to move them to a more index-like product or structure with obviously anticipation of down rates. So we think that will benefit us when cuts start to come. And we're continuing to shorten the CD maturities, rates have stayed higher, so we haven't been as active driving those prices down, but we have been pulling in the maturities, and we do have a decent amount coming due here in the fourth quarter that we'll be able to reprice to the extent rates do come down. So that's kind of a long view on that, and we'd expect -- we've been pretty clear conservatively on down betas. If there's one cut, if there's a second cut we'll obviously have more opportunity to deploy that in the fourth quarter, but we still think we'll probably lag a little bit, but that will be a tailwind for 2025.
Robert Siefers: Perfect. Okay, thank you Clark. And then a little bit of a ticky-tack question on the swaps commentary on Slide 13. So you cite the $950 million annualized opportunity, which was -- that's down a little from $975 million last quarter. So I've gotten a couple of questions, does that represent a reduction in expectations or is it that we've just already absorbed that difference and the $950 million is what's still remaining in the future?
Clark H. I. Khayat: That should be a function of just where rates are as we do the calculation, but I can -- we can follow up and give you the detail on that. If the forward curve has come down a little bit, that would impact that.
Robert Siefers: Okay, perfect. Alright, good, thank you for taking the questions.
Operator: Next, we go to Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Usdin: Hey guys, good morning. Just a follow-up on just the loans in the context of the whole balance sheet. So I'm just wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on just how much of the loan growth versus what we see in HA when we see your peers, is this you guys just being more conservative and can you talk a little bit about like how much did you keep of your originated, did that change, and where specifically when you mentioned earlier, Clark, the pipeline, like what areas do you see those pipelines coming in, is it more just a straight up commercial? Thanks.
Christopher M. Gorman: Sure, Ken, it's Chris. Let me start by kind of sharing with you kind of what's going on out there in the marketplace because I think loan demand is pretty tepid across the board. And here's what -- as we're talking to clients, I think these are the unknowns that are keeping people from borrowing in general. One is just concern about the economy, what's the trajectory. The next is rates and it's two things. One, obviously, the cost of capital has gone up significantly as Fed funds rose from 25 to 525 bps, but on top of that, we've just had a lot of volatility in the 10-year. And so today, it's around 4.2%. I actually think we'll have higher for longer and I think once that settles in, people will borrow. But as I talk to clients, if they think that it's going to go down and they think rates are going to go down and go down precipitously, they're less inclined to make a move. Also, there's kind of a 12 to 18-month lead time around most big CAPEX and property, plant, and equipment projects. And people have kind of been putting those on hold. I think the election, I think that also is just another variable out there. A lot of these closely held businesses as they think about things like tax policy and the ability to take accelerated depreciation, so I think all of those are in the mix. The next thing that I think also impacts it is there's no question that the rate of inflation is coming down. And so people that were first during the pandemic motivated to kind of go long inventory because of the supply issues. And then they were motivated to go long inventory because of inflation, that's kind of wearing off. So what we actually saw was a contraction in our utilization rate by 1 percentage point. Going to your question about kind of what we keep on the balance sheet and what we place -- in the quarter just ended, we raised $23 billion for the benefit of our customers, and we kept 16% of it on our balance sheet. And typically, throughout our history, we typically would have 20%. 16% is up a bit from last quarter. So that kind of gives you sort of a flavor of what's going on. There is -- I sat down with all of our senior credit officers yesterday, and we are seeing in the marketplace some degradation in terms of structure. And as people compete for the loans that are out there, we clearly are not going to reach for structure at all. We don't feel like we need to do that. But that is an element, but it's not the lion's share of what's going on. On the positive side, we're starting to see transactional finance starting to come into the pipeline. For example, in our real estate business, 30% of the pipeline right now is transactional, which is a big change. So maybe hopefully, that's helpful, Ken, in terms of how we're thinking about it and what's going on out in the marketplace.
Kenneth Usdin: Great, thank you for that color. And the second question is just when we think about just the entirety of the balance sheet, your RWAs have come down a lot over the last year. So CET1 is growing. CET1, even with AOCI, we can see in Slide 24, up to 7.3%. The stress test went a little bit tougher. So just how important is managing to that with AOCI number, if at all, relative to your 10-3 [ph] regular way and just how you're thinking about just managing your capital position vis-a-vis the loan book and RWA growth? Thanks.
Christopher M. Gorman: Ken, we feel good about our capital position. Obviously, since the beginning -- since the initial proposal of the BASEL III Endgame, clearly, when the reproposal comes out it will be pushed out and it will be less severe. We had said initially that we had a clear path to get to where we wanted to get to on both a CET1 and a marked CET1, and that really hasn't changed. The other thing that I've said in the past is, I think as all these rules are applied, and there's a lot of question marks because we've got the long-term debt proposal, we've got the BASEL III Endgame. I think when you put it all together, I'm not -- I won't be surprised if most people are where we are right now where you have kind of a mid-70s sort of loan-to-deposit ratio. But that remains to be seen because we are yet to know we'll have to see how it plays out on a couple of these rules.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay, got it. Thank you Chris.
Christopher M. Gorman: Thank you Ken.
Operator: Our next question is from Erika Najarian with UBS. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. First question just on Slide 14, so it's pretty clear that 899 plus let's call it 125 you've got $1.24 billion in theory quote in the bag for 4Q 2024. And I'm wondering of those green bars, Chris and Clark in terms of improved funding mix and loan growth and we just heard Chris talk about how perhaps the macro environment is not that great for loan growth, could you walk us through sort of the probability of those green bars staying green. Obviously, the last two will have everything to do with the rate curve, right, so -- and you gave us pretty good guardrails in terms of how to think about deposit costs. But tell us a little bit more about how you plan to achieve the improved funding mix and the loan growth to be net positive to that number?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Sure. So let me handle the first one, Erika. So look, on improved funding mix, we're still sitting on something on the order of kind of $7 billion of FHLB advances. So we have some opportunity to continue to bring that down. We brought broker down close to $6 billion over the last year, but still some opportunity to manage that as well. And then on the margin, we can kind of calibrate where we think overall deposit costs will be based on the size of the balance sheet and the loan book. So we do think we have some opportunity to do that and a little bit of leverage here in the back half of the year on maturities around things like CDs and MMDAs. So we're looking at that very dynamically. We're watching our loan pipelines as they materialize, and we feel like we should be able to pivot one way or the other based on how much traction we're getting on loans.
Christopher M. Gorman: And Erika, where we would expect to get loan growth are in areas where we've always been able to get a lot of loan growth, things like renewables that are -- where we're a market leader and those are project financings where we were not aggressive last year. And now we are things like affordable similarly and also sort of the health care area where there's just a lot of consolidation.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my second question is a follow-up to Ken's question about capital. I think what struck me on Slide 11 is, I'm not sure how different the forward rate versus flat rate scenario are in terms of treasuries that don't decline by that much. But how time versus rate, although granted you only have 25 basis point difference in terms of the belly of the curve here. It is really what's going to heal the AOCI. And obviously, the stress test is a -- was a bit of a negative surprise. As Clark said, you guys have always been a premier grower in commercial. And if macro comes back, you would think that Key is in a position to outperform peers. So that and, I guess, how much is this adjusted AOCI impacting, if at all, your growth plans, it seems to be impacting your multiple and how investors think about you, but perhaps sort of square that for your investor rate in terms of how your RMs are going to market versus the sort of -- the difference between adjusted and reported? And Clark, just a quick confirmation that should we assume a flat balance sheet from the 170.6 through the end of the year? Thank you.
Christopher M. Gorman: I'll start with the first part of that. Our AOCI position has no impact at all on RRMs out competing in the marketplace. That's just not a variable for them at all. And to your point, under different -- under the two different rate scenarios we talked about, the difference is only $200 million. So it is a function of time, but it doesn't impact how we run the business day in and day out.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. And I would just add to that, right. We do have consumer loans that continue to come down, and that gives us both liquidity in capital to redeploy into commercial there. So to Chris' point, right, that's not something we're viewing as a limiter in the field. As far as the balance sheet through the rest of the year, I think relatively flat is a good place to start. As I said to your -- in response to your optimization question, that can move around a little bit, but I wouldn't expect it to be meaningfully large moves on earning assets.
Erika Najarian: So just to confirm, it feels like, obviously, the go-to-market strategy you were very firm, Chris, if that's not impacted. In terms of managing the balance sheet for these wins should we expect any RWA mitigation or credit risk transfers or do you feel like that's very much a 2023 story at this point?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. I mean -- and I appreciate your consistency on that particular item, Erika. It's -- look, it's something we spend a lot of time looking at and understanding which I think a lot of us did. We obviously had some peers do some things by the way, in places where we had already made moves. So auto in particular, where we had exited back in 2021. There are some opportunities for us to do that but frankly, we don't see a huge value in getting that additional CET1 at the moment. If something were to change, we know how to execute the transaction like that. We have a couple of portfolios that are likely prime candidates for that. But it's not clear to me at this moment that that's a lever that we need to pull to drive improved capital.
Christopher M. Gorman: Obviously, the better you think your portfolio is, the more expensive the transaction is.
Erika Najarian: Got it, thank you so much.
Operator: Next, we go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi Chris, hi Clark. Chris, I know this is not really quantifiable, but obviously, you've been at this for quite some time. But I took interest in your comments about your pipelines and how strong they are. Can you give us some confidence on -- there's pipelines and there's pipelines. How confident are you that these are real that they could pull through as you look at it over the next 12 months?
Christopher M. Gorman: Yes, well, we -- as you can imagine, we have a pretty detailed review of our pipelines for just the reason that you mentioned. And I look at pipelines, it's a combination of probability, time to time, times fee. We spent a lot of time looking at them. Will some fall away, I'm sure they will. Will some things appear that will be relatively short dated that we will close expeditiously. That will happen as well. But we sweat the details on these pipelines. Where we haven't been as tight, has been on some of the loan pipelines just because those that have a few more variables and people sometimes those deals get done away from you. But with respect to our investment banking pipelines, we're in good stead. Now if we have if we have a huge downturn and all of a sudden, the market has changed significantly, obviously, those pipelines can go away. But we feel good about the pipelines.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then as a follow-up on the credit, your Slide 10, I think you guys mentioned that there seems to be some improvement in the health care area and in the C&I, I think you said it might have been durable consumer. The question on the C&I portfolio, obviously, you guys have been very strong in capital markets for a number of years. And part of that, I presume you work with your sponsors, the private equity guys and in earning the fees from those folks, they tend to also use your balance sheet. Is there any evidence that on the private equity side or the loans to non-depository financials that category. And I know it includes insurance companies and less riskier borrowers, but is there any evidence that there's any credit concerns in that category of loans?
Christopher M. Gorman: No, there's not. And you asked specifically about loans to the private equity community. Obviously, those are in the category of leverage loans, and we are literally in this kind of rate increase. We're underwriting those literally every quarter. Are there some issues, has there been some migration, absolutely. But we're not concerned about that universe of borrowers.
Clark H. I. Khayat: And Gerard, that portfolio that would drive kind of that financial concentration we've been in that 20-ish years. I think maybe there's one loss in that time frame, like literally one credit. It's super clean, great returns, and it is actually the portfolio that we entered into that forward flow agreement with Blackstone, and that was entirely to manage the credit risk concentration, not for any concerns about the quality of that portfolio.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. And Clark, while I have you, just a quick technical question on that Slide 20 where you gave us the 2025 refinancing dollar amounts. And the coupon on what you're receiving, what's the increase, for example, the 180 on the weighted average rate received if that was to convert today, what would it convert to same thing with the fixed rate loans?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes, so today we are putting forward starters on in 2025 for the purpose of getting a little bit liability sensitive going forward, and we're putting those on kind of in the 4% range. So obviously, that depends on how forward starting and how long they are, but that compares to the 180 quite favorably, obviously. And even the 278 that sits out there in 2026. So definite benefit there. On the fixed rate consumer loans at 415, those are probably, well, one, the student loan market just isn't there for a variety of reasons, rates and sort of give an overhang and the forgiveness in the holiday from the government. But if you were going to put on kind of the jumbo mortgage market, that's probably in the 6.5% to 7% range, but that isn’t incredibly vibrant at the moment either. But those would be the kind of comparison points. And then on your -- yes, if you did C&I, you'd be at 7%. So that would be the way we'd probably think about that replacement rate. And then on the securities, that $274 today is coming on kind of 5.5 to 5.75-ish range.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good, thank you Clark.
Operator: Next, we have a question from John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning. Clark, as you are looking at the impact of the swap and treasury maturities and the benefit to NII, I know a heavy focus on the 4Q exit rate of the NIM and what it means. And clearly, that has a pretty positive impact on 2025 and I believe from a revenue perspective, you could be looking at double-digit revenue growth and mid-teens or so on NII next year in terms of growth, just given that dynamic what type of -- how should we think about how much of that benefit really fall to the bottom line. Operating leverage for next year, it looks like it could be anywhere in the ballpark of 800 to 900 basis points positive operating leverage based on how consensus is thinking about it, if you're looking at 2% expense growth rate. So is it that wide a positive operating leverage that you'll allow to materialize and allow this to follow the bottom line or do you think that we could be looking at something less than that?
Christopher M. Gorman: Hey John, it's Chris. We -- I don't disagree with your assumptions. But obviously, we're not yet coming out with sort of what our view is of 2025.
John Pancari: Okay, alright, thanks. And then separately, on the deposit costs that I know you indicated that you expect some incremental pressure on deposit costs, and they increased this quarter, but a little bit less than first quarter, and you cited the CDs actions on that front. Could you maybe just help us think about the incremental upside that you think is likely under maybe a forward curve assumption when you look at deposit costs from here?
Clark H. I. Khayat: When you say upside, just so I understand, you're talking about increase in rates or data.
John Pancari: Increase. Increase in rate, yes, sorry.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes, yes. Look, so we guided to kind of mid-50s. If there were no cuts, one cut will have a maybe minor impact on that. If that cut is in December, it is just not a lot of time to implement that. And the reality is, I guess, technically, if that cut occurs, the beta cycle is sort of over so the question is, is your beta on that first cut positive or negative. I think it would be in December, again, not a lot of impact. If we do get a cut in September as well, as I said, I think you're going to have a little bit of drift just by nature of the stickiness of the consumer book, but we think we'd have kind of a plus or minus 20 beta coming down. What that does on the overall cost, again, you get kind of into the technical definition of data cycles ending. But I think you'd see in a September cut rates start to really flatten through the back half of the year, whereas with one cut in December, they may still be up a bit.
John Pancari: Got it, okay, great, thanks Clark.
Operator: Next, we go to Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matthew O’Connor: Good morning. Just to bring it all together on the investment banking fees, the strong kind of pipeline. How are you thinking about the back half of the year, I think you talked about $300 million to $350 million of revenues maybe last month. So how you still -- do you still feel comfortable about that range?
Christopher M. Gorman: Yes, Matt, it's Chris. That is the range that we believe will do -- our revenues will be in the back half of the year. We ended the first half of the year right around $300 million, and we've guided all along to $600 million to $650 million, and that's unchanged.
Matthew O’Connor: Okay. And then sticking with fees, the Trust Investment Management, investment services, obviously, nice growth there, some boost from the market. But just remind us what else is going on there that might drive growth beyond what the market is giving us here? Thank you.
Christopher M. Gorman: Well, that -- one of the things we talked about in my initial comments is we're clearly really growing our mass affluent business. That was the business where we brought in 30,000 new customers and about $3 billion of total assets to Key. So that's really the -- that's a big driver of that line.
Matthew O’Connor: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Next, we go to Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hey, good morning. I just wanted to ask on the ACL ratio. I mean the loans are coming down, you're ratcheting up results from a dollar perspective. So the ACL ratio has been going up fairly steadily. How do you think about those reserve levels and what's the right level here if the macro environment remains stable?
Christopher M. Gorman: Sure. Well, first of all, thank you for the question. The three things that really drive that are, as you point out, loan growth, your view of the macro economy, and then idiosyncratic to the actual credits. I could see a scenario depending on how this plays out, where we evaluate what the total reserve is. But I think it's premature right now only because it's still unclear to us exactly what path the economy is going to take. But as we get more clarity, we'll continue to evaluate it.
Manan Gosalia: So I guess what you're saying is until there's uncertainty, you probably keep the reserves at these levels. And then when you get a little bit more certainty, you can start to bring that down and right size that relative to your loan growth, is that fair?
Christopher M. Gorman: Right. We've constantly been looking at it and adjusting it based on the three metrics that I just shared with you. One, our view of the macro economy; secondly, the size of the book, which obviously is going down in this instance and also just the idiosyncratic look at things like migration and what we have in terms of nonperformers and so forth.
Manan Gosalia: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Next, we go to Steve Alexopoulos with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning everyone. I want to start -- Clark, thank you for all the detailed disclosures on NII, and we've obviously beat that horse on this call quite a bit. But just assuming that we get two cuts this year, just say, September and December, what's your bias in terms of where you'll likely be in terms of the NII range for the year?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Look, I think with two cuts we're going to be closer to the bottom end of our range. But I would tell you just from an overall health of the business, I'd take the second cut because I think it drives more loan demand, I think it buys more capital markets activity. I think it gets people more engaged in economic investment. So I think it's a trade we certainly would make going into 2025 versus, I guess, maximizing what's in the fourth quarter.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Okay, thanks. And for my follow-up question, I want to go back and ask John's question a little bit different on expenses. I know you're not going to give 2025 outlook at this point. But if you do achieve the expense outlook this year, I think it's basically three years in a row where you haven't had any real expense growth. And I guess what we're curious of there's lots of ways to achieve that. One of them is just deferring expenses and projects until the environment is better. And is that the key just help us understand that -- is there a catch-up in expenses coming because you've been deferring and you have an expense growth for multiple years or should the next year as the revenue environment gets better, just looks like a more normal expense year for the company?
Christopher M. Gorman: So Steve, the answer is, as we look forward, it will be a more normal expense year for the company as we continue to come out of the position that we're in. We have been investing though and the reason we've been able to invest is we took $400 million of expenses out last year just for the purpose of being able to invest in people and in technology and in the businesses that we're trying to grow like our private client business, our payments business, our investment banking business. So expenses will go up in 2025, as you see the pull-through of the earnings that we're talking about, but we have not starved the business. We've continued to invest in our migration to the cloud. We've continued to spend $800 million a year in our tech area. So -- but in order to be able to continue to invest in the business, I think you can imagine that expenses will go up in 2025. But it's not because of deferred expenses. It's just because business continues to grow.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. And just to put it -- reiterate Chris' point there, it's just investment will be stable to up. It's just the lack of a clear takeout to fund that that will be the difference.
Steven Alexopoulos: Yes. Got it. Okay. That's great color. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next, we go to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Michael Mayo: Hi, I think I'm missing something very basic, and that is that you have the same -- no change to the fixed asset repricing, you have less favorable loan growth guidance, yet you still have the same NII guidance, so what am I missing in my logic?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes, look. I mean it's -- part of it is there is a range, Mike. So where you land in the range is part of that. A lot of that, as we've talked about in the call, a lot of the increase is going to be structural to the fixed asset repricing. So the plus or minus pieces on that, I think, is largely going to be whether or not we have loan growth, but a little bit of that muted loan growth is offset by a little bit stronger deposit performance. So we hit both of those balance sheet components, one of the negative, one of the positives. And we think those are somewhat offsetting. So the amount of loan growth we see in the second half will be kind of the plus or minus on that range.
Michael Mayo: You said middle market pipelines are up 50% quarter-over-quarter. Is that correct, and how much is middle market of your total commercial?
Christopher M. Gorman: The answer is the 50% quarter-over-quarter is correct and middle market would be of total commercial, probably 40%.
Michael Mayo: So even though you had -- even though you have such strong backlogs and it seems like you have a certain degree of conviction, you still thought you should guide loan growth lower, is that correct?
Christopher M. Gorman: We did. And one of the things -- one of the reasons we felt that way, Mike, is that our exit rate was lower than our average loan rate, which was part of our thinking there.
Michael Mayo: And then just a separate topic, Chris. In terms of the merger environment, I feel like the topics died down here recently, but you said that you'd be willing and able to pursue another first Niagara sort of deal. Is that still the case and under what circumstances do you think it would become more likely, would it be more likely after the election, what do you think the tone is in D.C. and what's your appetite?
Christopher M. Gorman: Sure. So as it relates to a depository, I don't see anything happening in the near future. I think the obstacles to completing a deal is, first of all, can you get it approved. Secondly, if you can't get it approved, how long does it take and what's left of the business after you get it approved. As I mentioned earlier, I think there's some real questions on -- everyone seems to be coalescing around the soft landing. I hope people are right. I'm not sure that, that's a fatal comply. And so I think as you're thinking about buying a business, you're buying a book, and of course, unrealized losses become realized losses. So for all those reasons, I don't see it happening in the near future. What I had mentioned in the -- on the call that you had sponsored as I said, with respect to First Niagara, we were able to keep the clients and keep the people and take 42% of the cost out of the business. And I think that's a pretty good business model in any industry. So I think that -- I think there will be consolidation. What I've shared with our team is I don't think there's going to be any consolidation until there's a lot. So I think that -- I think there will be consolidation. Where you will see us spending time is on these entrepreneurial businesses. I'm really proud of our ability to buy entrepreneurial niche businesses and integrate them into our business. That's really hard for a big company to do. And I think we've done it pretty well, and that would be things that we'd be focused on in the near and medium term.
Michael Mayo: And then last question, investment banking, I know your mix is different. You're more loan syndications, you have mergers, but relative to the big banks, I know it's not apples-to-apples completely, but it just doesn't really compare so favorably to them, on the other hand, you said you have record backlogs in investment banking, so what areas of investment banking are you seeing the record backlogs?
Christopher M. Gorman: Sure. So the divergence, I'll start with the divergence. We are focused on certain industries. I think a lot of people had a pretty good quarter with respect to equities. We did not particularly just because, one, it's not a huge business for us. And secondly, equities teams tend to be issued in certain verticals at certain times. Where we have a strong backlog, and it's the most important place for us, given our middle-market franchise, Mike, is in M&A because our M&A business pulls through a lot of things like loans, like hedging. So that's where our pipelines are strong. The other area, we have a commercial mortgage business and as rates come down, I think you're going to see that business -- rates come down and stabilize. And I think you need both, candidly. For all the reasons I talked about earlier, I think you're going to see that really pick up in terms of what comes out of the pipe in the second half of the year.
Matthew O’Connor: Got it, thank you.
Christopher M. Gorman: Thank you, appreciate your questions.
Operator: And next, we go to Peter Winter with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Good morning. The consumer loan growth was under quite a bit of pressure in the second quarter. I'm just wondering if you could talk about the outlook on the consumer side of the lending business?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Sure. One, our consumer lending, we -- as you know, Peter, we don't have a huge credit card book. It's really mortgage, home equity, personal loan, student loans. That has an enormous amount of volume in the mortgage market, the jumbo mortgage market or nonconforming market or the student loan market, which is generally what has been on balance sheet for us. We continue to support clients where we can, particularly in held-for-sale mortgages, but I would suspect as we go forward, you will see us do -- and rates come down and those businesses get a little stronger, you'll see us support those clients very actively, but probably do a little bit more of that off-balance sheet. So we'll view that a little bit more as a fee income generators as we service those clients. We will always have some room on the balance sheet to accommodate good clients as it relates to nonconforming structures as an example. But that will be probably less so than it's been in the last few years.
Peter Winter: Would you expect just given the low yields, a similar type of decline going forward on the consumer side?
Clark H. I. Khayat: In terms of what we've seen this year?
Peter Winter: Just relative to the second quarter?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. I mean, I'd have to go back and look for sure, but you have student loans and mortgages, right. They just have structural paydowns every month. So we'll see that book continue to come down at a sort of normalized rate. I think it will accelerate as rates come down, but they have to come down quite a bit, frankly, for a lot of refi. So I think what you're seeing is probably illustrative of what you'd expect going forward. But definitely, I don't know of any unique thing that happened in the second quarter that would have driven consumer loan growth down more than expected.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then just on a different question, just on buybacks. I know there are no plans to buy back stock this year. But Chris, I'm just wondering what are some of the parameters you're looking at to get back into the market to buy back stock?
Christopher M. Gorman: Well, the first parameter would be to really have a firm understanding of where the BASEL III Endgame is going to be because until we know what the phase-in period is and what capital is going to be required it's -- that's just -- I think that's a very important piece of the equation. And for us, obviously, we had mentioned we've been under earning. And as our balance sheet heals that will give us an opportunity at the appropriate time to revisit that. But we've been very clear, we're not going to engage in any buybacks this year for sure because we, in fact, don't even have a plan approved by the Board. But going forward, obviously, like everybody, we'll be taking a look at it.
Peter Winter: And then just one last, just clarification question, Clark, on Steve's question about the NII range. You mentioned with two rate cuts closer to the bottom end of the range, does that mean closer to 2% down.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Closer to 5%. So it would be the upper end...
Peter Winter: Upper end of the down range?
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes, we can wrestle on those semantics. But yes, closer to that closer to the 5% down.
Peter Winter: Got it, thanks. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: And I'll now turn the conference back to Chris Gorman for closing remarks.
Christopher M. Gorman: Again, thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to Brian and our Investor Relations team. This concludes our remarks. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for standing by. Welcome to the 2024 First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Mauney, KeyCorp’s Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Mauney: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. I’d like to thank you for joining KeyCorp’s first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. I’m here with Chris Gorman, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Clark Khayat, our Chief Financial Officer. As usual, we will reference our earnings presentation slides, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of the key.com website. In the back of the presentation, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosures and certain financial measures, including non-GAAP measures. This covers our earnings materials as well as remarks made on this morning’s call. Actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements and those statements speak only as of today, April 18, 2024, and will not be updated. With that, I will turn it over to Chris.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, Brian. I’m on Slide 2. This morning, we reported earnings of $183 million or $0.20 per share which incorporates $0.02 per share impact from an additional FDIC special assessment charge this quarter. I would characterize our underlying results as solid. Revenue was essentially flat sequentially despite expected first quarter seasonality as investment banking reported its best first quarter result in our company’s history. Fees were up 6% against both the prior quarter and prior year. Retail relationship households were up 2.5% year-over-year and commercial clients were up 6%. Customer deposits were up 2% year-over-year and essentially flat on a sequential basis. We continue to reduce our reliance on higher cost brokered CDs and wholesale borrowings. Expenses remained well controlled at $1.1 billion. Nonperforming assets and credit losses remained low. Additionally, we continued to build our credit reserves this quarter. Our capital ratios, including tangible common ratios were flat to improved across the board, despite the impact of higher interest rates on the fair value of our available-for-sale securities. We ended the quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.3%, up 120 basis points from a year ago, representing our fastest rate of organic capital build over a 12-month period since the industry began tracking this metric. I’m also encouraged by the momentum we are seeing in areas where we have a differentiated advantage and have been investing. While only one quarter, I am encouraged by the strong broad-based results we saw in our capital markets business, across M&A, equity and debt capital markets and our commercial mortgage group. We also are seeing broad momentum across our targeted industry verticals, such as health care, power, industrials and renewables. While I would expect to see some pullback in fees in the second quarter, our pipelines are up from a year ago and from year-end levels. Market conditions are clearly starting to normalize. We also continue to raise significant capital on behalf of our clients. In the first quarter, we raised over $22 billion, holding 12% on our balance sheet and distributing the balance in the capital markets. To this end, last month, we announced a strategic forward flow origination partnership with Blackstone. This partnership will allow us to accelerate growth and manage credit concentration risk within our differentiated commercial platform and is another example of how we are delivering best-in-class execution for our clients. This deal also further validates our distinctive underwrite-to-distribute model, in that one of the largest private credit providers has recognized our platform for its ability to originate, soundly underwrite and service at volume with our high-quality clients. As markets evolve, we will continue to evaluate the potential for arrangements with other leading providers like this one, which allow us to offer a distinctive experience for our clients while concurrently managing our risk. Turning to Wealth Management. We recently launched Key Private Clients where we have the opportunity to penetrate a large growing mass affluent segment within our consumer base and with our commercial business owners. In this mass affluent segment, we enrolled another 6,000 households in this quarter and doubled production volumes compared to last year. This new business has added over $2 billion of household assets in just over a year. Overall, our assets under management have now surpassed $57 billion. Before I turn it over to Clark, I want to touch briefly on credit quality. As I mentioned earlier, our nonperforming loans, net credit losses and delinquencies remain at low historical standards with credit losses below our full year 2024 and through-the-cycle targets. In the first quarter, we saw an uptick in criticized loans, which was driven by our belief which, by the way, we have held for some time now, that we will remain in a higher-for-longer environment as inflation remains sticky. With that in mind, this quarter, we performed a deep dive on over 90% of our clients that we believe would be most impacted under a higher-for-longer scenario, encompassing over 80% of our non-investment grade commercial exposures. Performing this deep dive confirmed our view that there will be low loss content in these loans. Approximately 96% of accruing criticized commercial loans are current and 93% are current when also including non-accruing loans. Over 85% of our criticized real estate loans have recourse. I continue to feel very good about our ability to hit our net charge-off guidance of 30 to 40 basis points this year. In summary, while it’s still early in the year, we are on pace to deliver against the commitments that we detailed at the beginning of this year. Key is back to playing offense. And I remain excited about our future and our ability to generate sound profitable growth moving forward. I also want to take a moment to thank our teammates for their continued commitment to our clients and our communities. I am very proud to share with you that for the 11th consecutive exam cycle, since the passage of the regulation in 1977, Key received an outstanding rating from the OCC for meeting or exceeding the terms of the Community Reinvestment Act. This achievement reflects our collective commitment to our purpose and an enormous amount of hard work and dedication from every teammate at Key. With that, I’ll turn it over to Clark to provide more details on the results of the quarter. Clark?
Clark Khayat: Thanks, Chris, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I’m now on Slide 4. For the first quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.20, including $0.02 impact from the FDIC special assessment. This quarter’s $29 million pretax assessment represented a 15% add-on to the charge we had taken in the fourth quarter relating to the bank failures last spring. As expected, our taxable equivalent net interest income declined 4.5% sequentially within the range of down 3% to 5% that we provided in January. Noninterest income increased 6% compared to both the prior year and quarter, primarily driven by strong investment banking performance. Reported expenses were down and excluding selected items, expenses were up slightly linked quarter and essentially flat year-over-year at approximately $1.1 billion. Provision for credit losses of $101 million was roughly flat to the fourth quarter and included $81 million of net loan charge-offs and $20 million of credit reserve build. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio increased to 10.3%, while tangible book value declined 1% sequentially, reflecting the impact of higher rates on AOCI this quarter. Moving to the balance sheet on Slide 5. Average loans declined 2.6% sequentially to $111 billion and loans ended the quarter at about $110 billion, down approximately $2.7 billion from year-end. The decline reflects the expected follow-on impacts of intentional actions we took in 2023 to reduce low-return lending-only C&I relationships and the runoff of residential mortgages and student loans as they pay down and mature. Lower balances are also a function of lower client demand driven by the uptick in rates in the quarter and the return of capital markets activity, which moved some client assets to more attractive off-balance sheet structures. We also remain disciplined and intentional about what we’re putting on our balance sheet. We’re very active with clients and prospects and still expect new loan origination to come back throughout 2024. On Slide 6. Average deposits declined about 1.5% sequentially, in line with recent historical seasonal patterns. And within that decline, we reduced brokered deposits by roughly $1 billion. Client deposits were up 2% year-over-year. Both total and interest-bearing cost of deposits rose by 14 basis points during the quarter, primarily reflecting repricing of existing CDs and money market deposits as they come up for maturity and some continued migration out of noninterest-bearing. When adjusted for the noninterest-bearing deposits in our hybrid commercial accounts, our percentage of noninterest-bearing to total deposits dropped from 25% to 24% linked quarter. Our cumulative interest-bearing deposit beta was just below 52% since the Fed began raising interest rates, up about 3 percentage points from last quarter. On the bottom left of the page, we split out for you our deposit mix by product type and for interest-bearing by business, including how much of our commercial book is indexed or managed to benchmark rates. We hope you’ll find this information useful as you think through potential beta sensitivities. Moving to net interest income and margin on Slide 7. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $886 million, down 4.5% from the prior quarter. Approximately $40 million of benefit from fixed rate asset repricing, mostly from swaps and short-dated U.S. treasuries, was more than offset by lower loan volumes, higher deposit cost and deposit mix migration. Day count impact was about $7 million. Net interest margin declined by 5 basis points to 2.02% driven by higher deposit costs, lower-than-expected loans and changes in funding mix. Both our net interest income and margin continue to reflect headwinds from prior balance sheet positioning. Our short-dated swaps in U.S. treasuries reduced net interest income by $309 million and our NIM by about 70 basis points this quarter. That said, we affirm our prior commitments that our NIM bottomed in 3Q 2023 and that this first quarter of 2024 reflects the low point for net interest income. Turning to Slide 8. Non-interest income was $647 million, up 6% quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. Compared to the prior year, the increase was primarily driven by investment banking fees, which grew 17% to $170 million, a record first quarter. Strong performance was broad-based across products and industries. Commercial mortgage servicing fees rose 22% year-over-year, reflecting growth in servicing, special servicing and active special servicing balances. At March 31, we serviced about $660 billion of assets on behalf of third-party clients. Finally, Trust and Investment Services grew by 6% year-over-year as assets under management grew 7% to $57 billion. We’re seeing strong momentum in Key private clients as well as tailwinds from higher market levels. Conversely, on a year-over-year basis, corporate services income declined by 9% given elevated LIBOR to SOFR related transaction activity in the first quarter a year ago. And the 5% decline in cards and payment fees reflects slowing spend volumes and lower interchange rates in credit card and merchants. On Slide 9, total non-interest expense for the quarter was $1.1 billion and included $29 million related to the FDIC special assessment increase. Excluding selected items in all periods, expenses were flat compared to a year ago and up 1.5% from fourth quarter. Personnel expenses were flat year-over-year as a 7% decline in headcount offset impact from inflation in merit and higher incentive compensation associated with our strong fee revenue results and the impact of appreciation of our stock price associated with equity awards. Linked quarter, higher personnel costs also reflects seasonal benefits costs in addition to the factors just listed. Moving to Slide 10. Credit quality remained solid. Net charge-offs were $81 million or 29 basis points of average loans, below our target of 30 to 40 basis points for the full year 2024. Delinquencies increased just 2 basis points this quarter and non-performing loans increased 15%, but remained low at 60 basis points of period-end loans. As Chris mentioned, criticized loans increased and represented 6% of loans at quarter end. Roughly two-thirds of the increase came from our C&I portfolio with the rest primarily in commercial real estate. Our internal ratings are driven by primary repayment sources. As loans were moved to criticized, we reaffirmed our collateral coverage, reappraised properties, further engage with borrowers to understand operating pressures, if any and analyze secondary payment sources on these loans. Based on that thorough review, we feel good about the loss content on these loans, and as Chris shared, remain comfortable with our prior loss guidance for 2024 of 30 to 40 basis points. On Slide 11, given this was a fairly unique quarter in terms of the ins and outs, we provided you with a walk of how we derived a roughly $20 million build in our credit allowance this quarter. We added roughly $117 million to account for the quarter’s credit migration, partially offset by a $98 million release to account for an improved macro outlook. Even with this quarter’s proactive deep dive, our net upgrades to downgrades ratio across the entire commercial book improved this quarter as the velocity of downgrades have slowed. As a result, our allowance for credit losses continued to build and represented 1.66% period-end loans at the end of March. When you analyze our levels of reserves by loan type, you’ll find that we compare similarly or better versus our peers and we feel particularly well reserved in our commercial real estate, including a 3% ACL against non-owner-occupied CRE loans. Turning to Slide 12. We continue to build our capital position with CET1 of 24 basis points to 10.3% or 330 basis points above our required minimum, including our stress capital buffer. Our marked CET1 ratio, which includes unrealized AFS and pension losses, increased 13 basis points to 7.1%, and our tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio held steady, down just 2 basis points at 5.04%. This outcome despite the roughly 40 basis point increase in five-year rates during the quarter reflects work we have done over the past year to reduce our exposure to higher rates. This includes reducing the size of our securities portfolio, reducing the portfolio duration and putting on roughly $7 billion of paid fixed swaps, while terminating about $7.5 billion of fixed cash flow swaps last fall. We’ve reduced our DVO1 by 27% over the past 12 months. Our AOCI was negative $5.3 billion at quarter end, including $4.3 billion related to AFS. As we shared with you in the past, the right side of this slide shows Key’s go-forward expected reduction in our AOCI mark based on two scenarios. The forward curve as of March 31, which assumes six rate cuts through 2025, and another scenario where rates hold at March 31 levels through the end of next year. In the forward curve scenario, the AOCI mark is expected to decline by approximately 32% by the end of 2025, which would provide approximately $1.7 billion of capital build through that time frame. In the flat scenario, we still accrete $1.3 billion of capital driven by maturities, cash flows and time. Slide 13 provides our outlook for 2024 relative to 2023. In short, our guidance is unchanged from what we shared in January. If there’s one commitment, we think will be a little more challenging to hit, it will be ending loan balances given the impact of rate increases on client demand and our own selectivity of loans. But as we’ll show you in a minute, we don’t believe this will impact our ability to deliver on our net interest income commitments, both for the full year and the fourth quarter exit rate. On Slide 14, we updated the net interest income opportunity from swaps and short-dated treasuries maturing. As forward rates have moved higher this quarter, this cumulative opportunity has increased to $975 million from the roughly $900 million we estimated last quarter. Of course, some of this incremental benefit will be offset by higher funding costs and a higher-for-longer environment. As of the end of the first quarter, we’ve realized a little over 30% of this opportunity to date, which is shown on the left side of the slide in the gray bars. This leaves about $650 million annualized net interest income opportunity left that we expect to capture over the next 12 months. Moving to Slide 15. We wanted to lay out for you the path of how we intend to get from the $886 million of reported net interest income this quarter to a $1 billion plus number by the end of the year. In the top walk, we’ve laid out the drivers of growth, assuming rates generally follow the forward curve and the Fed cuts twice later this year once in September and again in December. In this scenario, we see about $120 million benefit from the swaps and U.S. Treasuries in line with what we showed you on the previous slide. We also have another roughly $1.1 billion of projected fixed rate cash flows rolling every quarter, currently yielding in the low 2% range that will get reinvested at higher rates. This offsets the immediate impact that rate cuts would have on our variable rate loans and other short-term floating rate investments. We see some modest benefit in year from lower funding costs, particularly from our index commercial deposits and wholesale funding. We’d also expect the net interest margin to improve meaningfully to the 2.4% to 2.5% range in the fourth quarter with about 75% of the improvement driven by the treasuries and swaps and the other 25% through lower funding costs. In the bottom walk, we hold rates flat to where they are at March 31. In this scenario, we get more earning asset repricing benefit because variable rate loans and other short-term instruments do not reprice lower. That is partially offset by deposit betas continuing to creep a little higher. As we’ve said, we expect to support clients and prospects to drive high-quality loan growth throughout the year. Should loan demand remain softer than expected, we would still expect to meet our Q4 net interest income guidance in either scenario I just described. With that, I will now turn the call back to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning. Clark, I’m wondering if you can kind of start where you just finished and just looking at those two scenarios on Slide 15. I hear you that it still seems like there’s a lot of ways to get to that $1 billion plus. Just wondering how you can help us understand the variance of those outcomes, maybe a way to think about how much those two cuts mean on their own or some of the other kind of moving parts that would change that? Or is it really just like a pretty narrow answer whatever the cut scenario is in terms of where that fourth quarter exit lands?
Clark Khayat: Yes. Thanks, Ken and great question. I would point you to 15 and just say, if you look at the two ends, the swap and UST roll-off, that’s a pretty predictable number. We think we’ve been good about disclosing the details there. That’s, I think, pretty straightforward math. It will be a little bit better in a no cut than in a cut scenario, as you know, but it’s within a bound range when you think about two cuts versus zero. And then on the other side, the impact from loan growth, which, again, we think is coming, but will be a little bit back-end loaded has a relatively minimum in-year impact. So the range of outcomes on loan growth, while we – we’d rather have more in year, I don’t think is a huge driver in this number. So it really is those two pieces in the middle and the trade between how much more you get from asset repricing, net of loan yields, if there are cuts versus what the impact of funding is and those sort of work to offset each other a little bit, but in a way that we think is relatively muted for the course of the year. And then just the other point I’d make is the $886 million well on the low end for the quarter was within the guide. And obviously, when we gave you the guide for Q1, we had in mind hitting not only the full year guide, but importantly, the fourth quarter exit rate and we continue to confirm our ability to do that. Is that helpful?
Ken Usdin: Yes, it is. Thank you. And as a follow-up on that loan growth point, I’m just wondering in the prepared remarks, Chris talked about the new agreement with Blackstone. And I’m just wondering that dynamic and how that plays into the combination of loan growth, investment banking fees and kind of like what that means for how you originate versus how you distribute?
Chris Gorman: Well, good morning, Ken, so it’s a good question. Let me hit the loan growth kind of head on. We have always demonstrated an ability to grow loans. Having said that, sort of three things all have to be present for us to grow loans. One, there has to be demand. Right now, there is not a lot of loan demand out there. So that’s point one. You see it in kind of flat utilization among other things and not a lot of investment. The second thing is, it has to be in our clients’ best interest for us to, in fact, provide those loans. And you probably noticed that we raised $22 billion, but only put 12% on our balance sheet, and that’s because we can better serve our clients, whether it’s through the forward flow arrangement with Blackstone that you referenced or a variety of other markets. And the third thing is that they have to – the loans that are available to put on our balance sheet have to fit our risk profile and they have to fit our return requirements. And right now, there’s not a lot of loans like that from our perspective. Having said that, what’s interesting about bank loans is because there’s excess capacity, the best time to make bank loans is when there’s a downturn. And our house view is, we are going to see a downturn, and that will be a great time for us to really use our balance sheet. Your question, though, the implications of your question really are broader than just the loan growth. And let me just spend a little bit of time talking about how we’re positioning Key. We think that no matter how things play out, all banks like Key are going to have to carry more capital. And as a consequence of that, what we’re focusing on is really serving our clients through capital-light type businesses, specifically payments, which we’ve invested in for a long time, investment banking, which we referenced, our wealth business, which we think we have an opportunity to really grow, and lastly, something that we frankly haven’t capitalized on the degree that we could or should have to date, and that’s business banking. We’re a really good commercial bank. We’ve never really capitalized on the opportunity, in my opinion, to gather the deposits. That’s a business bank is a very deposit-centric business. So I just wanted to give you some insight of how we’re thinking about the business model going forward and how we continue to reposition Key.
Ken Usdin: Thank you, Chris.
Chris Gorman: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from John Pancari from Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Morning.
Chris Gorman: Hi, John.
John Pancari: Just on that loan growth topic, I know you had also indicated you do expect new loan origination to pick up as you look through 2024. I mean in what areas do you think that you’re going to be able to see the better opportunities begin to emerge? I know demand is modest as you just said, in loan utilization weaker. So what areas do you see that anecdotal evidence of a pickup that could drive accelerating originations and balance sheet growth as you look through 2024?
Chris Gorman: Sure. So the first area that I would say would be people doing strategic things. So sort of the whole transaction business, which is just starting to get legs under it. We have a significant backlog, for example, in M&A. That would be an opportunity, John. Other businesses that are really capital-intensive where we have leadership positions in are things like renewables. I was out calling with our renewables team last week, incredible amount of opportunity. By the way, this is partially inflationary because there’s a ton of stimulus around green energy. That’s a huge opportunity. Affordable housing, still a huge unmet need that is very, very capital intensive. And then I think you’ll start to see people really start to invest in property, plant and equipment. If we continue to get an acceleration in inflation, you’re going to see people start to go a little long on inventory. Those are the areas where I think there’ll be opportunities for loan growth. We’re not really seeing those right now, but I think they’ll develop over the course of the year, John.
John Pancari: Got it. Thanks for that Chris. Just related to that, is any of the weakness related to bond market disintermediation right now?
Chris Gorman: For sure. When you have record issuance of investment-grade debt and you have spreads that continue to grind in, there’s no question that, that plays a role.
John Pancari: Okay, thanks. And then lastly, on the IB and capital markets revenues, I know you indicated that you do expect some pullback in fees in the second quarter. In what areas is that in the IB area, just given the levels that you saw this quarter? And maybe if you can help quantify the magnitude of that pullback that you could see in the second quarter.
Chris Gorman: Yes. So let me kind of start at the top. From a backlog perspective, we are at record backlogs in our M&A business. Our backlogs are above where they were a quarter ago and they’re above where they were at year-end. Having said that, when the 10-year is gyrating around as it is, if the 10-year was just at 4.6%, I think there’d be a lot of transactions. But I think any time there’s this kind of volatility, it causes pause on certain transactions. And so that was really the premise of my comment as we look at what will come out of the backlog in the second quarter. And I’m sure because the first quarter was actually hospitable to getting transactions done, I’m sure some that would have been in the second quarter actually went into the first quarter.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Scott Siefers from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Chris, I was hoping you could address in a bit more detail the decision to build the reserve a bit more. It sounds like from your prepared remarks, you’re just sort of trying to be out in front of anything you might see in a higher-for-longer environment rather than anything you’re actually seeing today. Is that the right way to think about it? Or what are sort of the nuances in there?
Chris Gorman: Yes. Actually, it was completely proactive. I just – I’m of a mindset that we’re in this higher-for-longer. And as a consequence, we have been stressing all of our portfolio. And we – any time we do that, we start with anything that’s leveraged because that’s most vulnerable. And we also focus a lot on real estate. And so as we go through and we make assumptions that perhaps these rates will stay where they are for some time, that’s what’s driving it. And also we made some assumptions about – my view is we probably will have a recession. And that’s part of the – my macro view is part of the calculus as well.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then maybe we can go to expenses for a quick second. So just curious around how you’re thinking about expenses sort of holistically for the year insofar as we definitely are getting a more normalizing investment banking environment, which is great, but there could be cost accompanied with that. Within the expense outlook, what kind of provisions have you made for that IB recovery? And would you still be kind of comfortable with the guide even if that recovery comes back even more powerfully than it’s currently contemplated?
Clark Khayat: Yes. Hey Scott, it’s Clark. Thanks for the question. So look, we feel good on the guide kind of relatively stable, plus or minus 2%. That incorporates, as we talked about progression towards normalization. If we get something fuller, I think we can absorb that. Obviously, we weren’t expecting coming into the year to additional FDIC charge. So that’s an extra component. We will continue to look at ways to absorb that intelligently. But we think we can cover the impact of a strong investment banking year, which again, we expect to see even if the second quarter is a little bit later. So we did count, we think for that pretty well.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Okay, good. Thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question is from Manan Gosalia from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hi good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Manan Gosalia: I wanted to follow up on the Blackstone partnership and just in general, with partnerships with private credit. In terms of underwriting the loans, do you underwrite the loans? And is it your sole decision? Does private credit partner come in? And how does it impact spreads in term and structure as you do more of these relationships?
Clark Khayat: Hey Manan, it’s Clark. Thanks for the question. First of all, I think it’s just important to understand the rationale behind the partnership, and that is largely to support more clients not to manage capital or move loans off the balance sheet. It’s really for us, largely in our specialty finance area. That’s been growing very aggressively. It’s been an outstanding business, but we do think thoughtfully about managing credit concentrations, and this is the opportunity to do that and not limit the amount of clients we can serve. So I think that strategic rationale is really important. As it relates to underwriting, we basically run the business, do the underwriting, Blackstone has an option to participate in these credits if they fit their box. But obviously, if we entered and announced a relationship, we’ve been very deep with them on what the box looks like and what it reflects. And we think our business reflects market conditions as does their appetite. So we would expect this to go well. It’s a one-year deal, and we will test the relationship over the course of the year. We hope it goes very positively because if it does, we’re supporting a lot more clients and prospects in growing our business. And again, given our we think differentiated distribution model; we don’t necessarily always need to grow the balance sheet to grow the business. But this is a case where we would expect to actually do both. We’d expect to continue to grow this portfolio, but moderate some of that growth with a partner, we’ll get a modest asset management fee to do that one that we think makes sense to both sides and again we’ll test it through the year and if there’s more opportunities to do this with Blackstone or others will investigate those were they allow us to serve more clients and serve them better.
Manan Gosalia: So in addition to the fee side, does it also help you with deposits because you can have more relationships with larger corporates?
Clark Khayat: Yes, I mean last I check, Blackstone wasn’t in the business of taking deposits or providing payment services and we are, so we like those kind of deals.
Manan Gosalia: Fair enough. Okay, and then as a follow-up on the loan review, can you chosen more light on what you learned in specific industry as you know, which of the industries that are seeing more pressure, and then in your role as a special service as well on the commercial real estate side can you shed some more light on what you are seeing there?
Chris Gorman: Sure. Let me start if I could on what we are seeing in our servicing business. Our servicing business as you can imagine we look at what goes at in and out of active special servicing and as you can well imagine office continues to be the largest area by far. We have seen some multifamily start to go into our active special servicing. Those are typically deals that we’re done it very low cap rates that were highly leveraged and as a consequence are very sensitive to the significant rise in interest rates. As it relates to our strategic reviews I mentioned we start with anything that’s leveraged, but a few industries that I would bring out to your attention, one, obviously is real estate we spend a lot of time like in a real estate very sensitive to interest rates. The other one is health care. Health care is an area where we have a very significant strategic hold and there’s no question that there’s going to be a lot of consolidation in health care because a lot of health care companies are under a myriad of cost pressures. And the other thing – area where we saw some was just consumer services broadly. Those are the areas.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning. Hey Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I just had one follow-up, Chris. When you think – when you talked about your outlook for a recession, the stress testing on your loan book for the higher-for-longer, I guess the markets have generally been wrong expecting higher rates to push the economy into a recession. I guess from your perspective, bottoms up, when you assume higher-for-longer, do you see a lot of pain within your loan book six, 12, 18 months out that causes you to have that view? And I’m just trying to wonder – are higher-for-longer enough in a world where the economy could continue to surprise to the upside in terms of growth. Just how do you think about it, especially when you’re stress testing these loans?
Chris Gorman: So in terms of just higher-for-longer, as you look at our book and you look at 2024, higher-for-longer works just fine for us. That would – from an NII perspective, that would be the best outcome just from pure NII. I will tell you, I’d like to see a perfect scenario for Key would be a couple of cuts late in the year because I think that would be good for business, fees, deposits, transactions, et cetera. As I think about the economy, my sort of word of caution here is if you look at the labor market, the labor market is very strong by any metric. And I just think everyone assuming that there’s going to be a soft landing without damaging the labor market. I hope the markets are right about that. I’m not so sure. So that’s kind of – that’s sort of my thinking if that’s helpful.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That’s helpful. And I guess just bigger picture, I mean, I think it’s been an interesting last 12 months for Key in terms of RW [ph] optimization expense focus, et cetera. Remind us, as we look forward strategically, like the one or two things you’re most focused on? Is it still in terms of optimizing the balance sheet expenses growth, like how – what should we be thinking about as you think about just coming out of this and where the next leg of growth comes for the banks?
Chris Gorman: Sure. So coming out – so there’s no question that 2023 was a reset year for Key for all the reasons that you just pointed out, and I’m really proud of what we did shrinking RWAs by $14 billion, taking out about $400 million of expenses. Having said that, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we now, Ebrahim, are playing offense. And what that involves is us leaning into areas where we already have, I think, a good competitive position, payments, investment banking, wealth, and I mentioned business banking as well. Because I think as we go forward, the loan-to-deposit ratios are going to be really, really important. We, as you know, have taken our loan deposit ratio down to 77 [ph]. I think kind of mid-70s is where people are going to have to be as you lean into these businesses that are really kind of fee-centric businesses. So that’s where we’re leaning in. That’s where we’re investing.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi.
Chris Gorman: Hey, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Look, Chris, I know Capital Markets is your baby from times past. I guess when I look at 17% year-over-year growth, that was still lagging the big five U.S. players. So I’m just – good time to reminder of who is KeyBanc Capital Markets? What’s your mix among advisory, underwriting, equity underwriting? What’s your typical size of the client? What are your key metrics for KeyBanc Capital Markets? And where do you stand with regard to those metrics?
Chris Gorman: Sure. That’s a great question. Obviously, we, on a percentage basis, are more canted towards advisory. These are middle market companies, a lot of them aren’t going to the equity markets very often. And if there are huge equity deals, those are always led by both bracket firms. So ours is heavily canted towards M&A. The good news there, Mike, is that we’ve talked before, M&A pulls through a lot of the other things that we do, financing, hedging, et cetera. So we feel good about where we’re positioned. But the difference probably as you go – if you went through all the numbers, the difference would be that some of the largest banks, obviously, are the players in investment-grade issuance and the players in large equity issuance.
Clark Khayat: Yes. And on – Mike, it’s Clark. The only other point I’d add there is that a lot of the volume in the first quarter was $10 million plus deals or very, very large cap. And while we do some work with them, we are a middle market-focused bank. So I think that’s some of the delta and things like M&A.
Mike Mayo: And then when you talk about the multiplier effect from mergers because you said backlogs are up quarter-over-quarter, backlogs are up year-over-year. I guess you expect some good growth this year after the second quarter. How can you quantify that multiplier effect? Is that like 1.2x, 1.5x, 2x, does it vary?
Chris Gorman: It would be the latter. It varies, Mike. But I did say that – our M&A backlog is at record highs. And for us, that is the most important. Because if you think about it, if you have the relationship, the M&A relationship by definition, you’re talking to in these middle market businesses, the decision maker. So, I feel good about how we’re positioned. But keep in mind, these markets things are not yet normalized. They’re getting back to normal, but they’re not yet normalized. And as I mentioned earlier, it isn’t the absolute level of interest rates that I think is – has a dampening effect. I think the volatility in interest rates forces people to the sideline and to wait things out. And so we need some settling in of rates. It doesn’t much matter, frankly, where that is. As I said, a four, six tenure would be just fine to transact. But what we can’t have is just extreme volatility.
Mike Mayo: And then last one on that. Where is KeyBanc Capital Markets revenue when you look out over, say, a 10-year horizon? Because I know the whole industry was down by almost half last year and you’re kind of bouncing off low levels. But specifically for you guys, where are you?
Chris Gorman: Well, I mean I think if you look at our normalized investment banking, if you figure $600 million to $650 million in sort of normalized kind of times. And as you know, because you’ve followed us for some time, that’s been a double-digit CAGR. And there’s no reason why we can’t get back to that level of growth if you think about 10 years and you look at the 10 years prior.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Hey, thank you Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Gerard Cassidy from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Chris. Hi, Clark.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Clark Khayat: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Clark, you mentioned about the loan portfolio, how you purposely exited single credit relationships and Chris, you talked about building the business bank deposit base better. Can you guys give us some more color on these types of credits that you’ve pushed out, were they syndicated loans since it was only a loan relationship? And then the second, getting back to that business bank. Chris, how does that differ from the commercial banks? I think you said it’s two different business lines.
Chris Gorman: Yes. So let me take the first one first, Gerard. So in a lot of cases, well, we have a relationship strategy, and we had these relationship review sessions where we see what kind of penetration we get. And often, we let bankers many times, it starts by sort of lagging into being a participant in a sector that we’re really, really good, and we think we can do a lot of things and have a lot of capabilities. And it’s just a matter of being really disciplined. And if we actually provide a loan, and I’ve often said a properly graded loan can’t return its cost of capital. And so it actually is destroying value unless you can cross-sell. We’re really proud of what we can do. But if we can’t penetrate that client, we need to exit that client to free up the capital to put it someplace where we can make the kind of returns. And so that was just the exercise. Obviously, it had a huge amount of attention and our time frame of acceptance contracted a bit last year when we were going through the exercise. As it relates to business banking, it is the same business as middle market, except that you need to be really focused on the payments piece because, as I said, they’re mostly deposit-centric businesses. And that’s the reason that we restructured in November of last year and put our payments business together with our middle market business. And we think that’s going to be critical to being able to go down market and really serve these smaller commercial businesses that we think we have a differentiated product offering.
Gerard Cassidy: And Chris, when you talk about the deepening of the relationship with these customers, that may only have a loan or deposit relationship. Aside from payments, what are those other products that you can use to deepen that relationship to make it more profitable?
Chris Gorman: Well, sure. Well, it starts with – and certainly through last year’s exercise, the first thing that we went to customers and said, we need your deposits. So it starts as simple as getting the deposits. And I think 86% or so of our businesses, we have multidimensional relationships. The next thing that we focus on is payments. We’ve been investing in payments for a long time and for these middle market businesses. It’s not just moving money around, but it’s providing information, embedded banking and so forth. And then, of course, we have the ability to help them hedge. We have the ability to raise capital for them. And then obviously, the ultimate is being able to give them strategic advice. We’re fortunate that because we’re structured around industries, we can do all of those things, but we can’t do those things if the company isn’t receptive to our ideas.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then as a follow-up question, I know you guys addressed what you did in the deep dive for looking at the portfolios. In the criticized loan increase, can you give us the number one, two or three reasons a loan moved into criticized? Was it a loan-to-value degradation? Or was it a debt service coverage? What was kind of the main factors that pushed them into criticized?
Chris Gorman: It’s debt service coverage. So – with the first thing we focus on is debt service coverage, and for purposes of this we completely de-link any secondary source of repayment and we assume that the only source of repayment is the primary source, and that, of course, is straight up cash flow.
Gerard Cassidy: Appreciate it. Thank you, Chris.
Chris Gorman: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from the line of Peter Winter from D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Thanks. Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Winter: Chris, you mentioned in your opening remarks that you’re ready to play offense again, but sounded a little bit cautious on period-end loan growth. Can you just talk about the loan commitments, loan pipelines and how you’re thinking about loan utilization in the second half of the year?
Chris Gorman: Yes. So I don’t think those things are incongruent. We clearly are playing offense. We’re out hiring people. We’re focusing on the business that I’m mentioning. Having said that because of our business model we are not seeing huge loan demand and so if you think about utilization, we’re basically flat at 32% and we’ve been flat at 32% for the last few quarters. Our loan book is building, and there’s no question that our backlog is not – is higher than it was, but it’s not at historical standards.
Peter Winter: Got it. Okay.
Clark Khayat: And Peter, I might just say, sorry, it’s Clark. I might just say thematically, and I think Chris has hit this a couple of times, but maybe just to summarize a little bit. I think for us, when we say we’re playing offense we think that looks like disciplined loan growth in our targeted verticals, which we’ve been, I think very consistent about over time. I think it’s funded by quality deposit growth from commercial and consumer clients. And it’s monetized through a series of we think leading fee platforms that build that broader relationship. So we think that’s the recipe. And when we’re doing those things and they don’t always come together and they don’t always come necessarily in that order. But when we’re doing and running our business in the relationship manner that we intend to, that’s what it feels like.
Peter Winter: Got it. And then can I ask if the outlook is a pretty strong momentum in the margin for this year, and you’ve mentioned a more normalized margin is closer to 3%. Would you expect to get near that level maybe towards the end of next year?
Clark Khayat: Yes. I’m focused on confirming guidance for this year, Peter, but it’s a totally fair question. I do think it’s a function a little bit of the shape of the curve and absolute rates. But as I’ve said before, I think based on the business model we have in a normal kind of upward sloping to at least flatter yield curve, I think that’s achievable. So it is a function, I can’t predict where that yield curve is going to be in 2025. But I think as our positions burn off, we get more to the type of balance sheet we want to have and you get a little bit more normalized rate environment, regardless maybe of even absolute levels of rates, but just direction of the curve, I think that’s very achievable.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks for taking the question.
Clark Khayat: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: We do have a couple of other questions that just queued up. Steve Alexopoulos from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Janet Lee: Hello. This is Janet Lee on for Steve Alexopoulos. Just following-up on John’s question earlier on investment banking and capital markets; are you maintaining your stance that you are progressing towards this normal level of $600 million to $650 million range for IBs this year? Because if I look at absent a double-digit decline in IB fees in the second quarter. It looks like you’re on pace to exceed that normal level. Is that a fair way to describe? And where is that decline in IB fees expected in the second quarter, mostly coming from? Is that debt capital markets, commercial mortgage, can you provide more insight?
Clark Khayat: Yes. So this is Clark, Janet. So we would be consistent with where we were before, which is kind of that $600 million to $650 million range. We think that feels right. We do think there’s upside to that. But as Chris mentioned, we’ll be down in the second quarter, I think that’s a function, not necessarily any one area because the rate volatility, I think is causing some hesitancy in a few different places. That doesn’t change our outlook for the year, but I don’t think at this point, we’re totally prepared to say that will go to kind of a full normalized view.
Janet Lee: Okay. And just one follow up on your loan review. I understand that office CRE is a very small portion of your overall portfolio. And as you’ve done the reappraisals on the properties on I guess, including office, if you have, like what percentage of decline you’re generally seeing on your office? And what’s happening to the updated cash flows from the landlords? Any insight you could share on that?
Clark Khayat: Yes. I think we’ll have to come back a little bit on office just to make sure we have those numbers right. It’s not a huge portfolio, and while we’re watching it, I just don’t have those details in front of me.
Janet Lee: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Clark Khayat: Sure.
Operator: We do have a question from Gerard Cassidy from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. I have a quick follow-up for you guys. Clark, can you show – you talked about the Blackstone relationship. And I think you mentioned that they’ll participate in the specialty finance originations. How does this relationship differ from the other relationships you guys have had? Chris, obviously you’ve always pointed out the originate-to-distribute model is more of your key metrics here. And I was just curious how this one with Blackstone is going to differ from what you’ve already had in place for years?
Chris Gorman: Yes. So this is just a lot more formalized in that we actually work together, and we actually service it and we’re together focused on this certain asset class. But to your point, we’ve been distributing the preponderance of everything we originate forever, including to a lot of the credit funds. So it’s just – it’s a formalization and most importantly it’s a forward flow agreement. So whereas we’ve always participated on a deal-by-deal basis, this is an arrangement as we go forward.
Clark Khayat: And Gerard, just on the concentration point because it is a concentration management tool, this allows us to do it kind of at origination and not in this book historically. We didn’t do a lot of syndications. We would do securitizations on a client-by-client basis, but that takes time as you know. So this allows us to do it kind of on the fly as we’re going and manage that concentration.
Gerard Cassidy: I got it. And then just a quick follow-up on it. Have you guys just worked with Blackstone in the past before this agreement? Or is this your first initial foray with them?
Chris Gorman: No, we’ve worked on a transactional basis with Blackstone in the past for certain.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, Gerard.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a question from John Pancari from Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Sorry for the follow-up. Just one quick follow-up. Chris, you – I believe you just mentioned in discussing your criticized assets that you delink secondary source of repayment when you’re considering the credit ability to repay in your criticized status. So does that mean you exclude and don’t consider any recourse agreement that you have with either financial sponsors or the underlying borrower?
Chris Gorman: That’s correct. So we’re looking at straight up cash-on-cash. What’s the cash flow? What’s the ability to service the debt based on the cash flow?
John Pancari: Okay, so we got recourse.
Chris Gorman: That’s right.
John Pancari: Sorry. Go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Yes. So it’s a conservative perspective for sure. I’ll give you an example. We have – because I just looked through all these. We have a company that has a market cap of, say, $24 billion, but they’re having some near-term operational challenges. They, for example, would be on the list of criticized assets, just to give you an idea.
Clark Khayat: Yes. And just to be clear, as Chris said it’s the primary repayment for the risk rating, which is what gets the classified. We then take into account the secondary pieces when we think about ultimate loss content.
John Pancari: Right. Okay. Got it. Thanks Clark. All right. Appreciate it.
Operator: And we have a question from Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Just a big picture question. You stressed weak loan growth and I’m just wondering is that a sign the economy is not as strong as people think it is? I mean you’re in a lot of different states in the U.S. Or is it simply your commercial clients saying, "Hey, we want the borrowers going to wait for rates to drop"?
Chris Gorman: I think it’s both, Mike. I think I have not seen a lot of people making significant investments in property, plant and equipment and I’m not seeing people make significant investments in inventory, in technology and in people. So I think it’s a combination of both. I think rates clearly have an impact, but I think uncertainty as to the path and direction of the economy is also a factor.
Mike Mayo: Okay. So this is more concern among the decision makers about what’s their ultimate cost of capital due to the volatility in rates than it is some underlying, hey, we’re going into a recession right now.
Chris Gorman: No, I think it’s both. I’m not saying that they think we’re going to go into recession, but I think there’s just a lot of uncertainty about the path of the economy. Will the Fed engineer a soft landing, kind of very similar to the conversation we’ve been having this morning.
Mike Mayo: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Mike.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions in queue. Please continue with your closing remarks.
A - Chris Gorman: Well, thank you, operator. Again, thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team (216) 689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-18 09:00:00) =====
Clark Khayat - Chief Financial Officer: Vernon Patterson - Executive Vice President, Investor Relations
Operator:
[Call Starts Abruptly]: I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Gorman, KeyCorp's Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Thank you for joining us for KeyCorp's fourth quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today are Clark Khayat, our Chief Financial Officer; and our Chief Risk Officer, Darrin Benhart, who succeeded Mark Midkiff at the beginning of this year. On Slide 2, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosure and certain financial measures, including non-GAAP measures. These statements cover our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I am now moving to Slide 3. This morning, we reported earnings of $30 million or $0.03 per share. Our results included $209 million of after-tax expenses or $0.22 per share from three items that Clark will describe in more detail later. For the year, we reported EPS of $0.88 including $0.27 impact from similar types of expenses. Fourth quarter closes out a challenging year for the industry and for Key. While our business fundamentals remain solid throughout the year, we acknowledge that our balance sheet coming into the year was not well positioned for the rapid rise in interest rates that transpired. We took a number of necessary steps as we move through the year to enhance our balance sheet liquidity and capital position, in preparation for potential changes in capital rules, positioning ourselves to be a simpler, smaller, more profitable bank. These actions also had some near-term financial impacts. As a result, we missed our own expectations and yours. However, as we turn the page to 2024, I think it is really important to step back and recognize that Key accomplished a number of positive things last year and as a result, I am confident we have laid the groundwork as we move forward. First and most importantly, throughout the year the tremendous work and dedication of our teammates allowed us to continue to serve and support our clients through turbulent market conditions, particularly in the first half of the year. I am very thankful and proud of our teammates as they set aside the noise affecting our industry, stepped up and continue to focus on executing on our strategic priorities and steadfastly serving our clients. Our focus on relationships continue to guide our balance sheet optimization efforts. In 2023, we reduced loans by $7 billion as we deemphasize credit-only and other non-relationship business. Despite this meaningful reduction in lending, we grew the number of relationship clients and households we serve across both our consumer and commercial businesses and grew deposits by $3 billion. In consumer, we grew relationship households by 3%, with about two-thirds of new relationships coming from younger demographics. Relationship deposits grew by 1%. Commercial clients grew 4% and commercial balances grew 5% as a result of our continued focus on primacy. About 96% of our commercial deposits were from clients that had an operating account with Key as of December. As a result of our ability to raise relationship deposits, while reducing loans, we were able to meaningfully reduce our reliance on wholesale funding as the year progressed. We also continue to raise significant capital for the benefit of our clients, over $80 billion in 2023, leveraging our unique distribution capabilities. This proven and mature underwrite-to-distribute model is a key differentiator for us. On expenses, we made significant headway in simplifying and streamlining our businesses. We exited certain capital intensive and non-relationship businesses such as vendor finance, as we have previously done with Indirect auto. In November, we announced a number of organizational changes, including the reorganization and consolidation of our commercial banking and payments businesses. We also realigned our real estate capital business with those of our institutional bank. By aligning product-based teams to the client facing businesses they serve, we are reducing overhead and complexity and creating a better client and prospect experience. Altogether, these actions we took in '23 impacted 6% of our teammates. Additionally, we continue to rationalize our non-branch, non-operation center real estate footprint, which has declined by 34% over the past three years. We do not take these decisions lightly, but the reality is, we need to make the difficult decisions today to earn the right to invest in the opportunities of tomorrow. Last year's actions freed up over $400 million on an annualized basis that we will redeploy to deliver value for our clients and drive future growth. More broadly, these actions combined with our ongoing disciplined expense management have enabled us to hold core expenses essentially flat at $4.4 billion annually over the past two years and that is in spite of inflationary headwinds facing our industry. On the capital front, our risk-weighted assets decreased by $14 billion from the beginning of the year, exceeding our full year optimization goal of $10 billion. Concurrently, we also increased our common equity Tier 1 numerator through net capital generation. As a result, Our CET1 ratio increased by 90 basis points to 10% at year-end, well above our targeted capital range of 9% to 9.5%. Our capital metrics, including AOCI also improved as lower interest rates and the continued pull to par over time of the unrealized losses in our investment portfolio drove over $1 billion of improvement in our AOCI over the past year. Tangible book value and tangible common equity ratios both improved meaningfully. Overall, our capital position remains strong. We are well positioned relative to our capital priorities and the currently proposed future capital requirements. In fact, we think we're advantaged relative to other category for banks, given our underwrite-to-distribute model and the asset and capital light businesses that we have, including a scaled wealth business with $55 billion of assets under management. Also, I want to comment on credit quality, which I believe is the most important determinant of return on tangible common equity and shareholder value over time. Credit quality remains a clear strength of key. Our credit measures reflect the derisking we have done over the past decade and our distinctive underwrite-to-distribute model. Net charge offs were 26 basis points in the fourth quarter and 21 basis points for the full year. Our NPAs, which we firmly believe have very low loss content, remain well below our historical averages. The quality of our loan portfolio continues to serve us well, with over half of our C&I loans rated as investment grade or the equivalent. Our consumer clients have a weighted average FICO score of approximately 768 at origination. As a reminder, we have limited exposure to leverage lending, office loans and other high-risk categories. Two-thirds of our commercial real estate exposure is multifamily, of which approximately 40% is in affordable housing, which continues to be a significant and unmet need in this country. As we move to 2024, I want to provide my key takeaways from the guidance that Clark will walk you through in more detail shortly. First, we have a clearly defined net interest income opportunity moving forward as our short-term swaps and treasuries reprice, particularly in the second half of the year. Importantly, we believe this can be achieved across a range of interest rate scenarios as a result of the significant work the team has done over the past year to improve our balance sheet resiliency. We began to see some of that work payoff this quarter as our net interest income grew slightly relative to the third quarter. Our momentum makes me confident that we saw our net interest margin bottom out in the third quarter of 2023. Secondly, we have leading positions and meaningful growth opportunities across capital markets, payments and wealth management. We have consistently invested through the cycle in these differentiated fee businesses where we have targeted scale. We continue to see good client engagement and our pipelines remain strong. Any normalization in the capital markets represents an upside opportunity for Key, not only for fees but from the balance sheet management perspective that I spoke about earlier. Thirdly, while the macroeconomic outlook remains highly uncertain, based on our current assumptions, we anticipate we will generate moderate positive operating leverage for the full year 2024. Finally, we continue to expect that we will outperform the industry this cycle with respect to credit. Credit quality remains one of our most significant strengths. Over the next several quarters, we continue to expect to operate below our through-the-cycle net charge-off range of 40 to 60 basis points. In summary, we acknowledge 2023 was a challenging year. Difficult, but necessary decisions were made and actions were taken. But at this point, we are nearly finished with that process. Our balance sheet is now appropriately sized for the environment in which we are operating. We are better positioned for changes in interest rates up or down. Our demonstrated ability to manage and grow our deposits proves to be a strong foundation. We are now in a position where we can be more opportunistic as we turn the page to 2024. Before I turn it over to Clark, I want to take a moment to acknowledge last week, we announced Vernon Patterson's retirement from Key. As Head of IR, Vernon has led Key through 112 earnings releases and countless meetings with investors and other stakeholders. I am so grateful Vernon to have worked alongside you. I have tremendous appreciation Vernon for the great relationships you have throughout our industry and within our company. So thank you again, Vernon. At the same time, I am pleased to welcome Brian Mauney as our new Director of Investor Relations. With more than 25 years of experience in our industry, Brian brings a depth and variety of experience and capabilities to the role. While he has big shoes to fill, I'm very pleased that Brian has joined the team. With that, I will turn it over to Clark to provide more details on the results for the quarter. Clark?
Clark Khayat: Thanks, Chris. I would echo your comments on Vern and a warm welcome to Brian as well. I am now on Slide 5. For the fourth quarter, net income from continuing operations was $0.03 per common share, down $0.26 from the prior quarter and down $0.35 from last year. Our results this quarter were impacted by three items totaling $0.22 per share, first, $190 million from an FDIC special assessment, second, $67 million from an efficiency related expense, and third, $18 million from a pension settlement charge, for a total of $275 million pre-tax or $209 million after tax. A breakdown of these items can be found in the last page of our slide presentation. Our fourth quarter results were generally consistent with the guidance we provided last month. As expected, we saw stability in the non-interest income line this quarter and our net interest margin increased by 6 basis points relative to the third quarter as we began to see some early benefits from our swap and treasury portfolios. Fees declined 5% sequentially on the better end of the range we provided last month. Expense growth was primarily attributable to the three items I mentioned. Without these items, expenses would have been relatively stable compared to the third quarter. Net charge-offs as a percent of loans remained low at 26 basis points and we added $26 million to our allowance for credit losses to reflect some modest migration of the portfolio, primarily in real estate and the still uncertain macro outlook. Additionally, as Chris highlighted in his remarks, our results reflect our focus on primacy and building relationships, our improved capital position and our strong risk discipline. Turning to Slide 6. Average loans for the quarter were $114 billion, down 3% from both the year ago period and prior quarter. The decline in average loans was primarily driven by a reduction in C&I balances, which were down 4% from the prior quarter. The reduction reflects our planned balance sheet optimization efforts, which prioritize full relationships and deemphasize credit only and non-relationship business. We reduced risk-weighted assets by $4 billion in the fourth quarter and as Chris mentioned, by approximately $14 billion in 2023. The majority of the decline in risk-weighted assets this quarter was from lower loan balances with some reduction in unused commitments also contributing. We would expect modest RWA reductions in the first half of 2024. Turning to Slide 7, Key's long-standing commitment to primacy continues to deliver a stable, diverse base of core deposits for funding. Despite a year of market volatility, we grew period-end deposits year-over-year by $3 billion and average deposits were relatively stable compared to the year ago period and prior quarter. On a sequential basis, commercial deposits grew 4%, which we attribute primarily to seasonal build and consumer deposits grew 1%. The increase in commercial and consumer deposits was mostly offset by a $2 billion decline in broker deposits on average as we continue to improve the quality of our funding mix by growing core relationship balances and reducing reliance on wholesale funding and broker deposits. Since the end of the first quarter, we generated almost $13 billion of liquidity by reducing loans and growing relationship deposits and reduced wholesale borrowings by $12 billion. Our total cost of deposits was 206 basis points in the fourth quarter and our cumulative deposit beta, which includes all interest-bearing deposits, was 49% since the Fed began raising interest rates, in line with our prior guidance of approaching 50% by year-end 2023. The higher rate environment continued to impact our deposit mix as our noninterest-bearing deposits declined by 1% sequentially to 22%. Pressure on deposit pricing appears to be abating across the franchise that we expect some mix shift to continue as long as rates remain high. Turning to Slide 8. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $928 million for the fourth quarter, down 24% from the year ago period and up slightly from the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.07% for the fourth quarter compared to 2.73% for the same period last year and 2.01% for the fourth quarter the prior quarter. Year-over-year net interest income and the net interest margin reflect the impact of higher interest rates as increased cost of interest-bearing deposits and borrowings outpaced the benefit from higher year earning asset yields. Additionally, the balance sheet experienced a shift in funding mix from noninterest-bearing deposits to higher cost interest-bearing deposits. Relative to the third quarter, the increase in net interest income and net interest margin were driven by actions taken to manage key interest rate risk, elevated levels of liquidity and improved funding mix. The increase was partly offset by higher interest-bearing deposit costs, which exceeded the benefit from higher earning asset yields. While the planned reduction in loan balances adversely impacted net interest income sequentially, it benefited Key's net interest margin. Our net interest margin and net interest income continue to reflect the headwind from our short dated treasuries and swaps which together reduced net interest income by $345 million this quarter or by $1.4 billion for the full year and lowered our net interest margin by 77 basis points this quarter. As previously discussed during our third quarter earnings call, in October, we terminated $7.5 billion of received fixed cash flow swaps, which were scheduled to mature throughout 2024. Last quarter, we said that net interest margin would bottom and it did. Throughout 2024, we would expect continued benefit from the maturities of our short-term swaps and treasuries, especially as more mature in the back half of the year. Moving to Slide 9, non-interest income was $610 million for the fourth quarter of 2023, down $61 million from the year ago period and down $33 million from the third quarter. The decrease in non-interest income from a year ago reflects a $36 million decline in investment banking and debt placement fees, driven by lower syndication fees and M&A advisory. Additionally, corporate services income declined $22 million driven by lower customer derivatives trading revenue. The decrease in non-interest income from the third quarter reflects a $13 million decrease in other income, primarily driven by a gain on a loan sale in the prior quarter. I'm now on Slide 10. Total non-interest expense for the quarter was $1.4 billion, up $216 million from the year-ago period and up $262 million from last quarter. As mentioned, fourth quarter results reflect $275 million of impact from FDIC assessment, efficiency related expenses and pension settlement charge. Efficiency related expenses included $39 million related to severance and $24 million of corporate real estate rationalization and other contract termination or renegotiation cost. Excluding these items, expenses were relatively stable in the quarter and down compared to the year-ago period. We continue to proactively manage our expense base and simplify and streamline our business so we can continue to reinvest in all our businesses. Moving to Slide 11. Overall credit quality and our related outlook remains solid. For the fourth quarter, net charge-offs were $76 million or 26 basis points of average loans. This compares to $71 million in the prior quarter. Criticized outstanding to period end loans increased 50 basis points this quarter driven by movements in real estate, healthcare and consumer goods. While nonperforming loans and criticized loans continue to move up off their historical lows, we believe Key is well positioned in terms of potential loss content. Over half of our NPLs are still current. Our provision for credit losses was $102 million for the fourth quarter, including $26 million of reserve build, and our allowance for credit losses to period-end loans increased from 1.54% to 1.60%. Turning to Slide 12, we significantly increased our capital position throughout 2023. We ended the fourth quarter with common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10%, up 20 basis points from the prior quarter and up 90 basis points from the year-ago period. We remain focused on building capital in advance of newly proposed capital rules, while continuing to support relationship client activity and the return of capital. As such, we expect to stay above our current targeted range of 9% to 9.5% and do not expect to be buying back our stock in the near-term. Our AOCI position improved by $1.4 billion this quarter. The right side of this slide shows Key's go-forward expected reduction in our AOCR mark based on two scenarios. The forward curve is December 31st, which assumes 6 FOMC rate cuts in 2024 and another scenario where rates remain at their current levels. In the forward curve scenario, the AOCI mark is expected to decline by approximately 24% by the end of 2024 and 34% by the end of 2025, which would provide approximately $1.8 billion of capital build through that time frame. In the flat rate scenario, we still achieved 90% of that benefit between now and year-end 2025. Said differently, we still accrete $1.6 billion of capital rates remained flat to current levels, driven by maturities, cash flow and time. Slide 13 provides our outlook for 2024 relative to 2023. Given uncertainty regarding eventual timing and extent of Fed interest rate cuts in 2024, our guidance reflects outputs from a few potential scenarios ranging from the December 31st forward curve, which assumes 625 basis point cuts over the course of 2024, starting with an initial cut in March to a scenario more closely aligned with the Fed's dot plots, which currently assumes three rate cuts. We expect average loans to be down 5% to 7%, mostly reflecting the actions we have already taken over the course of 2023. In other words, the vast majority of the decline in average loans is a function of our reductions in 2023 and are reflected in our year-end balance. We expect period-end loans at the end of 2024 to be relatively stable compared to the end of 2023, with some decline in the first half of the year, offset by growth expected in the second half of 2024. We expect average deposits to be flat to down 2%. Net interest income is expected to be down 2% to 5%, mostly reflecting the lower fourth quarter exit rate relative for the first half of 2023. This equates to net interest income in 2024 that is up low-single-digits relative to our annualized fourth quarter exit rate. I'll provide more color on our net interest income outlook shortly. We expect non-interest income to be up 5% or better with upside if capital market activity normalizes and market levels and GDP trends remain constructive. Non-interest expense should be relatively stable at about $4.4 billion as we realize the benefits from our 2023 efficiency actions. We will continue to tightly manage our cost base, including executing on additional opportunities to simplify and streamline our organization. At the same time, we will continue to protect and invest in our franchise, including most importantly our people. As Chris mentioned, our guidance suggests moderate positive operating leverage in 2024, driven by meaningful expansion in the second half of the year outpacing tough comparisons in the first half. For the year, we expect credit quality to remain strong and net charge-offs to continue to modestly increase to the 30 to 40 basis point range, still well below our over-the-cycle range of 40 to 60 basis points. Our guidance for our GAAP tax rate is approximately 20%. Turning to Slide 14. Given heightened investor focus on this topic, we wanted to provide a little more granularity than we have in the past, about the pacing of our net interest income opportunity as we move through 2024. Hopefully by now you're familiar with our well-defined net interest income tailwind as the impact of our short-term swaps roll-off and treasuries mature, especially in the back half of 2024. The ultimate opportunity remains largely unchanged at approximately $900 million. As a reminder, the benefit increases each quarter as more of the swaps roll off and treasuries mature, culminating in the full amount in the first quarter of 2025. So, this all builds quarter by quarter since the initial set of swaps came off the books in the first quarter of 2023. As we turn the page on 2023, we are nearing the halfway point of this journey. Since we're now through three full quarters, we're sharing a three-part view. First, on the left in light gray are the three quarters of benefit we've already realized. In total for 2023, that was approximately $85 million of additional income. The next four bars show the progression through 2024. As you see the value builds from each quarter's tranche and accrues in the following quarter. Each bar represents the value for the quarter. In other words, in 1Q '24, we expect to realize $78 million of additional net interest versus 1Q '23 from these positions. For 2024, we estimate the benefit to ultimately $500 million in total, which is the sum of the four quarterly bars. This would represent an increase of more than $400 million over the benefit received in 2023, which as previously mentioned was approximately $85 million. The final bar to the far right, which has been the main focus of this discussion over the last year or so is the first quarter 2025 number. This shows the benefit currently estimated for the quarter at approximately $220 million for essentially the entire swap and short-term treasury portfolios rolling off. Again, this is incremental to 1Q '23 and represents an annualized value of approximately $900 million. We believe the reinvestment of these fixed rate assets and swaps represents an outsize the opportunity for Key relative to our peers, but it's also important to remember that this is just one component that drives our net interest income outlook. On Slide 15, we provide other key inputs and assumptions driving our NII outlook, deposit betas, balances and mix, loan growth as well as seasonal factors. Putting this all together, we expect our first quarter NII to be down 3% to 5% from the fourth quarter. From there, we expect to grow and start to accelerate in second half of the year as the pace of swaps and U.S. Treasury maturities pick up meaningfully at nearly $5 billion in aggregate per quarter. From the fourth quarter of 2023 to the fourth quarter of 2024, we expect our quarterly net interest income to grow 10% plus and exit the year north of $1 billion. We would also expect the net interest margin to improve meaningfully to the 2.40% to 2.50% range by the end of 2024. This will put us on a strong trajectory as we enter 2025. With that, I will now turn the call back to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Peter Winter with D.A. Davidson.
Peter Winter: Clark, a lot of good color on the net interest income with those slides. But can you just go into a little bit more detail about the moving parts to the net interest income opportunity and maybe some other factors that impacts your outlook. And then secondly, if you could talk about the quarterly NII progression, you gave us the first quarter down 3%, but clearly, it's going to be a pretty meaningful uptick in the second half of the year?
Clark Khayat: Sure. Thanks, Peter, and appreciate the question. I know this is a point of interest. So let me provide a little bit of context to the guide and the trajectory and hopefully it will be helpful. I think first maybe just start with the puts and takes, which I think is the nature of your question there. And I'm going to just categorize sort of the big movers. I think, one, loan balances, which again we guided kind of down 5% to 7% for the year. Asset yields, I'm going to separate those from the swaps and treasuries, because I just want to identify those separately. Deposit balances, deposit pricing and funding costs and then the swaps and treasury portfolio. So, if you think about those as kind of five key levers on the guide. If I go full-year '23 to full-year '24, which we've said down 2% to 5%. The headwinds there are going to be the loan book, so down 5% to 7%. Obviously, that's going to impact NII, deposits flat to down is a little bit of drag. Earning asset yields will drop year-over-year as rates get cut. And then deposit and funding costs will be up for the year as that fourth quarter kind of annualized number rolls through. So those are the headwinds. What we have coming our way is the swaps in the treasury portfolio as they mature throughout the year. And then a better funding mix as we move through and become more and more reliant on deposits as we have this year. So that sort of dimensionalizes what that year-over-year look shakes out to be. If you take the fourth quarter of '23 annualized and you compare that to the full-year '24, we’re guiding up low-single-digits there. The biggest difference being that that funding cost, that really is pretty flat from fourth quarter through 2024, which it was not the case if you did the year-over-year comparison. And you still get the benefits of swaps and treasuries coming in during the year and a better funding mix. So you start to see that down 2% to 5%, flip to up low-single-digits. We talked a little bit about the first quarter being down, but let me just go fourth quarter to fourth quarter, so I think that exit piece is important. You're going to have deposits down a bit and earning asset that yields down a bit going from fourth quarter of '23 to fourth quarter of '24, but you get a nice pickup in the quarterly swap and treasury portfolio. Our overall funding cost should be down in that quarter as rates have been cut throughout the year. And then again, you still have some benefits of funding mix. And all that together, we think is 10% plus quarter-to-quarter NII growth. So we think that's a nice pickup kind of end of year to end of year. And then as you roll into 2025, you have that last $5 billion tranche of treasuries and swaps maturing in the fourth quarter that accrues to the first quarter of '25. So we start to hit the ground running really nicely with a very steep trajectory as we enter ‘25. So I'll stop there. That was a lot of stuff, but just trying to give you the components that are moving around.
Peter Winter: And just what are you expecting or assuming in terms of the forward curve and the timing of the rate cuts?
Clark Khayat: So, our guide of 2% to 5% kind of incorporates a couple of different views, kind of the range being the current forward down 6% with the first cut in March, incorporating the lesser cuts on the three Fed dot plots. I think our general view is more aligned to four cuts with the first one middle of the year. But we're trying to provide guidance that I think incorporates all that. And as you know, when those cuts occur and the magnitude of that will roll through to how we manage our deposit pricing obviously.
Peter Winter: And then, Vern, congratulations on the announcement. It's just been a pure pleasure working with you and the investment community will be missing you.
Vernon Patterson: Thank you, Peter.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers: Thanks for all the moving pieces in the NII color. I guess, Clark, you've discussed the 3% sort of normalized margin, I know we get sort of one final uplift between fourth quarter of next year and first part of 2025. So, I think the way you've guided to fourth quarter of next year gets you a lot of the way there, but certainly still some room left over. Is the 3% normalized margin kind of still where you're bogeying and what has to happen to get us to that sort of range?
Clark Khayat: Yes. Thanks, Scott. So, if you just go back and we've talked a little bit about this and it's overly simplistic to be clear. But if we took second, third and fourth quarter of '23 and put the impact of swaps and treasuries back in the margin, we'd be 281 to284 in those quarters, which we think is pretty reflective of what we've got right now and that's with this sort of oddly longstanding downward sloping yield curve. So, I think that range as we get into '25 feels like achievable and I think getting to that longer term three, probably needs us to have a more traditional upward slipping yield curve just that tends to accrue a little bit to all of our benefit on NIM. But I do think that 280 plus is pretty reflective of the underlying core ability of the business as it stands today.
Scott Siefers: And then either Clark or Chris, just the fee guidance, feels like you're approaching with an abundance of conservatism regarding the capital markets outlook. Just curious if you could maybe put a finer point on what sort of recovery you are, presuming what kind of upward leverage there might be if things do normalize?
Chris Gorman: Sure, Scott. Happy to address that. So if you take what we just reported of $136 million specifically on the line you asked about investment banking and debt placement fees, that would annualize at about 5.44. Conversely, if you took sort of the business and removed 2021 and said that's an outlier, the traditional run rate is at least kind of $650 million. So, I think we have been conservative, and that's why we, when we gave guidance, we said non-interest income up 5 plus and then we put the qualifier upside of capital markets activity normalizes. We don't see it really normalizing until the back half of the year. However, it's an interesting phenomenon when the 10-year went above 5% and then came back down. As you can imagine, people started to transact. And so, we're seeing the beginning of it now, but yes, it's a conservative number. The other thing that's in that fee number is, you saw that we had a step down with respect to our derivatives and hedging income. A lot of that is tied to the balance sheet and as we go through 2024 and we get back to growing the balance sheet after going through our exercise on RWAs, you'll see that come back as well.
Operator: Next, we go to John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: First, congratulations, Vern. Best of luck. You're a legend. And Brian, welcome. Looking forward to working with you again. Question on the, a little bit more on the NII dynamics. Wanted to get your thoughts on, if we do see the cuts materialize as you had baked in your expectations, what type of deposit beta you expect is achievable on the initial cuts? And how would you think about accumulative on the way down? And what is factored into your net interest income outlook in terms of that beta?
Chris Gorman: So I'll start with that and then I'm going to flip it over to Clark. A couple of things to keep in mind. We have a big commercial franchise. And so 40% of our deposits, $145 billion are commercial and of those about two-third are either indexed or index like. Now on the other side of the equation, we've been pretty conservative in assuming that as the first cuts, particularly if they aren't steep cuts, that we'll continue to get drift up on the consumer side. Also, we’ve forecasted just a bit of continued transition from interest-bearing to noninterest-bearing, but we think we've sort of bottomed out there. Clark, what would you add to that?
Clark Khayat: Yes. So maybe broadly, John, on the NII guide, we would expect some drift up, particularly in the first quarter on deposit pricing just as rates stay high. As Chris said, when the cuts come, I think a good way to think about that commercial book, as we've talked about the index nature of it, as Chris just referenced, is sort of kind of an almost automatic mid-teens beta on a cut, because of that how that index pulls through. So the question really is going to be what happens to the consumer book and how quickly can we move that. I think a 25 basis point cut with a kind of long waiting period. Does it provide a lot of opportunity to reduce? If we start to see bigger cuts or cut sooner or more rapid cuts that allows us to deploy those price reductions into the book. So right now, as I’ve said, we're really looking at kind of our view is more like the four cuts starting in the middle of the year. We think we'll probably have some stabilization, maybe a little a bit of consumer drift through that time period. And then we'll start to proactively move rates down. But given the timeframe and 2024, hard to say exactly what the beta will be on the way down for the year. But it's really going to pick up in '25. We'll see some benefit in '24, but on the consumer book, it's just going to lag a little bit. And candidly, that's just going to be as much a competitive function of competitive environment as anything else. But we are taking some actions in the consumer book today to prepare for cuts. We're not cutting rates, but preparing our franchise to be ready for that. And I think we'll be very proactive when that opportunity shows up.
Chris Gorman: And frankly, all markets are not the same. We're out there experimenting with a few things as we speak.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. And then separately, on the credit front, can you give us a little bit more color on the 25% increase in nonperformers in the quarter? And maybe a little more color on the criticized asset increase? And I know your commercial real estate NPL ratio now is 6.9%. What was that last quarter? Was that the biggest increase in the nonperformers?
Clark Khayat: Yes, I'll come back to you on the increase from third quarter. I don't have that right in front of me. But on your other points, the NPA uptick really is a small list of identified credits, most of which we feel very good about the loss content. So it is a pickup in the ratio, but we don't think that's a loss driver. On criticized, look, that is a function of continued higher rates, putting some stress on what I'd call kind of the first order rating variable around debt service coverage. So that does drive rating migration in our book. That rating migration does pull through to criticized and classified. But when you get underneath that metric and you look at things like clients' willingness to build the interest reserve and the value of the collateral given, we tend to underwrite at 60% or lower CLTVs out of the gate, we just don't see a lot of loss content there.
John Pancari: And just one clarification, so it was primarily C&I related in terms of the NPA increase or CRE?
Chris Gorman: There were three specific credits, one of which was real estate.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley.
Manan Gosalia : I wanted to extend my best to Vern as well. And I just wanted to say we really appreciate all your help over there. So a big thank you. And then on my question, I think you said you still expect some modest RWA reduction in the first half of 2024. Is that all coming from the loan book? And as we think about the long end of the curve staying here or even moving lower, you should have a lot more clarity on accreting that AOCI back over time. So, what would you need to start leaning into loan growth a little or deploying capital elsewhere?
Chris Gorman : Sure. So, we are about where we need to be in terms of going through our whole portfolio. As we went through and we're looking and focused on RWAs, really was sort of in three buckets, and we actually went account by account. And I've often said that on a risk-adjusted basis, stand-alone credit properly graded can't return its cost of capital. And so we were extremely prescriptive across the entire firm of going through that. On top of that, we exited some businesses like vendor finance that, by the way, is a credit-only business. And then on top of that, there were certain areas where we were conservative in terms of our capital treatment, where we could actually reduce RWAs without, in fact, having any impact on NII. That process is really over. When I say the process is over, we will continue, obviously, to look through our portfolio. But in terms of really seeing the step down in RWAs, as you saw last year, $14 billion, that's behind us. And so as we look forward, Clark talked about sort of the lag from the starting point on loan growth. But as you know, we have the ability to generate loan growth here at Key. We've got a long history of that. We'll be back kind of focused on serving our clients. Now having said that, I personally have a view, everyone is sort of coalesced around the soft landing. I think inflation is still pretty sticky. I think there's a bunch of drivers out there. We're managing the business for a short recession in 2024. And obviously, that goes into our thinking, because if you think about working capital in the context of a shrinking economy, that shrink some loan demand. The other thing that we have to grow through, and this is by design, is we're going to have $3 billion of runoff in our consumer business. I hope that helps kind of on the puts and takes. When there's business to be done from a loan perspective, I'm confident that we can get it.
Clark Khayat: The only other thing I'd add, Manan, is just to reground everybody in the average-to-average move. So 118 billion of average in '23, ending point 112.6 So most of that decline in loans happened last year. We're pulling that through. There may be a little bit more, as we said in the first quarter, maybe into the second quarter, as some of that non-relationship business continues to move out. But we'll see the build back through the course of the year and expect the ending of '24 to be relatively stable with where we exit '23. So we'll see a rebound. And to Chris' point, if there's less softness in the economy and more opportunity, then we'll lean into that opportunity.
Manan Gosalia: That's very helpful. And then for my follow-up, as we look out into 2025, there's a lot of puts and takes here on the NII side. But what's the most optimal rate environment for Key? Is it six rate cuts and then an upward sloping yield curve, is that the most optimal environment? Or would you rather see a higher short-end rate and a flatter yield curve?
Clark Khayat: I think -- look, I think an upward sloping yield curve benefits the business broadly. I'm not as concerned at the moment about four cuts or six cuts as we move through the year, while we're liability sensitive today. As we move through the year and swaps and treasury portfolios burn off, we're going to slightly become more asset-sensitive naturally. So we really want to be neutral and able to operate in any of those environments. But if I had my choice broadly, I think upward sloping yield curve is always a valuable place for us to be in this business.
Operator: And our next question is from Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian: So I apologize, one more question on net interest income. I think the stock is a little bit soft today because consensus was expecting quarterly positive progression on the net interest margin, given the fixed rate opportunity. And I'm just wondering in context of the modest RWA reductions, Clark, that you're forecasting or you're telling us is happening over the first half of the year. How much of that is impacting the NII trajectory? And are those RWAs being reduced through credit-linked notes that could impact the net interest income? And then as a follow-up to that, as we think past the first half of the year, do you feel like we've moved -- going back to what Chris has said, the process is over, is that a cleaner way to think about where your balance sheet is or has to be relative to where you think the capital could be in the second half of the year? In other words, there won't be any more wholesale actions that can impact this NII and NIM trajectory.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So thank you, Erika. Good question, as always. So the decline in the first half, again, is the continuation of some actions we took to manage RWAs last year. So again, relationship -- non-relationship and credit-only related clients coming down. We don't have anything factored in at the moment around RWA management related to credit-linked notes. As you and I have talked about before, we're doing our homework to understand those opportunities, but it's not part of the guidance at the moment. Really, it would be that loan reduction, and that will put a little bit of pressure on first quarter, as will the fact that rates remain high in the first quarter under almost any cutting scenario, and we'll have a little bit of beta drift. So that's really the first quarter pressure. But I think your point about kind of a clean balance sheet entering the second half is the right one. And I think, again, we're suggesting kind of a tepid recession kind of mid to late year and if that doesn't come through, and we see a more constructive economic environment, I think there's some opportunity to grow loans. But I do think as we progress through the year, you'll see NIM expand, you'll see NII grow nicely and you'll see the balance sheet, I think, on the right trajectory.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my second question is a bit of a two quarter as I'm trying to squeeze it in. One, Clark, I think when I first met you, I was very impressed by how you were so good at understanding where your funding needs and funding sources. So my question for you is, are these two-thirds of your commercial deposits in commercial, are they truly indexed on the way down, right? There's a few regional banks have warned us that they're indexed on the way up and perhaps more negotiated on the way down. And I guess the other question is that, is it possible to break down on Slide 14 on your maturity schedule, what would the treasury's component be and the swap component, only because, obviously, there's a lot of debate on whether or not the cuts in the curve will happen, which clearly impacts some of the math behind the swaps?
Clark Khayat: Yes. So the second one, Erika, is easy. We've -- I think we've provided that breakout before we'll deliver it. That's not a problem at all. On the first, I think, look, it's a fair point because not all of those commercial deposits are contractually indexed. So, I think that's the right question. There's always a little bit of -- it’s easy to negotiate with the client when you're giving them rate, and it's a little bit harder when you're taking it away. But I would say, our view is while it may not perfectly pull through, we have spent a lot of time with these clients. We've been in front of them, probably more than we would care to admit over the last year, but in a way that I think we have a good understanding of how those dynamics would work. And we expect that the component of what we think is our indexed will come through. And just as a reminder, the -- when we say indexed, it's not all 100% index. So there's a range of that. So bringing a client down is indexed kind of 50% doesn't feel as challenging to negotiate than somebody who's coming down at 100% plus. And so the book is pretty broadly distributed across 20% to 100%, and we're going to actively engage those clients to make sure we can manage the book appropriately.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And [indiscernible], Vern.
Vernon Patterson: Thanks, Erika.
Operator: Next, we move to the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Just a quick clarification. The fee guidance of 5%, you walked through a lot of detail on that on banking. Does that assume the 4Q annualized level, the kind of up $100 million more normal level or somewhere between?
Clark Khayat: It's a little bit in between, Matt, probably a little more leaning toward the higher number, but we do think if markets kind of fully normalized, we'd see a little bit outside. So, it’s better than the annualized fourth quarter, not quite all the way to what we would think is normal operation.
Operator: Next, we move on to the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy : Chris, one of the interesting developments over the last 12 to maybe 36 months has been the increased competition from the private credit lenders into the commercial space. Can you share with us -- obviously, you guys are a strong, big regional lender in the C&I space. What are you guys seeing from competition from those non-depository lenders? And second, if any of them are your customers, how do you balance their needs with, at the same time, competing against them for lending?
Chris Gorman: Sure. It's a great question, and it's developing quickly. So principally, they are customers of ours, and let me explain what I mean by that. As you well know, we distribute 80% of the capital we raised. So we are distributing, all the time, a lot of paper to these private debt funds, and it's an important part of our underwrite-to-distribute model. As we've said many times, for banks, a stand-alone properly graded credit can't return its cost of capital. That is not the situation for the private debt funds. They have the benefit of leverage on leverage. We have to be a relationship bank. We have to be able to provide all of the payments capabilities, all of the capital markets capabilities. And that's actually an opportunity for us because I think what you'll see is as these private debt funds continue to grow, they'll need to partner with banks and they'll want to partner with banks that have sophisticated capabilities around things like payments and capital markets, but don't necessarily want to hold on a risk-adjusted basis, paper that doesn't return, it doesn't hurdle. So, I look at it, frankly, as an opportunity for us. I think we're well positioned for that.
Gerard Cassidy : Very good. And then coming back to credit, you mentioned, obviously, you have minimal or very low exposure to office space, which is great in this environment. And then you have the multifamily, exposure, but 40%, I think you said was in low-cost housing. Can you share with us, what are you guys seeing in some of the markets where there's been rapid buildup of not necessarily low-cost housing or subsidized housing, but normal housing in the multifamily. Are you seeing issues in that subsegment of the multifamily market? Or do you not have much exposure to those markets that are growing rapidly?
Chris Gorman : Well, we don't have a lot of exposure because you'll remember, Gerard, we exited a lot of these what we call gateway cities, probably 5 years ago based on affordability, based on cap rates. But we do have a fair amount of insight in that we have this third-party commercial loan servicing business. And we are the named special servicer on over $200 billion of loans. And in that area, 44% of what's in active special servicing, which is really what's in workout is office. But the fastest-growing segment over the last quarter was, in fact, multifamily in some of these gateway cities. So we're not seeing it in our portfolio because it's not an area of focus, but we are picking it up through for the reconnaissance we get through our third-party commercial loan servicing business. Just one little add-on to that, that I think the group might find interesting that I did when I was talking to the leaders there. Actually, what is in special servicing is down -- we had a record year in 2023, as you can imagine. What is in active special servicing actually ticked down, which I think is just an interesting data point for all of us that kind of follow the market.
Gerard Cassidy : Great, Chris. And Vern, really good luck on retirement. And I do want to point out that I have a [indiscernible] on the investor conference book from September of '95 when we had the infamous Elvis impersonator entertain us that night. So thank you, those are great memories, Vern. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Well, fortunately, I wasn’t around for that, but I’m sure Vern will be happy to sign it for you, Gerard.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Mayo : Well, Chris, one of your competitors' CEOs said scale has never been more important and that competitor is larger than you are. And so pulling back the lens, how do you think about scale and how it's changed in the past year? And I have two specific questions before you give that broader answer. What percent of the value of commercial relationship is from the deposits? That's a specific number. And then what percent of the revenues that you get from your typical commercial relationship is fee-based versus lending-based, because I think that gets to the larger value proposition of Key?
Chris Gorman: For sure. Well, let me start with the larger question first, and then we'll talk a bit about the mix of spread income to fee income, which I do think, by the way -- let me just start there. I think that's a great barometer. As you know, throughout Key, we're 40% fee income, which for a Category 4 bank is at the high end of the spectrum. As we look at businesses like our institutional bank, the split there in some areas is as high as 80% fees, 20% spread. And it varies depending on the business because some businesses are more capital-intensive than others. But that is one of the metrics we look at to see what kind of penetration we're getting. As it relates to scale, and I think it's a really good and important question. On one hand, there's no question that if you have to carry more capital and capital is more expensive, that would put more of a premium on scale than before. And the same would go for things like cyber. So on the margin, yes, scale would be probably more important today than it was 12 months ago. Having said that, I do not think scale is the answer for a bank like Key. And I say that because when you have competitors that are 20x as big as you are, the question really is what is scale? And as you know, what we've decided to do is focus on targeted scale to be really, really relevant to the customers that we try to be relevant to. We're certainly not trying to compete in the same manner that the largest banks -- they have a nice business model, it works for them, but that's not a business model, Mike, that we're executing at all. Does that answer your question?
Mike Mayo: Yes. I mean I think this kind of goes to the stickiness of corporate deposits and how that's changed over the past year. And you answered the question of fees. How much of the value of your commercial relationship is deposit driven and you have the cash from treasury management and other services that you provide corporate treasurers, is that still sticky? And is that like 20%, 30%, 50% of the value, as some have said? And then just another follow-up is just what does all your thinking mean about acquisitions, if and when the unrealized securities losses go down for you and the targets? Are you looking to be in that game or not?
Chris Gorman : Well, on the acquisition front, as you know, we've had a lot of success buying niche businesses and successfully integrating them, which I don't think a lot of large companies -- forget about banking, have had a lot of success doing. We are still -- because of our targeted scale focus, we are still interested in doing that. We're always building these positive people and actually looking for small organizations. In terms of looking, Mike, at depositories, that's not something we're spending any time doing. I think when you kind of look at sort of the landscape, one, I think the regulatory/approval process, I think there's a lot of questions around that. Obviously, the pull to par, any unrealized losses become realized losses in the event of an acquisition. And then secondly, there's just so much uncertainty in the marketplace. I think one would have a lot of questions about what is actually in the book of the company that you're acquiring. So that's not something I'm spending a lot of time on. Getting back to your question, there's no question that there’s a significant value in the deposits. And for example, that's one of the reasons we're really focused this year on building out our business banking business because that's a business that's very deposit centric. And as you think about going forward, there's a lot of value in there. I don't have off the top of my head what percentage is the contribution. We’ll circle back to you. I think it’s about the 30% of the value is in the payments and deposits. But we will circle back to you and confirm that.
Operator: Next, we go to Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to start out, Vern, like everybody else said, almost everybody on the call, congratulations. You're really one of a kind, so we're going to miss you. In terms of my question, so first, I want to go back, Clark, to your response to Scott Siefers earlier question on where NIM could go. You said 2.80 to 3, like in a more normal environment, whatever the hell that is, right? We haven't seen that in 20 years. But you guys used to do 3 to 3.20. Is there something -- it's really a 2-part question. One, is there something structural maybe the way you're using swaps today that there's a lower ceiling on them, like 3 to 3.20 is done, maybe 3 is like upper end? And then secondly, assuming this benefit accrues through 2024, that's up for a good 2025. Now -- and maybe for Chris, how do you think about this, like NIMs expanding pretty nicely in 2025, assume we have a more normal curve. Is that the time you now step up the pace of investment you've been cutting or expenses forever? Is that the time where you step up? Or do you let that benefit fall to the bottom line?
Clark Khayat: Yes. So, a couple of questions in there, and thank you for acknowledging no normal environment has existed. But the structural piece, I would say, Steve, relative to Key over the last 20 years, but particularly going into the crisis, would be, I think the loan book profile is quite a bit different. So if you think about the quality of the borrowers, the 55% of C&I being investment grade, the structural differences in our CRE portfolio, the largely residential real estate, collateralized kind of super prime consumer, all of those things kind of lean you towards a little bit lower base NII just because of the quality of that portfolio.
Chris Gorman : Clark, I would add card as well.
Clark Khayat : I mean, yes, card, which we have, but it's highly transactor based versus balance based. Now given that, you would expect credit losses to be better, and we think they will be certainly better than us historically, but you would expect better on a relative basis. And your other question would be, okay, how do you monetize those clients to make sure that you're getting the right returns and getting business on it. We think we do that really well in the commercial business. We think we're doing that better and better as you go down market in commercial with things like payments, and we think we're getting much better on wealth and building the wealth business and the consumer space. So we think we're building those capabilities and have the opportunity to do that. But I do think if you look back over time, there's probably a base structural nature of NII that's a little bit lower, given the quality of the portfolio. And that's very intentional. You've heard Chris talk about that at length. We have been tight on expenses. We've been doing that largely to maintain our ability to invest. And the short answer is hard to predict exactly what we do. I think it's a function of how much expansion do we see, how much investment capacity does that create? And frankly, how much high-quality investments are there in front of us. Our first investments are always going to be good clients and our people. And then in this world, you've got to continue to invest in technology. I actually think on an infrastructure basis, we've done a really good job over that -- on that over the last decade, and we'll continue to do that. But we're going to continue to make sure that we can invest and build the franchise the way we need to, to be competitive.
Chris Gorman : And from an organic growth perspective, Steve, we obviously weren't doing our typical level of investment last year. But where you'll see us lean in, you'll see us lean into our unique integrated corporate and investment bank, where we've got a lot of success recruiting people. I mentioned earlier, our 55 billion of AUM. We think that platform is eminently leverageable. We'll be investing in that. I mentioned also payments, and then lastly, I also mentioned business banking. Those are the areas where you'll see us leaning in from an investment perspective.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Okay. If I can ask one other question. So, Chris, it's interesting to hear you're so bullish on credit. I say that because if you listen to every other person they have on CNBC, all they point to is all this pressure coming on commercial real estate to a regional bank like you guys. Can you just say to the investors that are on the line right now, what's happening? I mean you had commercial real estate loans come up for renewal in the fourth quarter. I know you don't have a large office portfolio, but I'm sure some of them came up for renewal. What's happening? Are you able to renew because the LTV, like you said, was 60%? You've got a higher cap rate, they're getting renewed. There's a perception that it's nothing more than extend and pretend and you're just -- the banks are just kicking the can down the road. So I'd love to hear your view on what's now happening as these loans are coming up for renewal?
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, you got to look backwards a bit, and first of all, we had outsized losses in real estate during the financial crisis, and we said we'd never do that again, and we literally rip the business down to the studs and rebuilt it, and rebuild it around an underwrite-to-distribute model. So Fannie, Freddie, FHA, the life companies, the CNBS market. We also said we're only going to finance the best real estate people in the right sectors in the right geographies. And so we've been very, very prescriptive. So we distributed a bunch. 13% of our total loan book is in real estate. What's happening on the ground is because of the people that we're financing, when we go through the math and because of the rise in interest rates, because they qualify them as a criticized loan, we go to them and we ask them for an interest reserve and they give it to us. So what is going on, on the ground with us, I'm not sure it's representative of the whole market. But it's been -- it's the work that we did starting 10 years ago that really has put us in the position that we're in now.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. May be unique, but still nonetheless, not the overhang that maybe some are being led to believe.
Chris Gorman : Indeed.
Operator: Next, we go to Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin : Sorry for the late question here. Congrats to both Vern and Brian. Just one on expenses and efficiency. You guys did a great job last year, taking the actions to continue to head towards stable expenses. I'm just wondering how much more flex you have in there in terms of things you can continue to do to offset the expected investments that you continue to talk about and need to make. And how can you keep that stable trajectory as you look further out?
Chris Gorman : Thanks for the question, Ken. Whenever I'm talking to our team, I tell everybody, we're all risk managers. We're all responsible for revenue, and we're all responsible for managing expenses. We're spending, as I mentioned, about $1.1 billion a quarter. There are always things that we can do better to create the raw material to continue to invest. And in our business, unfortunately, the real cost is people. And if you look point-to-point, we have 1,369 less people on the team today than we did a year ago. And obviously, that will pull through. There's also -- you also get a big pickup when you exit businesses like we did in vendor finance, where you can take out front, middle and back office. So we did a lot of the heavy lifting, Ken, last year. I don’t see that level of heavy lifting continuing, but it’s something that we just have to stay after every single day. Thanks for the question.
Operator: And next, we go to a question from Bill Carcache.
Bill Carcache : I was hoping you could give some color on the sentiment you're hearing from your clients for the soft-landing scenario to play out. It seems like we would need to see the disinflation trends, not just continue from here, but there would also need to be a reacceleration in loan growth. And I guess maybe first, do you agree with that? And if so, how likely do you think we are to see loan growth reacceleration from here based on what you're seeing and hearing from your clients?
Chris Gorman : Well, I think it goes back to inflation, and is inflation really under control? And if it isn't, what actions will the Fed be required to take or not take, given what the forwards are saying in order to get inflation under control? Right now, our customers are in good shape. As you know, the job market is in good shape. Interesting data point and one of the reasons I think inflation is going to be stickier than people think. Our noninterest-bearing customers today have 33% more dollars in their account than they did pre-pandemic. So I just feel like -- so I think that's a risk. And so if we get a soft landing, I think there'll be opportunities for loan growth. We, in our planning, we're assuming a short recession in 2024 for all the reasons I just described.
Bill Carcache : Understood. Very good. That's very helpful. And let me also add my congratulations. Vern, all the best and looking forward to working with you as well, Brian.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we will now be turning the conference back to Chris Gorman for closing remarks.
Chris Gorman : Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, 216-689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Have a good day all.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Chris Gorman. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Thank you for joining us for KeyCorp's third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today are Clark Khayat, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. On Slide 2, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosure and certain financial measures, including non-GAAP measures. These statements cover our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I am now moving to Slide 3. This morning, we reported earnings of $266 million or $0.29 per share. Our results reflect broad-based growth across our franchise supported by our strong balance sheet and disciplined risk management.  We continue to benefit from our focus on relationship banking and primacy, namely having our client’s primary operating account. We continue to add and deepen relationships in both our consumer and commercial businesses as well as improved both the quality and diversity of our deposits. Average deposits increased relative to the prior quarter and the year-ago period. Our focus on relationship continues to guide our balance sheet optimization efforts. This quarter, we reduced average loans by over $3 billion as we deemphasized credit only and other non-relationship business.  Importantly, our common equity Tier 1 ratio increased by 50 basis points to 9.8% as a result of our proactive balance sheet management. Risk weighted assets decreased by $7 billion in the third quarter and $9 billion from the beginning of the year, which is approaching our 2023 full year target of $10 billion.  The increase in our common equity Tier 1 ratio this quarter moves us above our current targeted capital range of 9% to 9.5% where we would expect to remain for the foreseeable future. Other capital ratios were relatively stable this quarter, including our tangible common equity ratio, which was down 10 basis points, despite the impact of higher interest rates.  Overall, our capital remains strong and we are well positioned relative to our capital priorities and of the phase-in of the proposed future capital requirements. Although we would not expect the same magnitude of change in risk weighted assets next year, we will continue to take steps to manage our balance sheet in conjunction with anticipated regulatory changes.  Net interest income in the quarter reflected the continued high interest rate environment and our balance sheet positioning. Clark will discuss our balance sheet in his remarks, but I would point out that Key is a very well defined net interest income opportunity over the next five quarters as our short-term swaps and treasuries reprice.  In our slide deck, we show net interest income benefit will reach approximately $1 billion on an annualized basis by the first quarter of 2025. Our net interest margin has been a challenge for us this year. We believe, however, the third quarter represented the low point for the cycle. Our results continue to benefit from our strong fee-based businesses, which consistently make up 40% of our revenue.  This revenue mix will be a clear competitive advantage under the proposed regulatory framework. This quarter, fee income was up 6% driven by a 17% linked quarter increase in investment banking and debt placement fees. We expect investment banking fees to increase again in the fourth quarter based on current pipelines. The absolute level of improvement is of course market dependent.  Given the significance of our integrated corporate and investment bank, any normalization in the capital markets represents an upside opportunity for Key from both a fee generation and balance sheet management perspective. In addition to capital markets, our fee income will continue to benefit from our strong positions in both payments, an area where we have consistently invested, and as well where we benefit from critical mass with assets under management of $53 billion. Expense management remains a priority. Our results reflect the successful completion earlier this year of a company-wide effort to improve productivity and efficiency. We are continuing our efficiency journey by further simplifying and streamlining our businesses. As we narrow our focus, we will continue to drive additional expense savings, which provide the funding to continue to invest in our business.  Finally, I want to comment on credit quality, which I believe is the most important determinant of return on tangible common equity and shareholder value over time. Credit quality remains a clear strength of Key. Our credit measures reflect the derisking we have done over the past decade and our distinctive underwrite distribute model. This quarter, our net charge-offs were 24 basis points. Over the next several quarters, we expect to continue to operate below our targeted through the cycle range of 40 to 60 basis points.  The quality of our loan portfolio continues to serve us well with over half of our C&I loans rated as investment grade or the equivalent. Similarly, our consumer clients have a weighted average FICO score of approximately 770 at origination. As a reminder, we have limited exposure to leverage lending, office loans and other high risk categories.  B and C class office exposure in Central Business Districts totaled $116 million. Two-thirds of our commercial real estate exposure is in multifamily, including affordable housing, which continues to be a significant unmet need in this country.  I will close by underscoring my confidence in the long-term outlook for Key. Our businesses are well positioned and we continue to strengthen our balance sheet. Credit quality remains one of our most significant strengths. We will continue to focus on maintaining the quality of our loan book and enhancing our risk management framework. This positions us well to deliver sound profitable growth and create value for our shareholders.  With that, I'll turn it over to Clark to provide more details on our results for the quarter. Clark?
Clark Khayat: Thanks, Chris. I'm now on Slide 5. The third quarter net income from continuing operations was $0.29 per common share, up $0.02 from the prior quarter and down $0.26 from last year. Our results were generally consistent with the guidance we provided for the quarter and we've affirmed the full year outlook we shared at our last earnings call. As Chris highlighted in his remarks, our results reflect the strength of our core business, focus on primacy, balance sheet optimization and our disciplined risk management. I'll cover each of these strategic focus areas in my remarks this morning.  Turning to Slide 6. Average loans for the quarter were $117.6 billion, up 3% from the year-ago period and down 3% from the prior quarter. Total loans ended the period at $115.5 billion, down $3.5 billion from the prior quarter. The decline in average loans was driven primarily by a reduction in C&I balances, which were down almost 4% from the prior quarter. The reduction reflects our balance sheet optimization which prioritizes full relationships and deemphasizes credit-only and non-relationship business as we prepare the balance sheet for a Basel III endgame rules.  The reduction in loans contributed to the decline in risk weighted assets representing roughly half of the RWA decline this quarter. RWAs were also impacted by our optimization efforts to which we were able to apply more attractive capital treatment to existing portfolios. Importantly, this allowed us to manage RWAs proactively while minimizing impacts in net interest income. Turning to Slide 7. Key's longstanding commitment to primacy continues to support a stable, diverse base of core deposits for funding. This quarter, average deposits totaled $144.8 billion, relatively stable from the year-ago period and up nearly $2 billion from the prior quarter. The increase in average deposit balances from the prior quarter was driven by an increase in both consumer and commercial deposit balances.  Importantly, we've continued to improve the quality of our funding mix by growing core relationship balances and reducing wholesale and broker deposits. This quarter, broker deposits declined by $2.6 billion on average and $3.2 billion relative to period end balances. At the end of the quarter, we took advantage of our improved funding profile and called $1.2 billion of outstanding bank debt for redemption. We expect to redeem the debt at the end of October.  Our total cost of deposits was 188 basis points in the third quarter and our cumulative deposit beta, which includes all interest bearing deposits, was 46% since the Fed began raising interest rates in March 2022. Higher interest rates resulted in the continued deposit mix shift this quarter. We've seen this mix shift slow and we are testing reduced rates in certain markets. We did not deploy higher rates in our retail business against the July interest rate hike. We continue to expect that our cumulative deposit beta will approach 50% by the end of the year.  Turning to Slide 8. Taxable net interest income was $923 million for the third quarter, down 23% from the year-ago period and down 6% from the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.01% in the third quarter compared to 2.74% for the same period last year and 2.12% for the prior quarter. Year-over-year, net interest income and the net interest margin were impacted by higher interest bearing deposit costs and a shift in funding mix to higher cost deposits and borrowings.  Relative to the second quarter, the decline in net interest income reflects a planned reduction in earning asset balances from our balance sheet optimization efforts and higher interest bearing deposit costs. Our net interest margin and net interest income continue to reflect a headwind from our short-dated treasuries and swaps. Our swap portfolio and short-dated treasuries reduced net interest income by $370 million and lowered our net interest margin by 80 basis points this quarter.  We believe that NIM bottomed in the third quarter as we see continued benefit from maturity of swaps and treasuries. Consistent with our previous comments we expect that we are at or near the bottom on NII. In the third quarter, we executed $6.7 billion of spot pay-fixed swaps. In October, subsequent to the quarter end, we terminated $7.5 billion of received fixed cash flow swaps which were scheduled to mature throughout 2024.  The swap termination locked in the AOCI position of those swaps, which will amortize throughout 2024 on the original maturity schedule. This should have no impact to our AOCI position at the end of 2024, but will guard against future hikes or reduction in rates that is slower than the forward curve predicts. These actions along with the planned maturity of our short-term treasuries make Key less liability sensitive, protect capital and reduce our exposure to higher rates.  Turning to Slide 9. As Chris mentioned earlier, our balance sheet positioning, which has been a near-term drag on earnings, represents a clear and well defined opportunity. Based on the forward curve which continues to adjust to higher levels, we project an annualized net interest income benefit of approximately $1 billion from the maturities of our short-term treasuries and swaps by the first quarter of 2025. We'll continue to take a measured but opportunistic approach to lock in this benefit.  Moving to Slide 10. Noninterest income was $643 million for the third quarter of 2023, down $40 million from the year ago period and up $34 million from the second quarter. The decrease in noninterest income from the year-ago period reflects a $23 million decline in corporate services income due to lower customer derivatives trading revenue.  Additionally, service charges on deposit accounts declined $23 million driven by the previously announced and implemented changes in our NSF/OD fee structure and lower account analysis fees related to interest rates. The increase in noninterest income from the second quarter reflects a $21 million increase in investment banking and debt placement fees and an $18 million increase in other income from higher trading income and a gain on a loan sale.  I'm now on Slide 11. Total net interest expense for the quarter was $1.1 billion, up $4 million from the year-ago period and up $34 million from last quarter. Compared to the year-ago quarter, computer processing expense increased $12 million driven by technology investments and personnel expense increased $8 million driven by higher salaries and employee benefits partially offset by lower incentive and stock-based compensation.  The increase in expenses relative to the prior quarter was driven by personnel expense, which increased $41 million from incentive and stock-based compensation, a majority of which was from production-related expenses and a higher stock price at the end of the quarter. As we continue to proactively manage our expense base and simplify and streamline our businesses, this will improve the client experience, reduce complexity in costs and provide flexibility to continue to invest for the future.  Our goal, as expressed previously, is to again keep core expenses flat in 2024. We expect to have additional efficiency-related expenses in the fourth quarter connected with these efforts. With that complete, we would estimate those charges to be in the range of $50 million. We'll provide full 2025 guidance during our fourth quarter earnings call.  Moving now to Slide 12. Overall, credit quality and our related outlook remain strong. For the third quarter, net charge-offs were $71 million or 24 basis points of average loans. While non-performing loans and criticized loans continue to move up from their historical lows, we believe Key is well positioned in terms of credit migration and potential loss content. Our provision for credit losses was $81 million for the third quarter and our allowance for credit losses period-end loans increased from 1.49% to 1.54%.  Turning to Slide 13. We ended the third quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.8%, up 50 basis points from the prior quarter and well above our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. Going forward, we expect to stay above our current targeted range. We will determine and share any changes to that targeted range once the new capital rules are finalized. We will remain focused on building capital in advance of newly proposed capital rules and continue to support client activity and the return of capital. We do not expect to engage in material share repurchase in the near term.  The right side of this slide shows Key's expected reduction in our AOCI mark. The AOCI mark is expected to decline by approximately 27% by the end of 2024 and 39% by the end of 2025, which will provide approximately $2.5 billion of capital build through that timeframe. During the third quarter, the AOCI position decreased by $500 million in structural burn down. The increase in rates, specifically in the five-year timeframe, increased the position by approximately $1.1 billion, which resulted in a net change of $600 million.  Importantly, only 10% of our projected $2.5 billion of AOCI reduction between now and 2025 is driven by the benefit of lower rates represented in the current forward curve. Said differently, more than 90% of this reduction will occur even if rates remain flat to current levels driven by maturities, cash flows and timing. Given the proposed capital rules, we believe our reduction in AOCI marks along with our future earnings and balance sheet management would allow us to organically accrete capital to the required levels.  Slide 14 provides an outlook for the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter as well as the full year compared to the prior year. Our guidance uses the forward curve as of September 30, which holds Fed funds flat at 5.5% through August of 2024 ending 2024 at 5%. Balance sheet trends are tracking as anticipated. We expect average loans to be down 1% to 3% in the fourth quarter versus the prior quarter as we continue to optimize our balance sheet and recycled capital to support relationship clients. We expect average deposits to be relatively stable in the fourth quarter. Our outlook assumes a cumulative deposit beta approaching 50 by year end. We also expect to continue to improve our funding mix and liquidity. On a linked quarter basis, net interest income is expected to be relatively stable in the fourth quarter changed from our previous guidance of flat to down 2%. Our guidance for noninterest income has changed to up 1% to 3% reflecting stronger fee income in the third quarter compared to the fourth quarter. Our full year outlook for fees remains unchanged.  Noninterest expense is expected to remain relatively stable in the fourth quarter, excluding the potential FDIC special assessment charge, additional efficiency-related expenses and an expected pension settlement charge of $15 million to $20 million. We expect credit quality to remain solid and net charge-offs to average loans to be in the range of 25 to 35 basis points in the fourth quarter below our expected over the cycle targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points. Guidance for fourth quarter GAAP tax rate is 18% to 90%. Once again, our full year outlook for 2023 versus the prior year has not changed. We feel competent in the foundation of our business and in our strategic efforts to strengthen capital and liquidity, manage risks and improve earnings.  With that, I'll now turn the call back to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Scott Siefers from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. So great news that we kind of hit the low on the margin and are at or near the bottom on NII. I guess I'm curious. Does that outlook contemplate any further risk weighted asset reductions that might be outside the scope of the 10 billion you've articulated for this year? And I guess along those lines, do you see a need to do anything beyond what you'll do this year? It looks like you're kind of ramping up the capital base more quickly. So how are we thinking about overall balance sheet size within the scheme of bottoming a NII trajectory?
Chris Gorman: Yes. Thanks, Scott. Our prompt bet was that your first question would be expenses, but [indiscernible]. The way I would think about it is we've guided the loan balances down 1 to 3 in the fourth quarter. I think that's going to be the vast majority of any reduction in the balance sheet. We could still see cash come down a bit. And we are still doing some optimization efforts. They won't carry the same size that we would have seen in this quarter. So you'll see a leveling off of that. And that 10 billion I think is the right number to be focused on.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. That's good. Thank you. I did have an expense question. I think you largely hit it in there. So I'll refrain from asking about that one. I guess maybe a broader question though. Clark, I think you talked about a 3% margin in a normal environment. I think that's still well above what would be implied by the extra 1 billion or so of benefit through next year. So maybe just sort of top level, what else would have to happen to get you there? How are we sort of thinking about that, that 3% normalized margin?
Clark Khayat: Yes. So to be clear, I think 3-ish area is, again, not out of the realm. I think to your point, Scott, you adjusted today the 80 basis points that we talked about on drag. It'd be a 2.81. Would have been 2.85 last quarter, kind of 3.19 before that. So I think it's going to be kind of continued asset mix over time and funding mix. And what you're seeing, if I just point to the third quarter, you saw kind of flattish deposits and that included a significant reduction in brokered, so more client deposits. But the other piece that I think is really important is that we did and we will continue to focus on reducing our reliance on wholesale funding. So you would have seen that come down on the order of like 4 billion in the quarter, and obviously that has more expense over time. Now your next question is probably once we get into long-term debt rules and we're issuing more wholesale debt, how does that impact that? I think we size that a little bit. We will factor that in. But again, I think when you start to put all these pieces together in a more normalized environment, something in the high 2s to 3s is not out of the realm of possibility.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. All right. Thank you guys very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Erika Najarian from UBS. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning. I guess my question was on the RWA mitigation. So I'm going to follow up in terms of Clark's answer to that question. So you're pointing us to the 10 billion as the right area, which is a lot, it’s a lot of RWA to take out. And I guess I'm wondering, number one, could you give us a sense of how much has already been taken out and what's to come? And second, as we think about the net interest income trajectory for next year, there's a comment of the NII bottoming about here or in the fourth quarter, consider the cost of the RWA mitigation that you have left?
Chris Gorman: Sure. So the answer to the first part of your question, Erika, is we're currently through the third quarter, we've reduced 9 billion. So in the third quarter, we reduced 7 billion on a cumulative basis for the year. We've reduced 9 billion of RWAs. We are well on target to hit our 10 billion. As you try to kind of pivot from RWAs to the impact on NII, interestingly, there is a certain universe of those RWAs that we were able to get just different treatment on, namely the treatment that we qualify for in any event. Secondly, there was a lot of unused line fees in there that obviously those two categories don't have any impact on NII. As you look forward, the other reduction in RWAs would have a marginal impact on NII but a positive impact certainly on our returns, certainly on our margins. The other thing that taking out all these RWAs enables us to do is to focus on rightsizing our expense base as we take out these RWAs. So that's kind of how I think about it.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And, Chris, I guess the follow up to there is, Basel III endgame clearly gives the banks time. And as you mentioned, the moves that you're making in terms of improving the margin, being mindful of balance sheet size, being mindful of the expense base, the target would be to improve CET1 generation from here. I guess how do you balance the notion of, okay, we have this 10 billion of RWA reduction, check, that's done, and potentially we're ready to be a little bit more aggressive in the market or not. You told me, one of your peers said that they're ready for loan growth next year versus the notion of with U.S. Bank being freed from its Category II commitments, whenever everyone runs a data on adjusted CET1, Key sort of ends up at the bottom of the list. So how do you balance in terms of running the bank day to day, right, versus how your investors are thinking about KeyCorp in sort of this new world order for regulation?
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, first of all, as you know, the rules are still preliminary and they're probably likely to change. That said, we're certainly competent than under the proposed current rules, including the definitions and the associated timeframes, Erika, that we can hit them. And so what we need to do -- what I wanted to do is sort of when the events of March happened and then these rules came out in July, I wanted us to hit the reset button and reset our business and make the difficult decisions so we can get back to growing our business. As I've always said, the underlying business is in good shape. We're adding clients on the consumer side. We're adding clients on the commercial side. And what I want to do is right-size our balance sheet, get our loan to deposit where it needs to be, get our wholesale funding mix where it needs to be, and then free up our people to get back out in the marketplace and do what they do and that's grow our business. So that is the needle that we're currently threading.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Peter Winter from D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Good morning. You guys mentioned that capital markets should be up in the fourth quarter. But I was just wondering, just between higher rates and the geopolitical risks, just how you're thinking about the outlook for capital markets over the medium term?
Chris Gorman: The medium term, I feel really good about it, Peter. Over the near term, which I would consider the fourth quarter, both of the things you mentioned are a challenge. We will be up on a linked quarter basis as I look at our backlog. But the absolute -- as I mentioned in my comments, the absolute level of the increase remains to be seen. Obviously, the geopolitical issues are an issue. The other thing you think about over the last five or six trading days where the bond market has been, that obviously has an impact as well. So in the near term, I think there's probably additional headwinds. But over the medium term, I think I feel good about the business. Private equity firms are starting to transact, which is important. If you look at the amount of M&A that was completed this year in the 100 billion area, it's down about 50%. And over time, obviously, that comes back. So in the near term, I think we'll be up I don't know to what degree. In the intermediate term as you look at 2024 when there's clarity on where these rates settle in and some of these geopolitical concerns, I think there's going to be a lot of activity.
Peter Winter: Got it. And then, Chris, if I could ask about the dividend? You have 70% plus payout ratio. Can you just talk about your commitment to maintaining that dividend? And is there any risk that you could be forced to cut the dividend?
Chris Gorman: I'd be happy to address that. Let me start by just saying my views on our dividend are unchanged. As we've managed this business, we manage the business for the long term. Similarly, our Board tends to take the same approach on everything, including the dividend. And so when we gather in November, we'll review the dividend as we always do. In the context of a range of scenarios, you were just talking about geopolitical scenarios, et cetera, the macro conditions, but importantly, we're going to take into consideration as we always do the normalized earnings power of our company, and our capital priorities are unchanged. We want to support our relationships as our clients and prospects and secondly, the dividend. The other factors that I think are really important. First and foremost is credit quality, because there's nothing that denigrates capital more than credit losses. I feel really good about our credit quality. We'll also obviously be looking at the burned out of AOCI. That obviously is tied in. And then our ability to organically build capital. We've already talked about that a little bit through a reduction of RWAs and other actions we took. We’re able to grow our capital, our CET1 by 50 basis points this quarter. So that's kind of how I think about it. But I'll end where I start is that my views on the dividend haven't changed.
Operator: And the next question will come from Ken Usdin from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, Clark, I was wondering if you could kind of walk through some of the hedging strategy changes to Slide 22, a lot of new executions and terminations this quarter. I guess to start just can you help us understand like the net impact of these new moves in terms of like, does that help or hurt fourth quarter NII just to kind of put it into perspective?
Clark Khayat: Sure. So just to be clear, on that page, Ken, you'll see an incremental 6.7 billion of pay-fixed swaps. Those were put on to provide some AOCI protection to higher rates. And then the termination of the 7.5 billion of 2024 pay-fixed swaps that we've been obviously talking about now for a couple of quarters. Also done really to guard against higher rates or the prospect of higher rates or as we said kind of rates that remain higher than the forward curve, which is relatively flat down through '24, but has some cuts in the back end. So anything that's sort of there or higher we'll get some protection from both of those positions. I would think about in terms of reducing our kind of NII at risk to higher rates kind of by half to a staged 200 basis point rise, so kind of an extreme scenario, but we're kind of reducing that liability sensitivity there just to protect both capital and earnings.
Ken Usdin: Okay. So I guess I'm just trying to figure out with all of that, your outlook for stable NII fourth over third, we've got the RWA reductions kind of working against that. And then I guess there's -- and then we have this slide you gave us on maturities. Are these new adds also incremental in the fourth and helping your fourth quarter forecast?
Clark Khayat: So if I think about the NII fourth versus third, Ken, the swaps and treasuries maturing, which we've talked about and think about, like, if rates don't change, the swap terminations won't have a huge impact versus what we've already shared. It's really protection against rates going up. The payers will add a little bit of NII because we're picking up a little bit of incremental positive carry there. And then you'll see the benefit of a pull through in the quarter of lower wholesale borrowing.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Okay. All right. Perfect. Thanks.
Clark Khayat: And then all that incorporates I think this was, sorry, implicit or maybe explicit in your question, it all incorporates RWA reduction and the loan reduction specifically that we talked about.
Ken Usdin: Understood. Thanks. And the last one is -- just so we're going to get back that treasury book run off. Any updated thoughts in terms of what you do with the rest of the securities portfolio? Will that continue to just cash flow down as well over time?
Clark Khayat: Yes. So we're seeing about anywhere, just call it roughly $1 billion of cash flow per quarter, coming out of that book. We've used some of that sort of through the course of this year as cash and just short-term liquidity just given some of the things that have happened. You'll see us start to deploy that back into the portfolio in a variety of different ways, but really focused on bringing the duration of that overall portfolio down.
Ken Usdin: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Gerard Cassidy from RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Chris. Hi, Clark.
Chris Gorman: Hi, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Chris, you were very emphatic about the strength of the credit book for KeyCorp which is great. Can you guys share with us the second derivative risk? And what I mean by that is maybe some of the non-depository competitors or even depository competitors in your footprint or franchise may be taking undue risk and you may have a customer that borrows from them as well that could then impact your credit quality. Do you know if the competitors are being more rational than in prior cycles, which would obviously have an impact on everybody, not just KeyCorp?
Chris Gorman: Thanks for your question. Unfortunately, I think because there's excess capacity in the loan market in general, I don't think you're seeing the kind of increase in spreads that you would expect to see at this point in the cycle in the private loan market. And I don't think you're seeing, frankly, some of the changes that you would expect to see broadly in terms of structure. So I think -- as you know, I've said many, many times on a risk adjusted basis, a properly graded standalone credit rarely returns its cost of capital. So if I'm right about that, by definition a lot of that stuff in my opinion is underpriced. Now the other thing that we are seeing, obviously, and we have great visibility in, is our third party commercial loan servicing business where we have over 640-some-odd-billion that we service, but we have over 200 billion that is special servicing. So that's where we're servicing, basically, where the workout [ph] agent for very complex deals that we're not a part of. And that business has already set a record for the year at this point in the cycle. So that gives you a little bit of an insight into what's going on out there. Clark, would you add anything to that?
Clark Khayat: Yes, just maybe a couple of things. One, Gerard, I think among banks, and it'd be consistent with all the comments we've made about managing relationships, you'll see all of us kind of defending our best relationships on the credit side, but it's with additional business that comes with that to make those relationships hurdle to Chris' point about standalone credit. So, again, I think that banks are being rational broadly, but defending their best relationships as you would expect. If you think about the third party non-bank credit market, I would just -- I'd make maybe a retrospective comment and a prospective comment. Looking backward, I think there's been a lot of credit that's gone outside the bank market. The question I think which is sort of embedded in yours is, do some of those kind of, call it just for the sake of argument, non-bank or FinTech originated loans sit on bank balance sheets? That would be a question we should be asking broadly. We do not at Key have much if any of that business. The second piece would be around the prospective, which is some of the capital rules are obviously making the private credit funds engage in conversations about flow agreements and taking credit over time. That is yet to be written. But clearly, there's a lot of conversation and activity there.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you for those insights. And then as a follow-up question, Clark, on the hedging strategy, you've given us a lot of detail. And we all acknowledge forecasting interest rate is very difficult. In fact, I find it very interesting. If you go back to the Federal Reserve's June 21 dot's forecast for the Fed funds rate, at the end of '23 they were forecasting a 0.625 Fed funds rate. They missed it by 500 basis points. So my question for you guys, the long tail risk, what is that for next year? Everybody sees, you've been very clear about the benefits by the net interest income on an annualized basis first quarter '25. Everybody sees that. What could go wrong? Or what's that long tail risk that we need to just keep our eyes on or you guys are keeping your eyes on?
Clark Khayat: Yes, it's probably a couple of versions. But if you think right now, we are asymmetrically at risk to higher rates. And so we are very contemplative of what happens when rates go up, because as the treasuries and swaps mature, there's still a time component, right? So you feel the cost immediately in the yield sort of pull through. We are contemplating things like a stagflation scenario, right, where it's -- the macro economy is a little softer and you have higher rates. I think often we assume weaker economy rates come down, there are obviously scenarios where that's not the case. So we're just trying to think through all the implications of that and the levers and sensitivities that we have to address that. I think the other piece over time and we've talked -- we used to talk more about this before 2023, which was rates come down quickly as these things are repricing and can we ensure that we're getting the right repricing characteristics when the treasuries and swaps mature? We've talked to that around the hedging we've done for '23. And obviously, we have other significant advantages right now if rates were to come down rapidly. So we're thinking about that broad range of conditions, Gerard, and we're trying to project our best view of it, but we're certainly making sure we're prepared for different trajectories.
Gerard Cassidy: And Clark, on the comment about rates coming down more rapidly, which is a good way -- I'm glad you guys are thinking about that, though it doesn't seem likely. But if it did happen, would your funding costs, your deposit rate you think, would they fall as quickly as what would happen on the asset side of the balance sheet from your guys' experience or would they lag?
Clark Khayat: So the nice thing on the way down from the commercial deposit book, which I know you know, Gerard, but it's sort of 55-ish billion was 33 billion pre-pandemic, so it's pretty meaningful for us. A lot of that's indexed, so it will move when rates move. Now, they're not all indexed at 100%. So you'd have to take that into account. But that stuff tends to move as the market moves. And I think that's a positive. What's always tougher to predict is the consumer book, which obviously was a little sticky going up and it generally is a little sticky coming down. And I think that'll be as much a function of micro market and micro competitive environment. So how are people thinking about those and other sources of funding? If rates do come down quickly, it does tend to make people, people being sort of the industry broadly, think about wholesale funding differently. So you might see more relief on deposits that would cause the consumer to follow faster, but the pace at which consumer rate has come down is always the question there.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you so much.
Clark Khayat: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John Pancari from Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Clark Khayat: Hi, John.
John Pancari: On the only expense outlook, just wanted to [indiscernible] a little bit more color. I know third quarter came in a little bit above expectations, and some of that is on fee revenue. But as you look at fourth quarter and your flat expectation for 2024, can you maybe talk about the puts and takes there, like, what are some of the areas where you could see pressure? And where do you really see an opportunity to pull back and keep the number stable? Thank you.
Clark Khayat: Sure. So let me just hit the third quarter for a second, John, as I just want to clarify. So we came in a little bit high. As you mentioned, I would just point to kind of about 20 million of one-time costs in the quarter related to illegal reserve build, a Visa settlement that came in late in the quarter and then some elevated medical claims. I think net of those we were sort of consistent with the relatively stable guidance. The core in fourth quarter we think we'll be consistent there as well, again, relatively stable. Just to reiterate kind of pointing out a couple of very or a few very identifiable one-timers, namely FDIC assessment should it come through, some additional expense management related charges, and a pension charge. So relative or net of those, we feel like it'll be stable. The big move also in the quarter was around personnel. And that was primarily driven by the change in stock price. So that is a variable. But the work that we did earlier in the year, as Chris referenced, kind of the beginning of the year getting '23 flat and some of the work we're doing in anticipation of making '24 flat, aside from the charges we take, will provide a little bit of tailwind on expenses in the quarter. And we continue to push hard on real estate and things like third party contracts, which we historically have talked to, but we're moving more and more away from third parties and more focused on using our own folks to do the work we're doing. So we think we have that circle and there's obviously always surprises that can come through, but we feel pretty good about the core stability.
John Pancari: And in that real estate rationalization and the third party contracts, are they the main areas of opportunity as you look at 2024 as well?
Clark Khayat: There will be, as Chris said, as you kind of shrink the balance sheet, you do have to shrink the expense space, and our largest cost is personnel. So there will of course be some personnel related to that. But we are starting to understand the trajectory of in-office now. And I think we're going to be even more aggressive than we have been about real estate positioning. And again getting those third party contracts, so I would view it as meaningful pieces of all three of those, but certainly people will be part of it. 
Chris Gorman: John, it's Chris. We will continue to work across the board of all of these things. We’re down from an FTE perspective in the last year, about 900 people, teammates. And so as we continue to focus on simplifying our business, streamlining our business being a smaller, simpler, more profitable company, a lot more to say on that as we wrap up the fourth quarter.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks, Chris. I'd just ask one last one on the commercial portfolio, Shared National Credit, sorry if I missed this, but have you sized up the size of that Shared National Credit book, and then what portion of that is your lead agent?
Chris Gorman: So we've never given numbers around the SNC book. Everyone obviously just got their SNC results. And I can tell you in all my time in this business, our results were the absolute best we've ever had. But we've never disclosed the numbers in terms of dollars or amounts.
John Pancari: Okay. You plan to?
Chris Gorman: No, we really -- it's just something that we haven't disclosed on in the past. But as I said, we just got our results back, John, and just very, very pleased with them.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. Thanks so much, Chris.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Manan Gosalia from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hi. Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Manan.
Manan Gosalia: On the RWA reduction, it sounds like you're saying 10 billion down is the right level and you don't see the need to do any more next year. But does that mean you can grow next year and can you lean into loan growth a little bit in certain areas? And if so, does a level of rates in the [indiscernible] matter, right? So if the [indiscernible] moves higher from here, does that mean you have to do a little bit more on the RWA side or does that not really matter?
Chris Gorman: So it's a great question. When I was answering Erika's question -- it's Chris. When I was answering Erika's question, we're not going to be leaning into RWA reduction in the manner that we have this year. But make no mistake, we will continue to go through every portfolio we have and rationalize our RWAs because that's the raw material for us to also be expanding our client base. So we're not done on the RWA side. The point I was trying to make is, at this point in the cycle, we're going to be doing both.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Okay. And then as we think about cash and liquidity levels, I think you noted there might still be some more room to bring down cash a little bit. A lot of your peers seem to be building cash quite meaningfully this quarter. So how are you thinking about the right levels of liquidity? Is it just a function of you might be replacing the maturing treasuries with cash or with other low duration treasuries? And what's the right level you think you need to hold right now?
Chris Gorman: Yes, good question. So historically, Manan, we would have been kind of 2 billion on any given day. I think we went as high as 11 or 12 this year in the kind of 6, 7, 8 range in the quarter. I think we would migrate that down to 4 to 5 over time. But your view on as treasuries mature, holding those in cash or a shorter duration, treasury portfolio is the right way to think about it. 
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Matt O’Connor. Please go ahead.
Matt O’Connor: Good morning. I wanted to follow up on expenses and a couple of things. I guess, first, what's the base of expense for this year that you're trying to keep flat too, because you have some items coming in 4Q called out from this quarter and obviously had some in 1Q as well? So what's the base as we think about flat costs for '24 that you're targeting?
Clark Khayat: I would think the range of kind of 4.4 billion, Matt.
Matt O’Connor: Okay, that's helpful. And then the pension settlement charge just for modeling purposes, I know that's ex the guidance for 4Q, but how much do you expect that to be?
Clark Khayat: We said 15 to 20, in that range.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. Sorry, I missed that. And then just lastly, anything on the criticized loans. Not everybody discloses this, but you've got a slide in your deck that shows it and it's bumped up a couple of quarters in a row here. Is that just kind of normal progression or what would you call out there?
Clark Khayat: Yes, that's just -- Matt, that's us just very critically writing our portfolio. There'd be a few categories in there, as we look through it. Transportation would be one, healthcare would be another. There's some consumer product type businesses there. But we take a fair amount of pride in -- and Mark Midkiff is here in the room with us really going through with a fine tooth comb. I don't think there's any additional lost content there. But at this point in the cycle, and you start looking at anyone that has floating rate debt, I think you need to look at that pretty critically. So that's really the genesis of it going from 3.3% to 3.9%.
Matt O’Connor: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Clark Khayat: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question is from Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Just want to add a quick follow up, Clark, for you. So I guess going back to some of the discussion you had with Ken, when we look at the 46 million in NII that's going to come in from the roll off in the fourth quarter, your NII guidance is flat. So ex that 46 million, NII would be down 5% quarter-over-quarter. And I appreciate there are a bunch of moving pieces. As we think about the core level of NII beyond fourth quarter RWA optimization, depository pricing, like, what's your expectation for those deposits -- for NII, sorry? Does that NII hold flat or do you still expect that NII just on a core basis to drift lower?
Clark Khayat: Yes. So when you say core basis, I just want to make sure I'm understanding --
Ebrahim Poonawala: If we remove the lift from the Slide 9 that you have from the swaps and the treasury maturities, if we didn't have that, what in your view would NII do through the next few quarters?
Clark Khayat: I got it. Well, so not to be picking word choices but I would say the core is actually without those positions, underlying business is reflected there. So I just -- that's an important I think quality of business point to make. But I think you're right on puts and takes. And obviously, if rates -- using the forward curve, if rates were to stay flat, we have seen already in kind of second quarter to third quarter trajectory, deposit pricing has slowed I think NII while running off still a bit, it is stabilizing. So you'll still see some drift in those deposit costs. I think the places where, and obviously we're continuing to shrink the loan book a little bit, so those create some headwinds. As we did say though we are moving aggressively to reduce wholesale funding costs as well. And those are obviously relative to deposit costs generally higher. So that will provide a little bit of relief against the trends that you're talking about. So I would focus more on what do we think the core business is doing from a performance standpoint, which we would view without those swaps and treasuries. We did say, at or near the bottom on NII. I feel good about that, again, assuming the forward curve. The one hesitation I have on that, honestly, Ebrahim, is first quarter, as you know has one fewer day, which has some impact, and always had seasonality in deposit balances. So if you go back a decade other than 2021, which was an anomaly for pandemic-related reasons, we've always been down kind of 1% to 3% on deposit balances in the first quarter. So those are the components we're working through and we'll have a cleaner view on '24 when we guide on the fourth quarter call.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's helpful. All I'm trying to get to is if you're at 920 million in the fourth quarter, the roll off should take that 900 million to 1.1 billion something in that vicinity. And I'm just trying to think what would be the mitigations to get into a 1.1 billion quarterly NII by the end of next year, but that was good color. Thank you. That's all I have.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bill Carcache from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning, Chris and Clark. I wanted to follow up on the points you've made around the NII opportunity from repricing. There's a debate around the possibility that some of the upside from the repricing of the swaps and the securities could be offset by the need to further reduce RWA levels beyond that $10 billion level that you've highlighted. And I think you've talked around some of the surrounding points, but maybe if you could speak to that specifically, that'd be helpful?
Clark Khayat: Yes. So maybe just to clarify so that we're all talking about the same thing, that Page 9 I believe which we've shared a few quarters in a row now, just to make sure, that is focused on specifically the impact from the treasuries and the swaps. So as we've said before, there are other components when rates go up and that improves. There are obviously funding pressures as well that come in and conversely when rates come down and these numbers look a little lower, there's funding pressure relief, so just want to make sure that we are isolating the thing that we're talking about. As it relates to this pool, Bill, this is obviously hedging a portion of the loan book and not all of the loan book. So even if we reduce loans, we expect we would see the benefits here. But there are obviously NII pressures if we were to continue to reduce the loan book beyond what we've talked about. Does that answer your question?
Bill Carcache: Understood. That is helpful. If I may ask separately, I wanted to ask if you have a -- feel like you have a good handle on key customers that had put on swaps when we were still in a low rate environment and are now going to be facing pressure from rates resetting higher? Is there any color that you can give on that dynamic? I know that credit metrics are very good. But I guess any color on that dynamic across your commercial portfolio? And to the extent that you feel that’s contemplated in the allowance that would be great?
Chris Gorman: So there's no -- it's Chris. There's no question. One of the things that we are so focused on and this gets back to the answer that I gave around criticized -- the increase in criticized loans, we are looking at any customers that are exposed to rate increases, however, they are so exposed. And so because we have the primary relationship, we know a lot about these customers. And to the extent we have visibility on that, yes, we are looking at that. And yes, it's factored into our numbers.
Bill Carcache: Understood. Thank you for taking my questions.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Steven Alexopoulos from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Chris Gorman: Hi, Steve.
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to start, so on positive operating leverage, if we look at the third quarter, revenue is down 17% or so year-over-year, expenses flat. Just given the trajectory of revenue through 2023, is there any chance you could deliver positive operating leverage in 2024? And I know you said you plan to hold expenses flat, but do you feel more of a sense of urgency to do more on the expense side? I think the last time you actually delivered positive operating leverage at least of consequence was 2019.
Chris Gorman: So we'll give -- as we mentioned, we're going to give guidance with respect, Steve, to 2024 when we report our fourth quarter numbers, but we do feel the urgency to continue to do more on expenses. And just to remind you, we took out 200 million of expenses in the first quarter, which is about 4%. And we are actively right now, as I mentioned, simplifying our business. We're shrinking RWAs. We will come out with more detail in the fourth quarter. But yes, we do feel a sense of urgency to rationalize the cost base, particularly because, as I said, we're going to be a smaller, simpler company.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Is there any chance you think, Chris, that you do deliver positive operating leverage next year? I know we'll get more next quarter. But how are you thinking right now?
Chris Gorman: We'll know more when we finish our planning for 2024, Steve.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And then separately, obviously a lot of investor focus on your capital levels. I'm curious, given what we've seen out of the 5-year and 10-year part of the curve so far, how does that change the projected AOCI impact for year end for what you're calling out on Slide 13 here?
Clark Khayat: Sorry, Steve. It's Clark. Can you just be a little clearer? How does it change?
Steven Alexopoulos: So in other words, rates are moving up, which is working against your AOCI. You're saying you used the forward curve. I don't believe the forward curve in September contemplated the 5 or 10-year where it is. So were you saying you'll go from negative 6.6 to 6.2? How does that 6.2 change given what we've seen in the intermediate part of the curve?
Clark Khayat: Got it. I don't have that number in front of me. It's obviously up given where we're really sort of focused on the five year. So we have taken as we talked about some steps to at least mitigate that. But clearly when rates are moving at this magnitude, you can't cover all of it. So we continue to watch that closely. We managed TCE I think reasonably well in the quarter given some of those changes that you've talked about. But we're really focused on managing, assuming as Chris said to the contemplated new capital rules and timeframe making sure that we're in a position to get our capital the right level as things phase in and markets move and we'll take the steps that we need to take to be compliant with those rules.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, fair enough. Thanks for taking my questions.
Clark Khayat: Sure. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, there are no further questions in queue. And I would like to turn the conference back to CEO, Chris Gorman, for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks. Thank you again and have a good afternoon. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T event conferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Chris Gorman. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Thank you for joining us for KeyCorp's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Clark Khayat, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. On Slide 2, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosure and certain financial measures, including non-GAAP measures. These statements cover our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I am now moving to Slide 3. Before Clark covers our quarterly earnings results, I want to discuss our strategic priorities and cover the fundamental strengths of our businesses, which continue to perform well despite the challenging operating environment. In our Consumer Bank, we're growing relationship households at an annualized rate of 5%, consistent with our Investor Day target. Our strongest growth continues to be in the West, driven by younger clients. We have also experienced strong growth in wealth management with double-digit year-over-year growth in asset management sales. In our Commercial business, we continue to add and expand relationships through our integrated commercial and investment bank. Our ability to distribute risk serves us well and importantly, serves our clients well through all market conditions. This quarter, we raised $25 billion of capital for our clients, placing 18% of the capital raised on our balance sheet. This is down significantly from the 30% we placed on our balance sheet last quarter. Although capital markets remain challenged, our pipelines are solid. On a year-to-date basis, our M&A revenue is up from the first half of 2022. We expect investment banking fees to be up in the second half of the year. One common theme across our franchises are long-standing strategic commitment to Primacy, having our clients' primary operating account, whether it's an individual or a business. Our focus on primacy is reflected in the quality and diversity of our deposit base. Nearly 60% of our deposits are from retail, small business, wealth and escrow accounts. 80% of our commercial balances are core operating accounts. Further, 97% of our total commercial deposits are from our relationship clients. Importantly, these are long-standing relationships. On average, our retail clients have been clients of key for over 20 years and on average, our commercial clients for over 15 years. This quarter, our period end deposits increased by $1 billion. Additionally, we've seen continued growth in the month of July. In the appendix of our presentation, you can find additional detail regarding the quality and diversity of our deposit base. We continue to proactively manage through volatility as it relates to the macroeconomic environment, the interest rate cycle and potential regulatory changes impacting our industry. Going forward, Key will benefit from a well-defined net interest income opportunity over the next 18 months. As our short-term swaps and treasuries reprice, we will see a net interest income benefit that will reach approximately $900 million on an annual basis by the first quarter of 2025. We also continue to be proactive from both a balance sheet optimization and capital allocation perspective. We are well positioned to build capital and reduce risk-weighted assets. We will continue to prioritize full relationships and exit non-relationship business and non-strategic assets. In the second quarter, our period-end loan balances declined by $1 billion. We will continue to benefit from our strong fee-based businesses, which make up over 40% of our revenue. As capital markets normalize, we will utilize our differentiated platform, driving fee income and naturally reducing our balance sheet. On the capital front, we will benefit as over 44% of our AOCI will roll down over the next 18 months. The next area, I would like to discuss is our exposure to credit in the current environment. Credit losses remained relatively low across the industry. But as we move through the business cycle, asset quality will matter. Today, more than half of our C&I loans are investment grade and over 70% of our consumer originations have a FICO score of 760 or greater. These measures reflect the derisking of our portfolio over the past decade in concert with our underwrite to distribute model. We have limited exposure to leveraged lending, office loans and other high risk categories. B and C class office exposure in Central Business Districts totaled $121 million, two-thirds of our commercial real estate exposure is in multifamily, including affordable housing, which continues to be a significant unmet need in this country. We also continue to benefit from insights gained from our third-party commercial real estate servicing business, as we service over $630 billion of off us real estate exposure. Finally, we will continue to focus on improving productivity and efficiency. Our results this quarter reflect the successful completion earlier this year of a company-wide effort to improve efficiency. Actions completed in the first quarter represented over 4% of our expense base and $200 million in annualized benefit. These efforts remain ongoing as we will identify new opportunities to improve both productivity and efficiency. Before turning the call over to Clark, I want to take a step back. This quarter, we strategically built capital, managed the size of our balance sheet and for the third consecutive quarter, built our allowance for credit losses. As I covered earlier, we will continue to take steps to manage our level of risk-weighted assets in consideration of anticipated regulatory changes. I will close by affirming my confidence is long-term outlook for our business. We have a durable relationship-based business model that will continue to serve our clients, our prospects and deliver value to our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Clark to provide more details on the results for the quarter. Clark?
Clark Khayat: Thanks, Chris. I'm now on Slide 5. For the second quarter, net income from continuing operations was $0.27 per common share, down $0.03 from the prior quarter, and down $0.27 from last year, driven in part by two notable items. Our results included $87 million of additional post-tax provision expense in excess of net charge-offs or $0.09 per share as we continue to build our reserves. We also incurred $21 million of notable post-tax expenses or $0.02 per share. This includes severance costs, refunds on fees and related claims and a Visa, Class B fair value adjustment. Turning to Slide 6. Average loans for the quarter were $120.7 billion, up 11% from the year ago period and up less than 1% from the prior quarter as we continue to support relationship clients. Commercial loans increased 12% from the year ago quarter. Relative to the same period, consumer loans increased 7%. Compared with the first quarter of 2023, commercial loans grew 1%, while consumer loans remained relatively stable. Total loans ended the period at $119 billion, down $1 billion from the prior quarter. Continuing on to Slide 7. Key's long-standing commitment to privacy continues to support a stable, diverse base of core deposits for funding. Our total cost of deposits was 149 basis points in Q2 and our cumulative deposit beta was 39% since the Fed began raising interest rates in March 2022. We remain focused on balance sheet management with an eye toward minimizing the total cost of funds. Average deposits totaled $142.9 billion for the second quarter of 2023, down 3% from the year ago period and were relatively stable across the quarter, down approximately $500 million on average. Year-over-year, we saw declines in retail deposits, driven by elevated spend due to inflation, normalization from elevated pandemic levels and changing client behavior due to higher rates. The decrease in average deposit balances from the prior quarter reflects a continuation of the same trends. Regular seasonal outflows that we saw in April were more than offset in May and June. Deposits ended the period at $145.1 billion, up $1 billion from the prior quarter. Turning to Slide 8. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $986 million for the second quarter compared with $1.1 billion in the year ago and prior quarters, down approximately 11% against both periods. Our net interest margin was 2.12% for the second quarter compared to 2.61% for the same period last year and 2.47% for the prior quarter. Year-over-year, net interest income and the net interest margin were impacted by higher interest-bearing deposit costs, a shift in funding mix to higher cost deposits and growth in wholesale borrowings, which in part supported elevated cash levels. The decline in net interest income was partially offset by higher yield on loans and investments. Relative to the first quarter, our net interest margin was negatively impacted by 28 basis points related to higher interest-bearing deposit costs and 17 basis points from a change in funding mix and liquidity, partly offset by 10 basis points related to higher earning asset yields and earning asset growth. Our swap portfolio and short-dated treasuries reduced net interest income by $340 million and lowered our net interest margin by 73 basis points this quarter. Turning to Slide 9. As previously mentioned, Key has begun to benefit from the maturity of our short-dated swap book, and expects to begin to benefit more significantly from increasing swap and treasury maturities as we move forward. Based on the forward curve, we continue to expect a meaningful benefit, currently estimated at $900 million annualized in the first quarter of 2025. We have continued to take a measured but opportunistic approach to lock in this potential benefit, and this analysis includes the addition of hedging activity undertaken beginning in 4Q 2022 and since. We have not and do not plan to replace the swaps rolling off in 2023, instead allowing natural asset sensitivity of the loan book to come through and benefit from higher short-term rates. Moving to Slide 10. Non-interest income was $609 million for the second quarter of 2023, compared to $688 million for the year ago period and $608 million in the first quarter. The decline in non-interest income from the year ago period reflects a $29 million decline in investment banking and debt placement fees, reflecting lower advisory and syndication fees. Additionally, service charges on deposit accounts declined $27 million, reflecting previously announced and implemented changes in our NSF/OD fee structure and lower account analysis fees related to higher interest rates. The decline in non-interest income from the first quarter reflects a $25 million decline in investment banking and debt placement driven by lower advisory and syndication fees, partially offset by a $10 million increase in corporate services income, reflecting an increase in customer derivative activity. I'm now on Slide 11. Total non-interest expense for the quarter was $1.076 billion, down $2 million from the year ago period and down $100 million from last quarter. Compared with the year ago quarter, net occupancy expense decreased $13 million, reflecting a downsizing of corporate facilities and business service and professional fees decreased $11 million. These decreases were partially offset by a $17 million increase in technology expense and a $15 million increase in personnel expense, reflecting merit increases and higher benefit costs. Compared to the prior quarter, personnel expense decreased $79 million, reflecting lower incentive, stock-based compensation and severance. Additionally, other expense decreased $24 million in the second quarter as the first quarter included restructuring charges related to expense actions. Moving now to Slide 12. Overall credit quality remains solid. For the second quarter, net charge-offs were $52 million, or 17 basis points of average loans. Delinquencies across portfolio has remained relatively stable. Our provision for credit losses was $167 million for the second quarter, which as we have pointed out, exceeded net charge $115 [ph] million, or $87 million after tax. The excess provision increases our allowance for credit losses to 1.49% of period-end loans. Despite the increase in the allowance, our outlook for net charge-offs remains well below our through-the-cycle targeted level of 40 basis points to 60 basis points. Now on to Slide 13. We ended the second quarter with a Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.2%, up from the prior quarter and within our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. This provides us with sufficient capacity to continue to support our relationship customers and their needs. We did not complete any open market share represents in the second order being unmotivated to employee compensation, nor do we expect to engage into material share repurchases in the near term. We will continue to focus our capital and supporting relationship client activity and paying dividends. On the right side of the slide is the expected reduction in our AOCI mark. The AOCI mark declines by approximately 44% by the end of 2024, and 55% by the end of 2025. In alignment with recent public remarks from regulators, we expect that any changes will be implemented with an appropriate comments and phase-in period. Given that, our view is that for any new requirements or reduction in AOCI marks and, more significantly, our future earnings and balance sheet management would allow us to organically accrete capital to the required levels over the necessary period. Slide 14 provides an outlook for the third and fourth quarter of 2023. Third and fourth quarter guidance is given relative to each prior quarter respectively. Similar to our approach in the third quarter of last year, we have shifted our guidance to focus on quarterly results. This provides a clear view of trends heading into year-end using the forward curve as of July 1. Balance sheet trends are tracking mostly as anticipated. We expect average loans to be down 1% to 3% in both the third and fourth quarter versus the prior quarter as we continue to actively manage our balance sheet and recycle capital to support relationship clients. We expect average deposits to be relatively stable in both the third and fourth quarter versus prior periods. Our outlook assumes a cumulative deposit beta approaching 50 by year-end. On a linked-quarter basis, net interest income is expected to decline 4% to 6% in the third quarter and be flat to down 2% in the fourth quarter. As we drive more benefit from the repricing of our swaps and treasuries in 2024, we expect growth in both our net interest income and net interest margin. Our guidance assumes a Fed funds rate reaching 5.5% in the third quarter, remaining flat through year-end. These interest rate assumptions, along with our expectations for customer behavior and the competitive pricing environment, are very fluid and will continue to impact our outlook prospectively. Non-interest income is estimated to be up 2% to 4% in the third quarter and up 4% to 6% in the fourth quarter versus prior periods, reflecting a gradual improvement in capital markets. Non-interest expense is expected to remain relatively stable in both the third and fourth quarters. We assume credit quality remains solid in net charge-offs to average loans to be in the range of 20 to 25 basis points in the third quarter and 25 to 35 basis points in the fourth quarter, both below our expected over-the-cycle targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points. Our guidance for the third and fourth quarter GAAP tax rate is 18% to 19%. Using our quarterly guidance, our full year outlook for 2023 versus the prior year would be the following: net interest income down 12% to 14%, fees down 7% to 9%, expenses relatively stable, net charge-offs of 25 to 30 basis points for the year and a GAAP tax rate of 18% to 19%. We feel confident in the foundation of our business, in our diverse high-quality deposit base the durability of our balanced franchise and our improved risk profile. Despite near-term headwinds, we continue to be focused on execution in 2023 and positioning the company to benefit from the strong long-term core earnings power of our businesses. With that, I will now turn the call back to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] One moment, at least for the first question. That will come from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Hey, Clark I wanted to talk about the NII outlook. So the pace of NII degradation looks like it should slow considerably in the second half, the fourth quarter, especially. Maybe a little more color on the main factors you see that would allow that to happen. I know you sort of rationalize the beta expectation, and of course you've got the treasuries and swaps, but just curious to hear from your view, the sort of main factors in that outlook?
Clark Khayat: Sure. Thanks, Scott. And I think this will be a topic worth spending a little time on. So first, let me just remind you that the 212 NIM would have been 285 without the swaps and treasuries, which were about $340 million in the quarter, just to give you kind of a level set. If we go back to recent -- the most recent guidance, we would have guided you to the second quarter being at or near the bottom. So to your point, Scott, it's a little bit of a continued decline. What I'd say is the fundamentals of our business are very consistent with that comment. What's changed is the rate expectation in the back half of the year. So at that time, we were expecting two cuts in the fourth quarter. As I stated in the prepared remarks, we're now going to see kind of a one hike and it flat through the end of the year. And I think the implication of that is the betas will drift a little higher through the back half of the year, and the swaps and the treasuries will be a little bit bigger drag than we previously expected. That said, we do think that both of those factors are moderating. So we're seeing deposit balances stabilize, and we're seeing the slope of that beta increase flatten. And we're continuing to see swaps mature and the treasury portfolio will begin to mature now in the third quarter. So we'll see opportunity as those two books come off. So what we're seeing then is that flattening of the NII and NIM trajectory as we go into fourth quarter, and we wanted to reflect that by providing guidance for each individual quarter. As we go beyond that into 2024, I think we'll start to see a pickup. Slide 9 isolates the swap and treasury portfolio, so consistent with what we did last quarter. As I stated a few minutes ago, $340 million drag in Q2 or 73 basis points. And the way I'd think about it just in its simplest terms is $9 million US treasuries that start maturing in this quarter, with basically an average yield, think, of 45 basis points and $10.3 billion of swaps between now and the end of 2024, with a received fixed rate between 40 and 50 basis points. So put those together, you're looking at close to $20 billion with an almost 5% yield pickup by the end of 2024, and that's what gets you to the $90 million or 220 per quarter -- 230, sorry, per quarter that we have on slide 9 in the deck as of Q1 2025. So again, in that case, we're trying to isolate just the treasuries and swaps and provide as much transparency as we can there on these specific headwinds. What I would say that doesn't include is the relative betas or funding costs that go with that. But I just want to touch on that because, again, I think it's important to understand. If you look at the $720 million, which is equivalent to the $900 million that we quote this quarter, that was consistent with a different rate environment, where rates were coming down at the end of the quarter or the end of the year and we would have had a muted -- slightly muted impact on the NII pickup. As I just said, rates, we think, are going to be higher now. The betas will be higher. But commensurately, the pickup in those swaps and treasuries has gone from $720 million to $900 million. So those are going to move in sync. Slide 9 is intended to be, again, isolated to the treasuries and swaps just to make sure we're giving you as much disclosure on those as we can.
Scott Siefers: Okay. That's extraordinarily helpful color. So I appreciate that. And I don't want to put words in your mouth, but in the aggregate, would your expectation be that NII ends up sort of bottoming around end of this year, maybe early next year, but then does see a more visible inflection back up as sort of the pricing dynamics weighing on funding costs, but you then start to get a more material and visible benefit from the swap and treasury maturities. Is that the best way to think about it?
Clark Khayat: Yeah, I think that was very well stated.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right. Perfect. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Clark Khayat: Yeah. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Just wanted to follow-up, I think, on the same line of questioning that Scott around NII. So appreciate the lift from swaps and treasuries. I think the concern when you talk to investors has been the valley before we get to that point has kept getting deeper throughout the year. When we look at this guidance for the back half, I think, Clark, you mentioned implies negative 12% year-over-year. Give us a sense of just a level of confidence in that guidance, that this is it, absent any big change in the interest rate backdrop, how good do you feel and the level of visibility that you have? And I appreciate it's been tough for the entire industry to handicap this, but any color you can provide would be helpful.
A – Clark Khayat: Sure. So look, I think the biggest change as we've gone through the year has been the rate level. So given your commentary on sort of relatively stable rates, I think we feel very good about the trajectory we're sharing here. And I would say, overall, our deposit betas, I feel like, are very much in line with the peer group. We did some catching up because we outperformed last year, but I feel like that's very consistent with what's happening in the industry, and we just happen to have these specific headwinds right now on swaps and treasuries. But again, as those come off, we think we're prepared to get the benefit of that. So I would say that in the expected rate environment, our confidence would be good.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And second question, I think Chris talked about 2 things. One is focus on expenses. I see the guidance for flat expenses for the back half. Give us a sense, if there's a bigger opportunity around flexing expense leverage as we move into back half, and as at least the Street thinks about 2024 EPS and also around any proactive RWA actions. I think you mentioned getting rid of or exiting nonstrategic relationships. How impactful could that be for capital?
A – Christopher Gorman: Sure. So that's a great question. And as you put them together, they are closely related. So if you just step back here, here's how we see the future as all the regs unfold. What's not going to change for us, Ebrahim, is we're going to remain focused on our relationship model. We're going to stay focused on targeted scale. But I think there's going to be incredible and intense scrutiny around the duration, the granularity, the composition of the deposit base, and that's one of the reasons that Clark talked about that we pivoted and made sure we protected our deposits, whereas we were kind of leading in terms of not having a lot of beta. Next gets to -- I think there's -- and this gets directly to your question. I think there's going to be a significant change in loan-to-deposit ratios. As you kind of run all this through your models and we run it through our models, I think loan-to-deposit ratios for Category 4 banks, if they're mid-80s now, they're going to be significantly less. And we are very focused on this. And so keep in mind, last year, we grew our loans kind of high double digits. I mean like around 19%, I should say, high teens. And then we were on a path to grow 6% to 9%, but that all happened in the first quarter before the events of March. And we not only stopped that growth, but actually pushed it back $1 billion by the end of this quarter, which I think is really, really important. And right now, what we're doing is we are scrutinizing every portfolio we have in the bank. I've always said that on a risk-adjusted basis, most loans -- most standalone loans don't return their cost of capital. And if you think about having to carry more capital and you think about the capital that you have being a lot more expensive, then you can rest assured there will be a lot of credit-only relationships that won't be strategic to us. So we'll preserve our capital for those relationships. As you know, we can do a lot with them. But we will be continuing to push down our assets. And you see in the guidance that Clark gave you, we're looking at average loans being down 1% to 3% in the third quarter and down 1% to 3% in the fourth quarter, we will hit that. So -- and then the second part of your question, which is also related, as we shrink the balance sheet, we're going to have to make sure that our expense base is rightsized for the future asset base of our company. And rest assured, we're looking at that as well.
Ebrahim Poonawala: And Chris, if I may squeeze one in. Just give us a sense of the dividend. There's been a lot of focus, the 7% dividend yield. As the Chairman of the Board, I know it's evaluated every quarter, but how confident are you in terms of dividend sustainability as we kind of plug through the back half into 2024?
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, the headline there is I am confident. But as a Board member, we spend a lot of time talking about strategy and talking about dividend policy. We manage the company for the long-term. And the dividend policy is no exception. Our capital priorities, as I just mentioned, are unchanged, is to support our clients, our prospects and to pay dividends. And to your point, last week, our Board did approve a $0.205 third quarter dividend. Keep in mind, over our history, we have paid out 80% very, very often. It's just been in the form of both buybacks and a cash dividend. So we're obviously paying close attention to that. I feel good about it. Let me talk a little bit about capital because it's so related. This -- in spite of some of the challenges Clark mentioned, this quarter, we grew capital. We paid a $0.205 dividend, and we built reserves. And so as we think about taking this long-term perspective, when you look at our normalized earnings power of our company, and that is the reversal of the NII headwind into a tailwind and also having a reasonable expectation around investment banking fees, the earnings power of the company is strong. We can build capital there. Clark mentioned the AOCI burn down, 44% by 12/31 2024, 55% by 12/31 2025. And then, as I just mentioned, this game plan that we have around risk-weighted assets will be important. And then the last thing that I think is really important -- and it's going to be important, I think, as the cycle continues to play out is we have a well-positioned credit book. And there's nothing that destroys capital faster and bigger hunks than having a bunch of credit losses. And so I put all those things together, we take a long-term perspective on the dividend. We feel good about it.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Very helpful color. Thank you so much.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Thank you. Ebrahim.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hey, guys. Just a couple of follow-ups on the loan side. Obviously, you said that your retaining a little bit -- you're back to kind of that upper teens point of your investment banking originations. And I'm just wondering, does that have any throughput in terms of the ability to generate business in the investment bank? And I guess connected just then, your confidence in the second half improvement in the investment bank, is that because you start – you're starting to see things get back out the door as opposed to keep on the balance sheet like you have been doing for the last couple of years?
Chris Gorman: Well, first of all, thank you for your question, Ken. It's complicated by the fact that, as usual, mix has a lot to do with it. So we actually distributed a lot of debt in the second quarter. The reality is a lot of it was investment grade. So in terms of investment banking fees, not so great. In terms of keeping the velocity of our balance sheet, very, very important. But the premise of your question, as we look to shrink our balance sheet, the ability to distribute paper to a lot of different places will be -- will, in fact, be important. And so that will be an important part of the mix. In terms of what I'm seeing, here's kind of what I'm saying. One, our M&A backlog year-over-year is up. Our total backlog is down, but down kind of mid-single digits which is really not a big deal. What I'm most encouraged by is not that I'm seeing things coming out of the pipeline. Obviously, in the equity market, we're starting to see that. You're seeing that for sure. But what I'm really pleased with is I talk to our clients all the time -- in fact, as recently as yesterday, I talked to one of our large clients who is proceeding with a transaction that's been sort of percolating for some time as people kind of go through the price discovery. So it's really more a gut feel on my part having been around this business just for so long.
Ken Usdin: Got it. And just one more. Laurel Road, some cost factors there, too, obviously, with the debt moratorium and what happens there. But just as far as also being -- scrutinizing every incremental loan that you're making, just can you talk about the Laurel Road specifically, but how you're also thinking through that in terms of the other consumer portfolios.
Chris Gorman: Sure. I'll start, and then I'm going to flip it over to Clark. But it's a great question and it's one, as we sort of have gone through our reset, we've spent a lot of time talking about these capabilities that we need to make sure we have. Before we bought Laurel Road, they securitized and distributed 100% of their loans. Going forward, we're going to be securitizing and distributing their loans. We have the people and we have the ability to do it. So it's a really good question. While I'm on the point of Laurel Road, the other thing we've done on Laurel Road is we really made two pivots in what's been going on with the federal student loan payment holiday. One, we turned it into a complete digital platform, whereby we can have loans, deposits, importantly, checking account, card, mortgage, et cetera. The other thing that we did is when we bought GradFin, and we're in the early days of this, Ken, but GradFin is a market leader in advising people around not only public service loan forgiveness, but the whole income-based debt repayment which the government is really opening up the aperture for. It's falsely complex and you need someone to sort of help you through it, which is a good thing. But that's another pivot that we've made there. But getting back to your question about sort of our asset-light model. Clark, why don't you talk about -- speak to that, particularly around mortgage as well.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So I think largely, we're going to look to continue to distribute. I mean we do have capabilities now, where we distribute a lot of debt. We're going to expand that more consistently, I think, to the consumer side. The point I think on Laurel Road that Chris made that I just want to reiterate is we never acquired it to be a student loan only generator, that was kind of the headline. It was intended to be a full-service banking platform, and we continue to build toward that, and we think it's got some really unique. And differentiated capability around this income-driven repayment and public service loan forgiveness, and you may have seen some commentary out of the government in the past week around the IDR specifically and some of the complexities of that, which I think will accrue to our benefit over time. .
Ken Usdin: Got it. So, if I can wrap that together, is it fair to say that the trade-off of less NII -- less loan growth over time getting the LDR down, you'll sacrifice some NII help on the capital side and then move towards more of a fee-generating model just in terms -- yeah.
Clark Khayat: Yeah. I think that's the right idea. I think we're also demonstrating more deposit growing capability there. And again, we're still relatively new in having those capabilities. But I think that's the right way to think about it. So, more of a fee advice and core banking generator than a loan shot.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Clark Khayat: Yep.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Just going back to the $900 million on slide 9 of the NII pickup from treasury and swap maturities. So let me just ask it this way, aside from a change in the rate backdrop and your interest rate outlook, what could prevent you from realizing that? I know, there's a fair amount of investor skepticism around the ability of that $900 million to find its way into the numbers. From your perspective, how do you size up the risks? What are the -- the risk that you do not realize in that? What gets in the way? Is it more on the deposit side, or is it an asset side of the picture that could prevent that from being realized?
Clark Khayat: Yeah. So I think, I mean, the rate available when the treasuries and swaps mature is sort of the single biggest factor, and that would be -- would have been reflected in the $720 million moving to $900 million. So -- and again, that's isolating kind of the income portion of that. I do think there's a couple of variables. So think about the treasuries, whether or not we reinvest them in the market, use them as replacement funding or hold them in cash. Today, those are relatively neutral. Over time, if there's a disparity between those three, you might see a little bit of pickup or drop depending on which decision we make. But today, it's kind of a push across all three of those. And then your other point was right, which is the funding side of this. So I tried to reflect that as well in my comments of lower beta expectations at the end of Q1, when we showed you a $720 million opportunity, higher beta expectations here today, but that opportunity has gone up kind of in a related way. So, I don't know and I don't want to pretend those are kind of one-to-one tide, but I would think about those moving at least in a fairly correlated direction.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. All right. Thank you. And then separately, as you continue to exit the -- or as you're evaluating the non-strategic businesses and other optimization, just to confirm, any progress you make incrementally on that front that would be in addition, like to the guidance of a decline of 1% to 3% on the loan front? So, anything on the incremental optimization that would provide -- that would lead to potential incremental downside to those numbers.
Clark Khayat: I think if there was something more significant than what Chris referred to, which is maybe a very active management of the business, that would be incremental. But I think what we've built into this guidance is how we're running the business right now.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. I want to follow-up on the kind of capital line of questions. I guess the first thing is a lot of your peers seem to be targeting 10% plus on the CET1. And obviously, there's capital proposals coming out. But I guess first question is what are your thoughts in terms of that 9% to 9.5% target moving closer to 10% to 10.5% like some of your peers?
Chris Gorman: So, Matt, we think 9% to 9.5% is the right number for us given our business mix. If you think about 50% of our C&I book being investment grade, if you think about the fact that we don't have really any credit card business to speak of, if you think about the fact that a funding -- we have FICO scores in our consumer business of 760 or so, we think it's the right number. And obviously, at 9.2% and having grown it from 9.1% this quarter, we're right in the strike zone. Having said all of that, we, like everybody else, will wait and digest anything that comes out in the not-too-distant future and reevaluate it at that point. But for our business, right now, we feel that's the right number.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then in terms of the RWA optimization, is it possible to size that or give a range and the timing of when you'll get the benefit of that?
Chris Gorman: We're looking at a lot of different things. But right now, I'm most comfortable just directing you to the guidance that we gave around loans. But as I mentioned, we're looking at other things as well. I'll leave it at that.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, Matt.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning. I wanted to clarify your comments earlier on the call that you believe that the LDRs for the industry and Category 4 banks, in particular, will have to move lower. Does that mean that you have some room to optimize some of your non-deposit funding like longer-term debt, or is that unlikely given the potential for TLAC rules to also apply for Category 4 banks?
Clark Khayat: Yes. So, I think that we do have that, and you would have seen us do a little bit of that even here in the second quarter. So, I think your follow-on question around TLAC or long-term debt is the right one as well. And we'll wait, as Chris just mentioned, for the proposed and final rules. But we do think that reduction in loan to deposit over time gives us an opportunity to reduced reliance on wholesale funding.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Okay. And then maybe on the credit side, given the ACL was up this quarter as well. Was that entirely model-driven? And I guess how much of a buildup -- is there more of a buildup to do? And what sort of an environment do you have baked into that current reserve ratio?
Chris Gorman: Sure. So, just from a CECL perspective, obviously, it's very forward-looking. In terms of what percentage is model-driven, what percent is kind of portfolio driven, I think you can assume it's kind of sort of half and half. And my assumption is that -- just to step back for a second. My assumption is that we will have -- I think the Fed is going to successfully engineer a soft landing. I think it will probably happen in 2024. Having said that, what I don't think is yet in the market is the impact of and also the impact of banks tightening down on credit. And I think both of those will have an impact on the economy. And as such, we're pretty conservative in terms of how we look at things. And so the first thing we always do is look at anything that is leveraged and anything where the cash flows could be in any way impacted by a slowing economy. So that's kind of the lens that we looked at it. There is nothing specific. There's nothing that we're particularly worried about. We kind of looked across all the portfolios.
Manan Gosalia: So as we -- if we do move towards a soft landing, would that imply that you don't need the ACL ratios to really move higher?
Chris Gorman: Yes. Right now, I feel like we have reserved what we need to reserve, for sure.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Can you hear me?
Chris Gorman: Yes, Mike, we can. Good morning.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Good morning. So you're guiding NII down 4% to 6% in the third quarter and another 0% to 2% in the fourth quarter. What does that mean for your NIM? Even in broad terms, it was -- I guess, it was 2.12% in the second quarter?
Clark Khayat: Yes, we would expect it to be relatively flat in the third quarter and then start to trend up.
Mike Mayo: Okay. So my question is, look, that's the lowest core margin possibly ever, at least since the global financial crisis. I mean, that is such a slim margin here. And then -- so I guess, why such a low margin? And even after the increase, I guess I get to around NII of about $1.15 billion per quarter, which is where you were in the second quarter 2022, which is before the Fed rate hikes. And you can correct the math, but you're using the midpoint to your NII of $986 million, goes down to $937 million next quarter and then $927 million in the fourth quarter. And then I guess you're saying it goes up by about one-fourth from there by the end of the year, right? So $927 million plus 1/4 of that $900 million annualized, gets you around 11 50 NII. So I'm throwing a lot of numbers around here. But in the end, you wind up with a NIM, you wind up with NII that's at a level before the Fed rate hikes. So even with the potential improvement next year, which would be an incremental positive, you're still not getting credit for any of the Fed rate hikes that took place. So what happened with the structural positioning of the balance sheet that leads to such a low NIM and NII?
Clark Khayat: So I mean what I -- where I'd start there, Mike, is that if you look at the composition of our loan book in general, it is, in our view, higher credit quality, but higher credit quality comes generally with lower yields. So we have over 50% of our C&I book is investment grade, we have super-prime consumer books. So those are not going to carry the same rates broadly is something like credit card, which we have very little exposure to or personal consumer loans, which we have very little exposure to. So in that regard, we're starting probably structurally a little bit lower NII, but the counter to that is what we think is a higher credit quality book. So I'll have to go back through the specific math you have there, but -- and I'm happy to do that and talk about it offline. But I think that's at least a starting point. But we think, over time, NIM that starts with a 3 is not an unreasonable place for us to be.
Mike Mayo: And so is that right, so next year, you're guiding basically -- from the fourth quarter level where it stabilizes, at least the NII should go up by about one-fourth by the end of the year. In other words, you're guiding basically close to $900 million for the fourth quarter or a little above. And then you're saying you're gaining $900 million annualized by the end of next year. So that would imply NII would go one-fourth higher from that fourth quarter level, all else equal. Is that correct, the logic?
Clark Khayat: Not exactly. So the $900 million is annualized as of the first quarter of 2025.
Mike Mayo: Okay. So, just a little bit later. Got it. But eventually, NII goes up by one-fourth.
Clark Khayat: Correct.
Mike Mayo: And I said the words, all else equal, but what would not be equal? What could help -- say NII, what could help that NIM go back from 2% to 3%? What is that logic missing?
Clark Khayat: Well, I think, it's -- I mean, the obvious one right there is the 73 basis points that comes from swaps and treasuries. So that's what we're talking about. And betas, I think, getting -- or general rates and betas getting kind of more in line with historical averages, or overall funding costs. So as we just talked about, we have some opportunity to reduce some wholesale funding, which is obviously expensive, and we're still yet to see pull-through on loan spreads. So I think there's a variety of factors that could improve that, many of which we are either not experienced at the moment or haven't seen kind of broadly in the industry.
Mike Mayo: And then last one, Chris, you started off saying you expect investment banking to be stronger in the second half of the year. There's been some drought for the industry. What gives you confidence either for the industry for Key or for both?
Chris Gorman: Mike, I was just -- I mentioned this earlier in the conversation. It is based on my experience being around this business as long as I have. People will defer transactions for so long, but eventually sort of the logjam starts to break. I think we're starting to see it a little bit in the new issue equity business. And I've just been out talking to clients. And I think people that have put deals on hold now for 12 months, either these deals are going to start to happen, or they're going to move on and do something else. So, it's based on, one, just looking and scrutinizing the backlog. And then secondly, just more instinctive, as I'm out talking to people.
Mike Mayo: So fish or cut bait time?
Chris Gorman: Yes, for sure.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian: Hi. First question from…
Chris Gorman: Hi, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Hey. What was your adjusted CET1 in the quarter, including AOCI? And I presume at 9%, 9.5% CET1 target would be like your fully loaded target even after we get an NPR that would be inclusive of AOCI and CET1?
Clark Khayat: Yes. So, whatever that ultimate target is, Erika, will reflect the appropriate rules. So if the AOCI of that is eliminated, then yes, I think you stated that correctly. So, 630 that level for AOCI AFS is about 630.
Erika Najarian: Got it. So, my second question is for you, Chris. And I apologize if this sounds challenging, but this is sort of the big conversation that I'm having with long-term shareholders. Clearly, the stock price performance today is trying to price out some of the dividend fears that were in the market given where your yield is. And I think the big discussion I'm having with your investors is that, that 80% payout, right, that you mentioned and that happened for this quarter, it feels like three years ago sort of in the pandemic, you were getting the same question about the sustainability of your dividend. And it feels like at the end of the day, it's really the denominator that has been challenged. So, whether it's been expenses previously or steady having the balance sheet set up to have these received fixed rates that essentially imply a zero rate environment forever, it just feels like your efficiency ratio isn't just quite right and doesn't really reflect the potential of the business. So, as you think about the next three years, how are you -- what discussion are you going to have with your Board to have that earning -- the potential of your franchise really be reflected in your earnings power? I mean the NIM is the NIM, and I get the swaps. But like I feel like that -- gets wrapped up in the dividend conversation at the entire time, not necessarily because the dividend is an albatross, but it feels like that your earnings power is sensitive to vagaries of the macro?
Chris Gorman: Well, first of all, I appreciate the question. I agree with the premise of it. Our business -- the challenging thing for us, and we just -- I was with my Board last week and we were talking at length about this, our challenge is our business is performing well. We clearly are under-earning, and we're under-earning based on how we have our balance sheet position. And that's why I mentioned one of the things that gives me confidence, Erika, is when we get the normalized earnings power of the company, we just talked about investment banking fees, that's driven by something else. But what we really need is the position that we have, which is liability sensitive at a time when you wouldn't want to be liability sensitive, we need for that to burn off. And the passage of time will do a lot on that. Unfortunately, it is the passage of time. But as I mentioned, the burn down between now and 12/31/2024, and 55%, this is as it relates to AOCI by 12/31/2025. So, that is the issue. And I think we are -- said differently, we are under-earning right now and we will be over-earning as the position unwinds and rolls down.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Hey, Chris and Clark.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Chris, you touched on in your opening remarks about the commercial mortgage servicing portfolio, I think you said $630 billion. Can you share with us the special servicing segment within that business? Obviously, with the challenges in the commercial real estate market, particularly in the CMBS market, I suspect your special servicing business has picked up, and maybe some color there?
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, thanks for the question. It's a great business – it's a great business because it generates a bunch of deposits through escrows, which are more important today than they ever have been in my career. It's also important because it's countercyclical. So for those of you that aren't as familiar with the business, we are the named special servicer when a large complex debt financing is put together. And so when you're the named special servicer, you get sort of what I would think of as sort of a ticking fee. And then if, in fact, it goes into default, and this is all off us real estate, we are the workout agent. And to Gerard's point, we just set for the second quarter in a row a record in terms of special servicing fees. And so I think that will continue. And this won't surprise you, Gerard, but more than two-thirds of what is in active special servicing is office. And I think that's going to continue. And I think office is going to be -- it's not going to be a challenge for Key because it's not an asset class we focus on. But I think office is going to continue to be a significant challenge.
Gerard Cassidy: And Chris, based on your experience with this, these fees stay with you for a while since the workout phase takes quite a bit of time?
Chris Gorman: Yes, it's -- these are very large -- think of kind of very large advisory fees that take a lot of people. These are very complex capital structures. It's not unusual for these fees on a single deal to be $5 million, $6 million, $7 million.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And then sticking with this, can you share with us -- just on the commercial loans, not commercial real estate necessarily, just what you guys are doing to get out in front of any potential challenges we could see if the economy? I know you said soft landing is what you're thinking. But if the economy does lead to more delinquencies and defaults, what are you guys doing now in front of that?
Chris Gorman: Yes. Well, this is an area where we spend a lot of time. We are -- as it relates to the C&I book, particularly focused on anything that has floating rate debt that's leveraged. And so for us, our leverage book literally is the same than it was a decade ago. It's under 2% of our loans and it's focused on our industry verticals. But we are -- there's a lot of us -- Mark Midkiff is in the room with me, who is our Chief Risk Officer, he and I and others are laying eyes on this. We feel really good about where the portfolio is. But any time you go into an environment where you have declining EBITDA and a business with a lot of leverage and the cost of capital going up, you got to pay close attention. And that's where we pay very close attention. We feel good about -- we feel really good about all of our portfolios, but that's where I spend sort of my time because that's what's most vulnerable.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, Gerard.
Operator: And we'll go next to Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Steve Alexopoulos.
Steven Alexopoulos: I wanted to first follow up on your answer, Chris, to Ebrahim's question. Are you signaling that the door is not open at all in terms of potentially rightsizing the dividend?
Chris Gorman: I wouldn't say, it's not open at all. The reason I would put that caveat is, I've yet to see the new capital rules. But what I'm saying is, I'm very comfortable with our dividend payout and the trajectory of our business under the current construct.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then on the fee income guide, I heard the messaging around green shoots and capital markets. But are those really needed to get us to this range, right, the up 4% to 6% and then -- sorry, up 2% to 4% and then 4% to 6%? Are there other factors, which give us some cushion, if the IDDs fees don't come back, that you could still deliver on the fee income guide?
Chris Gorman: There's other areas where we have cushion, but I mean, investment banking fees are a big component of that. And we need to have more trajectory in the back half of the year on investment banking fees than we did in the front half of the year in order to hit these numbers.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Okay. And then finally, just a big picture view. Obviously, a lot of questions about NIM, I'm just as surprised as Mike seeing 2/12. For Clark, how do you think about managing the balance sheet and interest rate risk differently so you don't get in this situation again where the NIM is this low dividend payout ratio that's high, you're missing on the NII guidance, which is really all tied to what we're seeing on the swaps? But how do you think about big picture? So once you do get into a 3% NIM range that you sort of hang around there? Thanks.
Clark Khayat: Yeah. It's a great question. I think -- and it probably requires a longer answer. But short story, Steve, I think you just have to be probably considering a variety of additional scenarios and being a little bit more dynamic in the direction and pace of rate movements. So I think if rates had moved in an orderly fashion, this would be much less of an issue. They did not, as you know, and I think we just have to be more dynamic in our thinking about putting on certain positions.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no further questions in queue at the time. I'll turn it back to Mr. Gorman.
Chris Gorman: Well, thank you so much, operator. Thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct it to our Investor Relations team, 216-689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you, everybody. Have a good afternoon or good morning.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event Conferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-20 15:50:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Chris Gorman. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Well, good morning, and thank you for joining us for KeyCorp's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Clark Khayat, our Chief Financial Officer; Don Kimble, our Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. On slide 2, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I am now moving to slide 3. Before I comment on our quarterly results, I want to touch on three areas that I know have been top of mind for investors, namely deposits, capital and credit quality. Key has significantly strengthened each of these areas over the last decade. We have de-risked our business and built a differentiated franchise that is well positioned for all business conditions, including the current environment. Key's relationship-based business model provides us with strong granular deposit base and with attractive lending and fee-based opportunities. Our long-term standing strategic commitment to primacy that is serving as our client's primary bank continues to serve us well. Over 60% of our deposit balances are from consumers, wealth clients, small businesses and escrow accounts. Over 80% of our commercial balances are core operating accounts. The diversity of our deposits extends across client type, account size, industry and geography. Our deposits come from 3.5 million retail, small business private banking and commercial customers with 56% covered by FDIC insurance and an additional 10% of balances that are collateralized. In the first quarter, our period-end deposits remained stable and balances from March 31 to present remain relatively unchanged. With respect to capital, Key's position remains strong with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.1%. This positions us well to execute against our capital priorities, including supporting our clients. We are also aware of the heightened focus on accumulated other comprehensive income, AOCI. AOCI improved this quarter by 13%, which drove a 20 basis point improvement in our tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio. Our capital position will benefit from the expected $2 billion improvement and AOCI by 12/31/24. Credit quality remains strong, once again reflecting our proactive and intentional de-risking over the past decade. In our consumer bank, we serve a wide range of clients. Our weighted average FICO score at origination is above 770. In our commercial bank, 82% of our credit exposure is to relationship clients and 56% of our C&I portfolio is investment grade. We have built a strong originate-to-distribute model that strengthens our risk management and allows us to offer our clients a wide range of on and off-balance sheet financing options. In the first quarter, we raised $26 billion for our clients. Another area getting attention is commercial real estate. Our largest exposure is multifamily, including a growing affordable housing segment. There exists a significant shortage of available housing broadly and affordable housing specifically in the United States today. As such, affordable housing will continue to receive bipartisan government support. Importantly, we have limited exposure to high-risk areas such as office, lodging and retail. We also have unique insights into commercial real estate through our third-party commercial loan servicing business. Not only is this a great business with over $630 billion of servicing assets, but the business provides us with unique insight into the markets, which vary greatly by asset type and geography. Each of these three areas that I've covered; deposits, capital and credit quality provide a foundation and support the long-term earnings power of our company. With that as a backdrop, let me move to slide 4 and touch on a few quarterly highlights before I turn it over to Clark to cover the quarter in detail. This morning, we reported earnings of $275 million or $0.30 per common share. Our results included $126 million or $0.14 per share as a result of both our increase in allowance for credit losses and the expense actions we previously announced. The build in our allowance for credit losses is principally model-driven and reflective of a greater range of outcomes as we look ahead. Our strong credit quality and guidance for net charge-offs, however, remain unchanged. Our expense actions this quarter were part of a company-wide effort to improve efficiency and support reinvestment back into our business. We completed actions this quarter, which represented over 4% of our expense base or $200 million in annualized benefit. This will allow us to hold non-interest expense relatively flat in spite of persistent inflation. Our results this quarter were driven by year-over-year growth in both our consumer and commercial businesses. In our consumer business, we grew new households at a pace supporting our Investor Day target. Our commercial businesses also continued to add and expand relationships. Recent market disruption has provided us with further opportunity to acquire clients and opportunistically add high-quality bankers to the platform. Net interest income declined from the fourth quarter, reflecting higher interest-bearing deposit costs and a shift in funding mix. Net interest income was also negatively impacted by our received fixed rate swaps, which are used to hedge our floating rate portfolio. Swaps and treasuries reduced net interest income by $317 million this quarter and lowered our net interest margin by 72 basis points. Given the short duration of our swaps and treasuries and the meaningful repricing opportunity, we will see significant benefit to our net interest income beginning late this year and extending into 2024 and beyond. We have continued to take actions to lock in the net interest income benefit going forward. Clark will cover our interest rate positioning in detail during his presentation. Our fee based businesses in the first quarter showed several areas of strength, but overall reflected expected weakness in capital markets. Although the market remains challenging, we did experience a record first quarter in our M&A advisory business. While we do not anticipate a significant pickup in our capital markets business in the first half of the year, we continue to expect deal activity to pick up sometime in the second half. As I pointed out on the prior slide, credit quality remained strong this quarter, with net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans of 15 basis points. Our credit losses remain near historic lows and we remain confident in the way we have positioned our portfolio consistent with our moderate risk profile. Despite the market disruption, we have not lost focus on driving our targeted scaled strategy and investing in points of differentiation. In our Wealth business, for example, which currently has 54 billion in assets under management, we are bringing the power and capabilities of our private bank to better serve mass affluent client through our retail channel. Our Laurel Road business is expanding to serve the distinct needs of healthcare professionals through hospital system partnerships. In our commercial businesses we are empowering our relationship managers with a comprehensive suite of pools to enhance productivity and to better support our clients. I remain confident and key in the long term outlook for our business. We have durable relationship based businesses that will continue to serve our clients our prospects and deliver value to our shareholders. Lastly, I would like to thank our 18,000 employees for what they do each and every day to serve our clients. With that, I'll turn it over to Clark to provide more details on the results of the quarter and our 2023 outlook. Clark?
Clark Khayat: Thanks, Chris, and good morning. I'm now on slide six. For the first quarter, net income from continuing operations was $0.30 per common share, down $0.08 from the prior quarter and down $0.15 from last year, driven in part by two notable items. We incurred $64 million of restructuring expense or $0.06 per share, which included $36 million of severance and other related costs and $28 million of corporate real estate related rationalization and other contract terminations or renegotiations. Our results also included $94 million of additional provision expense in excess of charge-offs or $0.08 per share as we continue to build our reserves, reflecting a more cautious economic outlook and view on home prices. Turning to slide seven. Average loans for the quarter were $119.8 billion, up 16% from the year ago period and up 2% from the prior quarter, as we continue to support relationship clients. Commercial loans increased 15% from the year ago quarter. Relative to the same period, consumer loans increased 16%, reflecting growth in consumer mortgage. Compared with the fourth quarter of 2022, commercial loans grew 3%. Our commercial growth continues to reflect the strength in our targeted industry verticals and support for our relationship clients. Continuing on to slide eight. Average deposits totaled $143.4 billion for the first quarter of 2023, down 5% from the year ago period and down $2.3 billion or 2% compared to the prior quarter. Year-over-year, we saw declines in retail deposits, driven by elevated spend due to inflation, normalization from pandemic levels and changing client behavior due to higher rates. Commercial balances, which included $6 billion of brokered deposits remained relatively flat. The decrease in deposits from the prior quarter reflects a continuation of these same trends. Interest-bearing deposit costs increased 62 basis points from the prior quarter and our cumulative deposit beta was 29% since the Fed began raising interest rates in March 2022. Our outlook for 2023 now assumes a cumulative deposit beta peaking in the low 40s. Turning to slide 9. We wanted to provide incremental detail on the granularity and composition of our $143 billion deposit portfolio. At the end of the first quarter, approximately 54% of our deposits came from consumer, wealth and small business clients. An incremental 6% of deposits are from low-cost, stable escrow balances. The remaining approximately 40% of our deposits comes from our large corporate and middle market commercial clients. Over 80% of commercial segment deposit balances are from core operating accounts. Our total deposit -- of our total deposits, 56% are covered by FDIC insurance, while an additional 10% are collateralized. We maintain access to enough liquidity to cover over 150% of uninsured and uncollateralized deposits. The quality of our deposit base derives from the strength of our relationship-based strategy, which is benefited key both from a balanced stability and cost perspective. At period end, our loan-to-deposit ratio was 84%. Now moving to slide 10. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.1 billion for the first quarter compared with $1 billion in the year ago quarter and $1.2 billion in the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.47% for the first quarter compared to 2.46% for the same period last year and 2.73% for the prior quarter. Year-over-year, net interest income and the net interest margin benefited from higher earning asset balances and higher interest rates, partly offset by higher interest-bearing deposit costs and a shift in funding mix. Relative to Q4, our net interest margin was negatively impacted by 22 basis points related to higher interest-bearing deposit costs and 22 basis points from a change in funding mix and liquidity and loan fees, partly offset by 18 basis points related to higher interest rates and earning asset growth. As Chris noted earlier, our swap portfolio and short-dated treasuries reduced net interest margin by 72 basis points in the quarter. Additionally, the net interest income was lower, reflecting two fewer days in the quarter. Turning to slide 11. As previously mentioned, Key stands to benefit significantly from the maturity of our short-dated swap book in treasuries. This opportunity is consistent with the $1 billion of upside we've been talking about over the last few quarters. While we recently offered more detail on the swaps and treasuries by quarter and interest rate, we thought it would be valuable to include a view on the realization of that potential value in both timing and amount. The chart on slide 11 shows this with the forward curve. We do not include -- we do include the value should short-term rates remain at current levels in a higher prolonger scenario as well. We have also gotten questions about how we plan to lock in this value. As we've shared, we've taken a measured but opportunistic approach to adding hedges to address this potential. The analysis on slide 11 reflects the additional hedging activity we've undertaken beginning in Q4 and since. The point here is to provide one more level of depth to clarify the timing and magnitude of this opportunity. As this demonstrates, we continue to see significant future value in NII as these swaps and treasuries mature. Moving to slide 12. Non-interest income was $688 million in the first quarter of 2023 compared to $676 million for the year ago period and $671 million in the fourth quarter. The decline in non-interest income from the year ago period reflects a $24 million decline in service charges on deposit accounts due to changes in our NSF/OD fee structure that we previously discussed and implemented in September and lower account analysis fees related to interest rates. Additionally, investment banking and debt placement fees declined $18 million, reflecting lower syndication fees, partly offset by an increase in advisory fees, while corporate services income declined $15 million, reflecting lower loan fees and market-related adjustments in the prior period. The decline in non-interest income from the fourth quarter reflects a $27 million decline in investment banking and debt placement, driven by lower advisory and syndication fees. Recall that Q1 is historically the low point for investment banking activity in the year. Other income decreased by $20 million driven by Visa litigation assessment and market-related adjustments. Additionally, corporate services income decreased by $13 million, reflecting lower derivative volumes. Moving on to slide 13. Total non-interest expense for the quarter was $1.18 billion, up $106 million from the year ago period and up $20 million from last quarter, inclusive of $64 million of restructuring charges related to actions we completed this quarter to take out $200 million in annualized costs. As we shared on the Q4 call, we took these steps proactively to support investment in our business in the face of continued inflation. Compared with the year ago quarter and in addition to restructuring charges, personnel expense increased, reflecting an increase in salaries and headcount, partly offset by lower incentive compensation. Compared to the prior quarter, and in addition to restructuring, business services and professional fees declined $15 million in marketing expense declined $10 million. Additionally, other expense increased in the first quarter by $9 million reflecting an increase in the base FDIC assessment rate. Moving now to slide 14. Overall, credit quality remains strong. For the first quarter, net charge-offs were $45 million or 15 basis points of average loans, which remain near historically low levels. Our provision for credit losses was $139 million for the first quarter, which, as we pointed out, exceeded net charge-offs by $94 million. 30 to 89-day delinquencies to period-end loans were down one basis point to 14 basis points, while 90-plus day delinquencies remain stable. The excess provision increases our allowance for credit losses, reflecting a more cautious model-driven assumptions. Despite the increase in the allowance, our outlook for net charge-offs in 2023 of 25 to 30 basis points remains unchanged and well below our through-the-cycle levels of 40 to 60 basis points. Moving to slide 15. With regard to commercial real estate in particular, Key's exposure is well controlled and credit quality remains strong. Over the past decade, we meaningfully repositioned our commercial real estate book by sharply reducing our exposure to construction and homebuilders and reducing the level of commercial real estate loans in our book. We focus on relationship lending with select owners and operators. Our improved risk profile has been demonstrated in Key's most recent stress test results where projected losses in our commercial real estate book stands at 8.2% compared to 11.5% for peers. Now on to slide 16. Our liquidity position is strong, our period-end cash balances at the Federal Reserve stood at $8 billion, and we maintain flexibility with significant levels of unused borrowing capacity from additional sources. We would expect to maintain higher cash balances until the market stabilizes. Our levels of additional available liquidity have not changed materially since the end of the quarter. On to slide 17. We ended the first quarter with common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.1% within our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. This provides us with sufficient capacity to continue to support our relationship customers and their needs. We completed $38 million of open market share repurchases in the first quarter related to our employee compensation plan. Given market conditions, we do not expect to engage in material share repurchases in the near-term. We will continue to focus our capital in supporting relationship client activity and paying dividends. Over the last six weeks, there's been significant discussion of AOCI and its potential inclusion in CET1 capital levels for Category 4 banks. We've historically chosen to put most of our portfolio purchases and available for sale. And given the recent market rise in rates, we saw significant increases in the negative mark. As time passes and if rates have come down, we've seen our AOCI mark decrease by 13% and from $6.3 billion at 12/31 to $5.5 billion at 3/31. We share on Slide 16, the expected reduction in the AOC mark from 3/31 to the end of this year and the end of 2024. Over that time frame, the AOC mark declined by approximately 40%. And while this analysis assumes the forward curve, it's important to note that 90% of the value is for maturities and cash flows that is not rate dependent. Although we have no unique insight into the path of potential regulatory changes, as we've seen historically when bank capital regulations have changed, they carry with them comment periods in a reasonable phase-in time frame. Our view is that for any new requirements, our reduction in AOCI mark and more significantly, our earnings would allow us to organically accrete capital to required levels over the necessary period. Slide 18 updates our full year 2023 outlook. The guidance is relative to our full year 2022 results. We expect average loans to grow between 6% and 9%. Importantly, most of this growth has already occurred relative to 2022, so we don't expect material loan balance growth. We'll continue to support relationship clients by recycling capital throughout the year. We expect average deposits to be flat to down 2%. Net interest income is now expected to decline by 1% to 3% driven by higher interest-bearing deposit costs and a continued shift in funding mix. Our guidance is based on the forward curve, assuming a Fed funds rate peaking at 5.1% and in the third quarter and starting to decline in the fourth quarter. These interest rate assumptions, along with our expectations for customer behavior and the competitive pricing environment are very fluid and will continue to impact our outlook, prospectively. Non-interest income guidance is unchanged. We continue to expect it to be down 1% to 3%, reflecting the implementation of our new NSF OD fee structure last year and continued challenging capital markets activity, at least in the first half. Our non-interest expense outlook is also unchanged. We expect it to be relatively stable, driven in part by the actions we took last quarter to accelerate cost savings, which includes the impact of the $64 million in restructuring charge. For the year, we continue to expect credit quality to remain strong and net charge-offs to be in the 25 to 30 basis point range, well below our over-the-cycle range of 40 to 60 basis points. Our guidance for our GAAP tax rate is now 20% to 21%. We feel confident in the foundation of our business, the relationship-driven value of our deposit book, the durability of our balance franchise and our improved risk profile. Despite near-term headwinds, we continue to be focused on execution in 2023 and the strong long-term earnings power of our company. With that, I'll now turn the call back to the operator for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We go to the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Ebrahim. How are you?
Ebrahim Poonawala: So maybe just starting on deposits. We've obviously gone from mid- to high 20s beta to 30s, now low 40s. I guess, Chris Clark, give us a sense of just in terms of your comfort level that this high -- if the forward curve or at least if the Fed is done with one more hike, why the low 40s beta should be the right number in terms of your confidence level and just a rigor of the analysis that went behind that assumption?
Chris Gorman: Sure. We'll get into that analysis in just a second. But there's no question that we early were surprised at how low the betas were and as of late, we've been surprised at the steepness of the curve. So your question is a good one. Before I turn it over to Clark, let me just give you a little bit of context on our deposit base. Our total cost of deposits as is in the deck there is 99 basis points. Our cost of interest bearing deposits are 1.36. As we mentioned, our cumulative beta is 29. And as you just brought up, we now expect betas to peak in the low 40s. But I just want to talk a little bit about the composition of our deposit base. We are a business that's more heavily canted to commercial than retail. And if you think about those deposits, these are people that we've helped through many cycles. Most recently, we've helped through PPP. Over 80% of these accounts are operating accounts. And so when people talk about what's insured, what's not insured, I think one thing that some people miss is if you're running a $200 million or $300 million or $400 million business and we have the operating account those deposits aren't going to go anywhere because it's a living, breathing thing. And so I just -- I thought I would just give you that context because when we think about deposits, we always bifurcate it by category. But getting back to your question, Clark, give us the rigor behind the 40 -- low 40s and our confidence in same.
Clark Khayat: Yeah. So I'd start, I think, with balances, Ebrahim. I think we feel very good about where our balances sit today relative to where they have been relative to the market we're in and relative to competitors. So it starts with balances and then you get to pricing -- as we've talked about in the past, we've been more focused on retention of deposits than acquisition of new deposits, and I think that is reflected in the beta to date. The other point since last third quarter, fourth quarter, as we've watched the market develop, I think we -- while we would not purport to have perfect information about behavior, we have a much better view on how customers are interacting I think the commercial betas have mostly played through. So we've seen those come up. Many of those, as we've talked about, four are indexed and others, there's been a lot of conversation engagement with commercial clients. The consumers are always slower to move, and we believe at this point, we have a better view on how they're behaving, the types of accounts they want and how competitors are reacting. So when we look at the low 40s number up a bit from the high 30s, we have some confidence that we can deploy beta in across the retail franchise, but also in some targeted customer sets to not only retain but potentially acquire some deposits going forward.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thanks for that. And just maybe a quick one, Clark, on the slide 11, the bar chart with the NII upside from swaps and treasury roll-off. Give us a sense of sensitivity if rates 100 basis points lower next year versus today? What does that mean for that upside that you lay out there?
Clark Khayat: Yeah. So what's embedded in the chart on the page, Ebrahim is the forward curve, which is coming off. I don't have in front of me exactly what those rates are, but they're coming down pretty significantly over that time frame. I could follow-up with a little more sensitivity, but effectively, you can think about the forward curve in that 720 range as we talked about annualized. Maybe the right comparison is, if rates didn't move at all and the spot rate just sort of played out you'd get back to that $1 billion number. So you see a little bit of a sensitivity between "higher for longer version" where the spot rate just sort of sticks versus the forward curve, which is coming down fairly significantly over the next seven quarters.
Ebrahim Poonawala: And I think in the prepared remarks, you said you were taking actions to lock that in. How are you doing that?
Clark Khayat: So I think we've shared before, but I'm happy to talk about it. So if you think about 2023, we had -- at the beginning of the year, about $6.2 billion of received fixed swaps rolling off, $1.7 billion in the first quarter at a rate of 2.62. So that was sort of the highest of the two-year rate. The rest will roll off through the year, so another $4.5 billion. We're not replacing those. So we're going to allow on that portion, the natural asset sensitivity of that loan book to come through. Next year, another $7.5 billion of swaps mature. And we've essentially replaced those with a combination of forward starters at an average rate of 3.4%. So there's some negative carry in that. But in the forward rate, they actually are a bit in the money by the end of the year. And then the other half with floor spreads that kick in at $3.40. And the value of that, as you can imagine, is we get all of the floating rate value above 340 until the forward curve comes down. And if we were in a higher rate environment, we would benefit from actually not hitting that floor. So we think we've managed the downside risk there quite well and preserve some of the upside. The reason we wouldn't do or haven't done more or all floors or floor spreads at this point is just the cost of volatility is pretty high. So we're trying to balance the kind of the risk reward on that trade.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Thanks for taking my questions.
Clark Khayat: Sure.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please, go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking the question. Mark, as we look sort of from the margin at 247 now and then that kind of, I guess, aspirational margin near the 320 ex-treasury and some swaps. I guess one of the big things has been sort of what happens between here and there. Do you have a sense for when -- based on what you see now, when the margin would bottom where that might be? And then, kind of, more specifically when it would start to inflect upward to. I know the treasury start to -- the treasury and swaps, that's more of an end of 2023 and into 2024. But will we get a margin inflection this year, or is that something that do we continue to bleed out a bit through the remainder of the year before it inflect back up? How do you think about that dynamic?
Chris Gorman: Yes. Good question, Scott. So we would have originally thought Q1 was the low point. We think that's now Q2, and then we'll start to see some stabilization and uptick in the back half of the year. And again, part of that is the -- really, the swap book starts to roll off. We begin to see some treasuries, although, they're fairly light in 2023 and yes.
Scott Siefers: Okay. That's perfect. Thank you. And then, Chris, maybe just a thought on the investment banking rebound in the second half. I mean what does that kind of look like in your mind, how powerful could it be? It's been such an odd environment. You got the VIX at a level where historically, there'd be a lot of activity now. But it certainly feels very uncertain, and I think we've all been sort of surprised by overall lack of activity. So when you sort of look out over the remaining several months of the year, what's sort of your best guess as to how a rebound might play out?
Chris Gorman: I think you have to go through sort of the price discovery. And I think there's a bid and ask basically on equities. As you can see, there's some deals getting priced. You can see there's some high yield that's getting done. But I think, Scott, what it's going to take is for kind of buyers and sellers to readjust their expectations. And I think my experience is that process takes a while. But eventually, people adapt to kind of what the new normal is. And as I said in my comments, I actually think it will come back sometime in the second half. Our pipelines are down about 10% from last year which in the grand scheme of things, if you think about this time last year is not bad. So the pipelines are good. We actually had a nice quarter in terms of advisory -- but a lot of our clients, frankly, are sitting on the sidelines. There are deals to be done. And frankly, we're advising many of our clients that now is not the perfect time either to enter into the financing market or to complete a transaction. But it will come back and the pipeline is building. Some deals will just go away, but it will come back.
Scott Siefers: Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Thank you all very much.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Our next question is from John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, John.
Clark Khayat: Good morning.
John Pancari: Just a couple of questions regarding the NII outlook for the year. Can you just share with us your thought of the noninterest-bearing deposit mix shift? How you view that progressing and then -- and then also on the progression for the second quarter, just regarding Scott's question on the margin, you mentioned that you see a pullback again in the second quarter and then inflection. Can you maybe help us size up that amount of margin compression incrementally in the second quarter? Thanks.
Clark Khayat: Sure. From noninterest-bearing, we've seen that come down 29% to 26, 27, we would think that, that would make its way to the mid-20s. But I will say there's one caveat in there, and that is we have been using the I believe we've talked about this, but we've been using what we refer to as a hybrid account with many of our commercial clients where we're taking noninterest-bearing deposits and some of their excess balances and keeping them together in one interest-bearing account. So we've moved balances out of noninterest-bearing into those accounts. They would reflect on the balance sheet as a decline in noninterest-bearing, but it allows us to maintain those balances in a technically interest-bearing account, but at very attractive rates. So again, we can break that out over time. But I would say the noninterest-bearing decline probably isn't quite as stark as it would appear on its face. As it relates to net interest income, second quarter, we'd expect that to be down kind of 4% to 5% in Q2 with NIM, NIM coming down in part because we're carrying a little bit excess liquidity post the early March period, and we would see that come down we think maybe another 6 to 8 basis points. And then as I responded to and Scott's question, kind of stabilize and start to come back up in the second half of the year.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. All right. That's helpful. And you care to venture a projection in terms of the magnitude of the inflection in the back half of the next?
Clark Khayat: Not at the moment. We just -- we haven't provided that yet, but you did -- you would see our -- obviously, our guide for the year on NIM being down a little, but that's obviously going to require us to be stronger in the second half than we expect to
John Pancari: Got you. Okay. Thank you. And then just separately on regulation. I want to see if you can maybe provide some comments around how you're thinking about the most likely areas of regulation where you expect some measures out of the regulators or around inclusion of AOCI, potentially TLAC, FDIC, stress capital buffer risk. Maybe if you could just comment on that Chris, I'm interested in your comments on that as well.
Chris Gorman: I'd be happy to comment on that. To the premise of your question, there's no question that we'll be experiencing. We're going to have to carry more capital and there'll be more regulation. I personally think TLAC is going to be part of that or some debt security that looks like TLAC I also think that we'll probably have to carry more capital. We, as you can imagine, have run all kinds of scenarios. We feel comfortable that based on the burn down of our based on the earnings power of the company. And based on timing, i.e., there would be some comment period and some phase-in period. We feel like no matter under all the scenarios that we've looked at we feel confident that Key can be in a position to meet both the regulatory and the capital requirements going forward.
John Pancari: Great. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, John.
Operator: Next, we go to Erika Najarian with UBS. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Yes. Hi, good morning. If I could ask the NII protection question another way. Clark, the loan beta of your commercial portfolio was something like 52% in the second half of 2022 and about 65% this quarter. As we think about the protection for down short rates, and I think a lot of investors are expecting down short rates in 2023. Should we interpret your protection as a lower sensitivity to each 25 basis points of cuts that we've seen to the upside?
Chris Gorman: Sorry, can you ask that one more Erika. I just want to make sure I'm understanding the question.
Erika Najarian: Yes. Yes. So, I wanted to understand slide 11 in a different way, right? So, the protection on your commercial portfolio and locking in the upside. So, we saw the sensitivity to higher short rates in terms of the carry through to your yield at about the low 50s in the second half of last year and in the mid-60s this quarter, right? The way investors are interpreting protection to the downside is a lower sensitivity as the Fed cuts, right? And so should we expect the key commercial yields have a lower sensitivity to cut on the way down than it did to increases in rates on the way up?
Chris Gorman: I mean, yes, if you think about the incorporation of the swaps, right? So, the swaps are there for exactly that purpose and they would reduce the sensitivity on the way down, that's the intent of those instruments.
Erika Najarian: Okay. And what you're showing us on slide 11 is essentially the assumption that your current swap book as it rolls off, gets replaced with a higher received fixed rate?
Chris Gorman: Yes, two components, right? In I think our view, the forward curve, I have not seen a view yet where rates come down below where swap rates would be. So we would -- we're going to let that roll through our natural loan rates and yields flow through in 2023. In 2024, we've effectively replaced the swap book with forward starters at a higher rate, $3.40 on average and floor spreads with a kick in rate of 3.40%. So if rates were to stay higher, we'll get the value on the floor spreads, we'll carry the negative carry on the forward starters. If the forward curve plays out, both of those will be in the money at some point in 2024.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And I'm sorry to just put this all together in the third question. But as investors are thinking about whether bank stocks are truly cheap, I think they're thinking about 24 EPS as a trough. So as I think about your commercial yield today, right? There are essentially sort of 'headwinds' right? So the first would be the lower received rate -- received fixed rate on your notional. And the second would be -- on the other side of that, right, the yield will be better protected as the Fed cuts. So am I thinking about sort of the message on downside NII protection the right way as it relates to your commercial book?
Clark Khayat: Yes. I think you said that well.
Erika Najarian: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we move to Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Hi, good morning. Just a follow-up on the swaps. So maybe just to ask it a different way. So in the back end number from the 10-K, of the reported impact from swaps in the fourth quarter was minus $162 million, do you have the number of what that negative impact was in the first quarter? And can you help us understand what it will look like when we see the new disclosure for the roll forward next four quarters? Thanks.
Clark Khayat: You're talking just swaps specifically, Ken?
Ken Usdin: Yes.
Clark Khayat: Yes, $2.15 in the first quarter.
Ken Usdin: Okay. That's $215. And then so last quarter's next four quarters roll forward from the K was 655 after tax. Do you have an idea of what the new roll forward will be when we see that in the 10-Q?
Clark Khayat: Not at this point, but we can follow up and let you know that.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then the last question is you mentioned the $750 million and the $1 billion and that you're not going to be replacing now. Can you maybe just flesh that out a little bit in terms of like the any change to that strategy around protection and how you'll be replacing going forward to get that incremental forward benefit from the roll off versus what you're putting on?
Chris Gorman: Yes. So I'll keep trying. I'm worried, I'm not being super clear. So the $6.2 billion of received fixed swaps in 2023 are going to mature. $1.7 billion of that matured in the first quarter. We're not planning to replace those to protect the loan book in year from a receive fix swap standpoint. There's another $7.5 billion that roll out through 2024, and we've taken steps to effectively replace that, not all of it exactly. It's we're in the $7 billion range, half of which is forward start received fix with an average rate of 340 -- so just think about that as replacing the existing 24 rate and now bringing that up to 340 and then the other half with floor spreads that have an attachment point at also roughly 340 just by coincidence. So that really is the protection against rates coming down, which the forward curve would project at this point, and it would lock that $7 billion or so at a $340 million yield or higher as those other swaps roll off.
Ken Usdin: Got it. And I know that was asked so I apologize for re-asking.
Chris Gorman: That's okay. I think maybe not doing it as clearly as possible. So I appreciate the follow-up.
Operator: And next, we go to a question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Good morning Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hi. This is a tough quarter for you guys. I guess, relative to expectations, you guys missed on NII, NIM, fees, provisions and expenses. You guided NII lower down 1% to 3% this year when before it was up 1% to 4%. You said NIM will go down next quarter. And so that's just -- given all those headwinds and pressures and maybe I'm misstating that and correct me if I did, are you ratcheting down expenses more? Are you becoming more cautious, or are you just have to take the stomach punch of the higher funding and go on with it. And part of that, you didn't change your loan guidance, but it doesn't look like you're being more cautious there. So just I guess, I'm trying to say is, is this as bad as it looks, or are there some silver lining out of this, or I mean with your resiliency, maybe you chan gain share, but that's not showing up in your guidance?
Chris Gorman: Yeah. So thank you for the question. Let me just, kind of, broadly talk about the quarter. Mike, there's no question it was a challenging quarter for us, but we continue to do the things that we need to do to build the franchise. And so what are those things? You mentioned expenses. We put a hiring freeze in place in November, and we took out $200 million or 4% of our expense base just in the quarter we just completed. So that's one of the things we do. We've talked a lot today about how we're managing our balance sheet. We have taken significant actions and we have the luxury of taking the actions because they're short duration, both on our swaps and on our investments to put us in a position where we can benefit from the rise in interest rates. So we've done that. And then the other thing we continue to do, as you know, is we continue to strategically invest in our business and focus on targeted scale. So my perspective is, yes, this is a challenging quarter. Yes, we have to get through this NII drag, but we have a clear path to do so. And that's what we as a team are in the business of focusing on.
Clark Khayat: And Mike, I'd just add two things. On the expenses, they're up because of the charge, $64 million. If you took that out, we'd be in good shape. And I think if you annualize that number, we're right in line with our guidance of relatively stable year-over-year. And again, that's in the face of some inflationary headwinds. I think on the provision, you heard in our charge-offs, we didn't change our guidance, which may beg the question of why did you build your provision? And frankly, we're doing what we think CECL was intended to do, which was when macroeconomic conditions change, you build the reserve. So we're applying that standard, and that would be the reconciliation between two quarters of build and no change in the charge-off guidance.
Mike Mayo: Given that extra caution, you kept your loan growth the same at 6% to 9%. So I'm trying to reconcile your more caution with your provisions with no change in your loan guidance, whereas, others have brought down their loan guidance as they tighten things up.
Chris Gorman: Yes, Mike. Our -- we have basically -- we are at the low end of our guidance for the year already. So what we're going to be doing for the balance of the year is we're going to be recycling capital. And to your point, there's no question that the cost of raw material has gone up significantly. We're certainly not going to change our lending standards. But in terms of pricing, we will make those adjustments. We're fortunate that we have a bunch of relationships that pay us really well, and we're in a position to serve those relationships. But as you and I have talked before, lending on a stand-alone business that's hard to return your cost of capital. So you can imagine when your cost of capital goes up, that the pricing and the other things that you're doing for those customers, frankly, will have to be even greater.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So just to -- sorry, Mike. Just to be super clear, the 6% to 9% year-over-year loan growth really was resident at the end of 2022. So it really just reflects the growth that occurred in 2022, just to make that abundantly clear.
Mike Mayo: And so, one more follow-up. It seems like the capital markets is pricing for risk more than the lending markets. But when you have that conversation with your commercial customers and say, 'Hey, we're going to pass on this higher cost of raw materials.' Are you seeing any additional pricing power in lending markets? I mean, it just seems like loan yields should be going up more than they've already have done.
Clark Khayat: Yes. And they never go up as much as they should because, frankly, there's too much excess capacity in the banking market. But no, they haven't moved. And that's where it really pays to have a wholesome relationship like where we can drive a bunch of other revenue, but there hasn't been the adjustment yet that there should be based on the arbitrage between the capital markets and the bank market.
Mike Mayo: I guess, I sneak one last in there, if that's the case then, I mean, the cost of all materials are going up and you can't get the loan yields you desire, maybe just delever a little bit and just not have much growth, but have less risk, or I mean, how do you view that trade-off? Because just...
Chris Gorman: I think, over time, that's what you're going to see, right? We'll be using the capital markets as they open up to actually place paper for people. But in terms of putting new debt on our balance sheet, we're not going to do it unless we have a complete relationship and we can drive a whole bunch of revenue. And that in itself will be limiting.
Mike Mayo: Got it. All right. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: And our next question is from Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please, go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hey, good morning. I wanted to follow up on the cost-cutting efforts that are underway to counter inflation. Just given the events of the past few weeks, how does that change? What do you think you need do on the investments, right? So as I think about deposit competition accelerating, are there any investments you think you need to make on either the technology or the product side in order to retain and grow deposits? And how much of that is embedded in your expense guide?
Chris Gorman: Yes. Thanks, Manan. So, right question. The good news for us is, we undertook the expense cuts, so we could make those investments, and we've got both on the consumer and commercial side, a focus on deposit and customer acquisition technology, whether it's digital capabilities in consumer, things like embedded banking, which we've talked about before or other payments capabilities on the commercial side. So that cost cutting was in part to make room for exactly those types of investments.
Manan Gosalia: But is there anything additional you need to do given the events of the past few weeks?
Chris Gorman: I mean, we'll assess that as we go forward. I think we feel well prepared to handle the deposit challenges in front of the market right now, and I think our numbers have shown that. I think more than anything, we're probably likely to be more offensive on the deposit side than we've been to date, and we feel well armed to do that.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Great. And then just on securities. I appreciate the detail on the AOCI accretion over time. I wanted to ask how do you think about the future mix and duration of the securities book just given what we've seen in the past few weeks? And just given the potential for higher regulation, would you skew the mix of your securities more shorter dated towards treasuries. Just want to get a sense of how you're thinking about that?
Chris Gorman: Yes. It's a good question, hard to answer in a vacuum, but my sense would be you'll see higher quality portfolios, although ours is pretty high quality today, and you'll probably see shorter duration or more floaters. So it will be interesting to see if that's the way it shakes out. The broader impacts of bank security portfolios moving in that direction and how that might impact the market more broadly.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we have a question from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Alexopoulos: So first, on the deposit side. So your uninsured deposits are fairly high, but it does not appear that you saw a large degree of outflows, right, that many of your peers saw in the aftermath of Silicon Valley Bank. Could you comment on that were there notable outflows or because of the operating nature of these accounts, which you called out, Chris, was that enough of a factor where you just didn't see what many peers saw?
Chris Gorman: Yeah. Just to be clear, 66% of our deposits are either uninsured -- either insured or collateralized. So that's point one. But I don't know -- I can't speak to other people's book. We -- like everyone, we saw some deposits move out, particularly in places like high net worth individuals. We saw some in the smaller end where kind of small business and business banking, where basically the deposit is the business and the person are sort of synonymous. We saw a couple larger excess deposits move. But in general, the reason we've enjoyed such stickiness of the deposit is kind of the comments that I made earlier, these are operating accounts or businesses, and these are businesses that have been clients are key for a long time. And frankly, there wasn't even a lot of angst. I mean, we obviously did a good job of reaching out to all of our customers as we always do. But I was very pleased with the stickiness of the deposit in the core deposit base.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Chris, on the potential for new regulation, and you said you're in a good position to organically build capital, right, in anticipation of new regulations potentially coming. Do you assume that you need to suspend buybacks for an extended period until we see new regulation in order to build that capital?
Chris Gorman: Yes. I don't really plan -- we don't plan on executing any buybacks until there's clarity as to what the capital framework is going forward. So I don't anticipate that we'll be doing any share repurchases until there's clarity.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Okay. Thanks. And just one final one in terms of you responding to John's -- Cary's earlier question. This hybrid account for commercial customers, which is paying interest reads non-interest-bearing, but you're paying some interest. What was the balance in that account? And how much are you paying? Thanks.
Chris Gorman: Yes. We'll have to follow-up. I don't have that specific number in front of me. But we'll follow-up with you, Steve.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Sounds good. Thanks for taking the questions.
Chris Gorman: Yes.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning Chris. Good morning Clark.
Chris Gorman: Good morning Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Chris, you touched on in your opening remarks about the third-party company that services commercial loans and it gives you an insight into pipelines of what may be coming down the pipe, so to speak. Can you share with us -- is that company -- the one that obviously you own, are they seeing an increase in activity from commercial mortgages that are in -- commercial mortgage-backed security products that they're the special service they're on. Has that started to pick up yet? And if not, what are they seeing?
Chris Gorman: Well, thanks for your question. So, basically, you have servicing then you have special servicing, where you're the named special servicer and then it goes into active special servicing. So, think of active special servicing as being the workout agent for off-us loans, whether they're CMBS or whatever. We have seen a huge surge in active servicing. And what was the number one just a quarter ago, the biggest category was retail and the fastest growing was office. And what's happened is that's flipped. Now, office is both the fastest growing and it's the largest by a significant factor. So, we do have a pretty good insight. We have an insight by class. And just so you know, office is first and then retail is second. And then we also, of course, have a geographic breakdown because real estate is always geographic. So, it does give us great insights and it is very dynamic and kind of the trends that we -- some time ago, we said we thought we'd see a lot of B and C class office buildings in central business districts. And although we, for our own book only have like $127 million of that exposure, we are seeing that play out and now office is the number one category in active special servicing.
Gerard Cassidy: And can you remind us -- I don't know if you have this number in active special servicing, I know the fees are greater than your regular servicing. By what factor? Is it a two times higher fee, four times higher fee?
Chris Gorman: It's much higher than four times because you go from getting really kind of just sort of a ticking fee you're actively working on it. So, it is multiples of what the regular fees are as you go into special servicing. And when you look at our financials, you can see the bump in that line item.
Gerard Cassidy: Which is in the commercial mortgage servicing fee, is that correct?
Chris Gorman: Exactly. Correct.
Gerard Cassidy: And then as a follow-up, Clark, you identified that the provision was hired to build up reserves due to CECL accounting. Can you share with us some of the metrics maybe I don't know if you're going to use the HPI and the housing price index or unemployment -- the unemployment rate, what were your assumptions in the fourth quarter? And how did they change in the first quarter to support the increase in the provision for loan losses.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So, let me just start with HPI because that's where you started. The -- as I think we may have talked about Moody's, which we use the Moody's consensus, they put out an HPI model in Q4 that was updated. They still produced their old one. We were comfortable with the old one. Now it's just the new one, which I would say is fairly draconian and sort of by -- their HPI, Clark, went from 4.6% in November to 8.8% as of February under the Moody's consensus -- so that would be the Draconian part of Draconian Yes. So that's a big mover and largely unemployment went from 4.5% to 5%. So those would be sort of the two big impacted areas.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we will now be turning the conference for closing remarks back to the CEO, Chris Gorman.
Chris Gorman: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. This concludes our first quarter call. If you have any questions, please, as always, reach out to Vern Patterson. Thank you so much. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Chris Gorman. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Well, thank you for joining us for KeyCorp's fourth quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today are Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; Clark Khayat, our Chief Strategy Officer. Upon Don's planned retirement, Clark will assume the CFO role and also Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. On slide two, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I'm now moving to slide three. This morning, we reported earnings of $356 million or $0.38 per common share. Our results included $265 million of provision for credit losses, which exceeded net charge-offs by $224 million or $0.20 a share. The additional provision builds our allowance for credit losses, adjusting our credit models to reflect a more cautious economic outlook. Our results reflect continued growth in both our consumer and commercial businesses. In our consumer business, we have added new households with younger clients being our fastest-growing segment. Our commercial business also has continued to add and expand relationships. In 2022, we raised a record level of capital for our clients. Net interest income was up 2% from the third quarter, reflecting continued relationship-based loan growth supported by stable deposits. Deposit costs continued to move higher with a step-up in deposit rates late in the quarter. At the end of the fourth quarter, nearly 60% of our deposits were in low-cost retail and escrow balances. In our commercial businesses, over 80% of our deposits are from core operating accounts. Our average loan balances increased 3% from the prior quarter as we continue to add relationships and offer the best execution with both on and off-balance sheet solutions. We continue to benefit from investments we have made in our business, including the health care sector. In 2022, we continued to grow relationships with significant health care providers and expanded our Laurel Road business. Despite the student loan payment holiday, we originated over $1.5 billion of Laurel Road loans last year and increased our member households by over 30%. Additionally, we expanded our offering to nurses, added new products and capabilities and completed the acquisition of GradFin. Since acquisition, GradFin has held nearly 30,000 individual consultations for refinance and public service loan forgiveness. These consultations are with prequalified credential prospects, all new to Key. Our fee-based businesses in the fourth quarter reflect the continued slowdown in capital markets activity and the impact of changes to our NSF/OD fee structure. Investment banking and debt placement fees were up $18 million from the prior quarter, but down meaningfully from the year ago period, reflecting broader capital markets trends. The new issue equity market is virtually nonexistent and the M&A market continues to be engaged in price discovery. Our pipelines remain solid, particularly in M&A. However, the pull-through rates continue to be adversely impacted by market uncertainty. We have also continued to see more activity moving on to our balance sheet. In 2022, we raised a record $136 billion of capital for our clients, of which 23% was retained on our balance sheet well above our long-term average of 18%. Credit quality remained strong this quarter with net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans of 14 basis points. Nonperforming loans declined again this quarter and delinquencies, criticized and classified loans all remained near historically low levels. We will continue to support our clients while maintaining our moderate risk profile, which positions the Company to perform well through all business cycles. Our capital remains a strength, providing us with sufficient capacity to support our clients and return capital to our shareholders, including a 5% increase in our common stock dividend in the fourth quarter. Before I turn the call over to Don, I want to share some thoughts on our outlook and priorities for 2023 and beyond. First, we will continue to execute on our differentiated business model and strategy. We will focus on expanding our presence in our fastest-growing markets and targeted industry verticals. As we demonstrated again in 2022, we are uniquely positioned to support clients through various market conditions. Secondly, we will continue to benefit from our balance sheet and interest rate positioning. We have been very deliberate and intentional in the manner in which we have managed our interest rate risk with a longer-term perspective. Although our positioning is providing less current benefit, we have significant upside over the next two years as swaps and short-term treasuries mature and reprice. If we were to reprice our existing short-term treasuries and swaps at today's interest rates, we would have an annualized net interest income benefit of $1.1 billion. Thirdly, we will maintain our strong credit quality. We've spent the last decade de-risking our portfolio, positioning the Company to outperform through the business cycle. Despite our strong credit metrics, we built our loan loss reserve this quarter, which using our 2023 net charge-off outlook now represents almost five years of coverage. To put this in perspective, our reserve is now above our CECL Day One level while nonperforming loans and delinquencies are roughly 1/2 of our pre-pandemic levels. Finally, we will continue to create capacity to make targeted investments in our business by reducing expenses. Although expense management has been an ongoing area of focus, we will be accelerating our cost takeout plans early in 2023. We will pursue cost opportunities across our company, including areas where we can leverage technology, automation and process improvement to reduce redundancy, improve efficiency and enhance effectiveness. Our 2023 targets represent a cost reduction of approximately 4% relative to our full year 2022 level. The acceleration of our expense reduction plans will benefit us in two ways. First, we cannot grow if we are not investing. This will give us the capacity to continue to drive our targeted scale strategy, investing in points of differentiation. With the benefit of our cost reduction plans, we expect to hold expenses relatively stable this year compared to our full year 2022 results, which would be a significant accomplishment given inflationary pressures and our commitment to continue to invest in our future. I am confident in our long-term outlook and our ability to create value for all of our stakeholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Don to provide more details on the results for the quarter and our 2023 outlook. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Chris. I'm now on slide five. For the fourth quarter, net income from continuing operations was $0.38 per common share, down $0.17 from the prior quarter and down $0.26 from last year. Our results included $0.20 per share of additional loan loss provision in excess of net charge-offs as we continue to build our reserves, reflecting a more cautious economic outlook. For the full year, we delivered positive operating leverage marking ninth time in the last 10 years. This is a testament to our differentiated and resilient business model and our ongoing focus on disciplined expense management despite the inflationary environment. Turning to slide six. Average loan for the quarter were $117.7 billion or up 18% from the year ago period and up 3% from the prior quarter as we continue to add and deepen client relationships across our franchise. Commercial loans increased 17% from the year ago quarter, driven by growth in commercial and industrial loans and commercial real estate balances. Relative to the year ago period, consumer loans increased 22%, reflecting growth in consumer mortgage and Laurel Road. Compared with the third quarter of 2022, commercial loans grew 3% and consumer loans were up 2%. Our commercial growth continues to reflect the strength in our targeted industry verticals and higher line utilization. Our consumer business continues to benefit from residential real estate originations, which were just under $1 billion for the fourth quarter. Approximately one-third of our originations came from targeted health care professionals. Continuing on to slide seven. Average deposits totaled $145.7 billion for the fourth quarter of 2022, down 4% from the year ago period and up $1.4 billion or 1% compared to the prior quarter. Year-over-year, we saw declines in non-operating commercial deposit balances and retail deposits. The increase in deposit balances from the prior quarter reflects higher commercial deposits due to seasonality and our focus on maintaining our relationship business. Consumer balances declined in the quarter, driven by inflationary spending and the movement of interest of rate-sensitive balances. Interest-bearing deposit costs increased 49 basis points from the prior quarter and our cumulative deposit beta was 19% since the Fed began raising interest rates in March of 2022. We continue to view our strong deposit base as a competitive strength with approximately 60% of our balances in core consumer and escrow deposits. In addition, over 80% of our commercial deposits were from core operating accounts. Turning to slide eight. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.2 billion for the fourth quarter compared to $1.0 billion in the year ago period and $1.2 billion in the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.73% for the fourth quarter compared to 2.44% in the same period last year and 2.74% for the prior quarter. Year-over-year, net interest income and net interest margin benefited from higher earning asset balances and higher interest rates. Quarter-over-quarter, net interest income and the net interest margin were negatively impacted by higher interest-bearing deposit costs and a change in the funding mix. Later in the quarter, we experienced changing market conditions and customer behavior. Market rates increased more than we expected and the migration from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing commercial deposits picked up. This resulted in a higher deposit beta, lower-than-expected net interest income and net interest margin. Our outlook for 2023 has our cumulative deposit beta peaking in the mid to high 20% range, well below our historic levels. Included in the appendix is additional information on our future net interest income opportunities and asset liability position. Based on our feedback from our shareholders, we have also included detail on the maturities of our interest rate swaps and short-term treasury securities. As Chris mentioned in his remarks, we have been very intentional in the way we manage interest rate risk with a long-term perspective. Although our position has provided less near-term benefit, we have significant upside over the next two years as our swaps and short-term treasuries mature and reprice. We expect this to drive both our net interest income and our net interest margin higher over the next few years. We believe this is a true differentiator. Moving to slide nine. Noninterest income was $671 million for the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $909 million for the year ago period and $683 million in the third quarter. The decline in noninterest income from the fourth quarter of 2022 reflects a $151 million decline in investment banking and debt placement fees, along with a $35 million reduction in other income, primarily from market-related gains in the year ago period. Additionally, service charges on deposits were $19 million lower due to changes in our NSF/OD fee structure that we implemented in September as well as lower consumer mortgage income down $16 million. Partially offsetting these declines was an increase in corporate services income up $13 million due to higher derivatives income. Relative to the prior quarter, noninterest income declined $12 million. Service charge on deposit accounts accounted for the majority of the decline, down $21 million, once again reflecting our new NSF/OD fee terms. Additionally, corporate services income decreased $7 million, driven primarily from an evaluation adjustment benefit in the prior quarter. Investment banking fees increased $18 million. I'm now on to slide 10. Total noninterest expense for the quarter was $1.16 billion, down $14 million in the year ago period and up $50 million from last quarter. Our expenses reflect our ongoing investments in digital, analytics and our teammates. Compared to the year ago quarter, we saw declines across most non-personnel line items, including business services and professional fees and operating lease expense. Personnel expense remained flat compared to a year ago period, reflecting higher salaries and employee benefits, offset by lower incentive and stock-based compensation. Compared to the prior quarter, noninterest expense is up $50 million. Higher non-personnel costs drove most of the increase. Other expense increased $17 million, reflecting a pension settlement charge in the fourth quarter. Also, professional fees were higher in the quarter, some of which were temporary in nature. Personnel expense also increased, reflecting lower deferred costs from slower loan originations. Moving onto slide 11. Overall credit quality remains strong. For the fourth quarter, net charge-offs were $41 million or 14 basis points on average loans, which remain near historical low levels. Nonperforming loans were $387 million this quarter or 32 basis points of period end loans, a decline of $3 million from the prior quarter. Our provision for credit losses was $265 million for the fourth quarter, which exceeded net charge-offs by $224 million. The excess provision increases our allowance for credit losses, reflecting a more cautious model-driven assumption set. For our CECL modeling, we start with the Moody's consensus scenario. This quarter, the consensus estimates reflected a marked slowdown in the economy and meaningful reductions in home prices, both of which impacted our allowance levels. Despite the increases in the allowance, our outlook for net charge-offs in 2023 of 25 basis points to 30 basis points remains well below our through-the-cycle loss levels of 40 basis points to 60 basis points. Now onto slide 12. We ended the fourth quarter with common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.1%, within our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. This provides us with sufficient capacity to continue to support our customers and their borrowing needs and to return capital to our shareholders. We will continue to manage our capital consistent with our capital priorities of: first, supporting organic growth in our business; second, paying dividends. In the fourth quarter, our Board of Directors approved a 5% increase, which now places our dividend at $0.205 per common share per quarter, and finally, repurchasing shares. Our current share repurchase authorization of $790 million is in place through the third quarter of 2023. We did not complete any share repurchases in the fourth quarter. On slide 13 is our full year 2023 outlook. The guidance is relative to our full year 2022 results. Importantly, using the midpoints of our guidance ranges would result in another year of positive operating leverage in 2023. We expect average loans will be up between 6% and 9% and average deposits will be flat to down 2%. Net interest income is expected to be up between 6% and 9% reflecting growth in average loan balances and higher interest rates. Our guidance is based on the forward curve, assuming a Fed funds rate peaking at 5% in the first quarter and starting to decline in the fourth quarter. These interest rate assumptions, along with our expectations for customer behavior and the competitive pricing environment are very fluid and will continue to impact our outlook prospectively. Noninterest income is expected to be down 1% to 3%, reflecting the implementation of our new NSF/OD fee structure last year and continued challenging capital markets activity, at least for the first half of the year. We expect noninterest expense to be relatively stable with the benefit of the cost takeout opportunities Chris described in his remarks, along with ongoing investments that we will make in our business. For the year, we expect credit quality to remain strong and net charge-offs will be in the 25 basis point to 30 basis point range, well below the through-the-cycle range of 40 basis points to 60 basis points. Our guidance for our GAAP tax rate is approximately 19% to 20%. Finally, shown at the bottom of our slide are our long-term targets, which remain unchanged. We expect to continue to make progress on these targets by maintaining our moderate risk profile and improving our productivity and efficiency, which will drive returns. Overall, it was a solid quarter and a very good finish to another successful year for Key. We remain confident in our ability to grow and deliver on each of our long-term targets. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Pancari from Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: I know you mentioned that you saw a step-up in deposit rates late in the fourth quarter. I wonder if you could give us a little more detail on what products and the magnitude that you saw maybe your -- how you see that falling through. And then, related to that, you also said that higher-than-expected pressure on deposit cost as well, not just a step up, but a greater-than-expected amount of pressure. And just trying to get a feel around what areas surprised you. And why do you think given the outlook around deposit pressures and rates, what was what attributed to the surprise there? Thanks.
Don Kimble: Sure can, John. And as far as late in the quarter and late November, December, we started to see a different migration pattern as far as some of the deposits and the rates. We saw market conditions start to pick up as far as rates and many products. Our expectation coming into the quarter was continuing to drift up some of the money market rates on deposits, but the customers were migrating more towards time deposits which had a higher incremental cost than what our assumptions were as far as deposit -- money market deposit accounts. We also saw a shift away from noninterest-bearing accounts at a faster pace than what we would have expected late in the quarter. And so both of those had an impact of driving net interest income down for the current quarter compared to what we would have expected even coming into the end of the quarter and is also reflected in our outlook going forward. And Clark, I don't know if you want to offer up any thoughts as far as trends going forward as far as the deposit rates and betas and what have you?
Clark Khayat: Sure. Thanks, Don. A little bit more just to get your question, John, a little more pressure on the commercial side than the consumer side, which would not be unexpected, we did see, as Don mentioned, a rotation out of noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing. And we saw the ending balance of noninterest-bearing around 29% and that's a little bit of seasonality, and we've seen that come back. That's a ratio kind of high-20s that we would expect through the year, and that's a little bit better than where we've been historically, which we could -- would have been sort of mid-20s. In terms of products and rates, as Don said, CDs coming through, we'd expect the betas for the year to be mid to high 20s, as Don said in his prepared remarks. And again, a little bit more movement to CDs than money markets than we expected, but we've factored that in, and again, that sort of stable, high-20s noninterest-bearing ratio for the year.
Chris Gorman: John, it's Chris. It's interesting. Customer behavior is really hard to model. We wouldn't have expected that the cumulative beta for the first three quarters would have ever been as low as 9%. And as we got to the end of the year, it really accelerated. A lot of it was on the commercial side. A lot of it were excess deposits in places like our private banking area. So, it's been interesting. This has been the steepest rate of increases in the Fed's history. And I think some of the conventional curves are sort of out the window.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks. Chris, that helps. And then I know you mentioned the need for investment and you're focusing on ratcheting up investments in certain areas. So I want to see if you can give us additional color on what changed there in terms of areas that you're investing in that necessitated the greater pullback in costs elsewhere? Thanks.
Chris Gorman: Yes. So, it's really a continuation of the investment, John, that we've been making. And the point I was making there was we're not going to cease to invest as we take out costs. And when we were at Investor Day a year ago, we talked about growing our consumers by 20% by 2025 focusing really on our growth markets, and we're having a lot of success with our younger customers, and we're going to continue to focus both products and marketing in that regard. Also, we talked about hiring bankers. We talked about -- we think we have these unique platforms that are under leveraged, and we talked about increasing our banker population by 25% by 2025. Admittedly, last year, we tapered off in the back half of the year. The market was obviously overheated. And also, frankly, we saw the downturn coming in the economy. We think will be -- it will be a very good environment to recruit and successfully bring people onto the platform going forward. And then lastly, it was Laurel Road and the commitment we made around Laurel Road, where we've continued to invest is that we were going to grow our members from 50,000 to 250,000. This year, we successfully grew by 30% and we've made a lot of investments expanding to nurses having a full product line there, buying GradFin, being a leader in public service loan forgiveness and we're also going to get into the income-based forgiveness gain as well. So, those are the three areas. And so, it wasn't really new investments so much. It's a continuation of the investments we've made in critical areas of the business including around things like continuing to migrate to the cloud and investing in digital.
John Pancari: Okay, Chris. That helps clarify that. I appreciate it. And that's it for me and best of luck to you, Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manan Gosalia from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hey, good morning. Can you give us some more color on the reserve build this quarter? To your point, your NCO guide for '23 is well below your long-term targets. So, I guess, what changed in the macro environment that necessitated the reserve build? And I guess, is this you being a lot more conservative? And should we expect the reserve ratio to stabilize from here or could there be factors that drive that reserve ratio higher?
Chris Gorman: Sure, Manan. First of all, thank you for your question. And you're right. Despite the fact that we have really good credit metrics, we did, in fact, build the reserve. And so, if you kind of step back for a second, kind of look at the macro perspective, we believe the economy is clearly slowing. We think the probability of a recession has increased from the third quarter to the fourth quarter of last year. Our base case, by the way, is that there will be a mild recession. There's really three drivers of the CECL reserve. The first is the macro view, which I just described, which is the driver for us. The second is loan growth and we obviously have some loan growth. The third is really idiosyncratic risks, specific portfolio, specific credit. That is not driving our reserve build at all. So just to kind of bring it to life for you. From the third to the fourth quarter as we look at our models, we looked at GDP declining by about two-thirds from sort of 1.3% to 0.4%. Unemployment going from, say, in the third quarter, we thought it would peak at 4.1%, we now think it will peak around 5%. But significantly, when we look at things like home price index, in the third quarter, we thought homes were going up by 1.3%. In the fourth quarter, as we modeled it, it was a decline of 4.6%. So fairly significant quarter-over-quarter change of 5.9%. Now to bring it back to kind of our portfolio, we, for example, have $21 billion of mortgages. That's about 18% of our loan book. It's booking about -- the FICO scores on those are, say, 761 from memory or some such number. We also say that 40% of our mortgages are 800 or above. And I share this texture for you because we are not worried about our mortgage book. But as we drive our CECL models, which are forward-looking, the macro drivers have significant impact. And I'm just using that as an example for why the reserve build. Does that answer your question?
Manan Gosalia: Yes. That's really helpful. Thanks so much for the color. And then, if you could just round that out with how you're thinking about the NIM and just managing the NIM as you go through 2023. Earlier on, you were in the camp of the Fed keeping rates higher for longer. Has that changed? And has that changed how you're managing putting on any additional swaps or hedges on the books?
Don Kimble: Well, sure. As far as how we're managing it right now, our assumption set is basically that we would just continue at this point in time to replace roll-off of swaps that we have that we're continuing to evaluate that. I think the challenge that we all have is just with this inverted yield curve is when do you pull the trigger to start to lock in some of that rollover risk and outlook. And so, right now, we've not embedded any of that into our base assumptions, but it's something that we'll continue to have as optionality to take care of that in the future.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thanks so much.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess just wanted to follow up on credit. So you talked about the consumer book and the FICOs. When we look at the commercial book, both on the C&I, CRE, just talk to us about the idiosyncratic risks, I mean, the leverage lending book you provide on slide 15 is relatively small. But when we think about the impact from higher rates, cooling demand and you talked about mild recession as your base case. Like where within the CRE and the C&I portfolios do you expect delinquencies to start moving higher? And where is the lost content?
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, Ebrahim, thanks for the question. So you started at the right place where we focus. We focus any place where there's leverage. And obviously, if you think about leverage finance, which, by the way, for us is only about 2.5% of our entire loan book, and it's focused in our seven industry verticals, and it has a pretty high turnover. But you're exactly right, where there's leverage and you go into a mild recession and you have declining EBITDA, you have to watch that very closely. We feel good about that portfolio. Nothing has bubbled up to the surface. But as you can imagine, we're modeling it very, very regularly. The next area that you mentioned, which I think is really appropriate is real estate. And real estate is an area that we look at closely. What we've done with our real estate business is we've completely rebuilt it around a business that not -- we not only put real estate loans on our books, but we also distribute a lot of paper. So, it's a little bit of a different business than a lot of our competitors have, Fannie, Freddie, FHA, the life companies, the CMBS market, et cetera. So, we distribute a lot of risk. We're also focused on -- very specifically on certain asset classes. And the certain asset classes that we're focused on, first and foremost, multifamily in its broadest sense but within multifamily on affordable housing. We're watching those closely. So far the rent uptakes are good. Rent -- the rents are still holding firm. So we feel really good about that portfolio. The portfolio that we look at very closely and fortunately we have very little of it. There's actually two portfolios. The first is B and C class office space in central business districts. Right now, we're down to $250 million, but we're watching that very closely because those buildings are multi-tenant buildings. And the reality is whether it's Key cutting expenses and getting rid of occupancy costs or any other business, I think that's a real risk going forward. So, we're watching that closely. The other area where we only have about $1 billion of exposure is in retail. And retail is an area where we keep a close eye. So, that's kind of how we're thinking about it. And as you can imagine, we are continually modeling this portfolio as we look at the delta between where they're borrowing and where their debt rolls over.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Okay. Got it. And I think in there you mentioned that you're actively de-risking some of these loans. What's the market for that in terms of being able to get out of some of these credits without having to take a big mark-to-market or credit charge?
Chris Gorman: There hasn't been -- there really hasn't been a lot of movement yet. I think people are still just like in the M&A environment, I think people are in price discovery. Obviously, if you take my example of B and C class office, there's a lot of people that have impaired equity, but I think people are going to have to, frankly, endure some more pain before there's a meeting of the minds on kind of how to restructure, how to bring in fresh equity, et cetera.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And just one question, Don, on NII. Do you think the mid to high-20s beta is conservative enough? I'm just wondering, in a world of 5% plus Fed fund's QT like a lot of banks are kind of nudging their expectations a bit higher. Like do you think that sets you up for more downside risk over the next few quarters? Just give us a sense of your comfort level with that beta guidance?
Don Kimble: I'll go ahead and offer up some thoughts and I ask Clark to go ahead and chime in as well. But I would say that keep in mind that, as Chris mentioned earlier on, we really were kind of best-in-class for the first few quarters of this rate increase cycle that our cumulative deposit beta is at 19%. Most of the peers I'm seeing are closer to the 30% already. We did do a thorough scrub as to where we see rates going. And I think what you're seeing and why we have confidence in our deposit beta assumptions is the fact that we have shifted our priority and focus over to more primacy, both on the commercial and consumer side. And we think that will continue to pay dividends for us as far as keeping our overall deposit cost down. Clark, anything you would add there?
Clark Khayat: Yes. The other point I would add is just that it's less for us about new deposit acquisition. We're always going to acquire deposits from new clients and new relationships. But a lot of what we're looking at this year is managing clients from product to product and that just allow us a little bit more flexibility on pricing.
Chris Gorman: Ebrahim, the only thing I would add, I agree with everything that Don and Clark said, the thing that I will share with you though, this is sort of uncharted territory. And while we're really pleased with the trajectory of our deposit betas, we're not going to win the deposit beta battle and lose the -- win the beta battle and lose the deposit war because it's very important that we serve our clients and we keep them here at Key.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Makes sense. All right. Thank you very much.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Steve.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: I wanted to start on the loan outlook. If I look at where period end and average loans ended 2022, it appears that you're not looking for much loan growth in 2023 on a period end basis. Can you confirm that and maybe give some color on why such a sluggish outlook? I don't know if you're tightening the credit box or whatnot?
Don Kimble: Steve, this is Don. And as far as the outlook, the period-end balances sometimes can be a little misleading. So, if you just look -- take a look at the fourth quarter average for total loans at $117.5 billion, our midpoint of our guidance range is in the $120 million range, and all of that really is coming from commercial. And so with this change in our economic outlook that also influenced or determine what our allowance was, we've also pulled back on some of the loan growth outlook. You also see, Steve, that our consumer loan balances are flat throughout next year. And what our expectation is there is that we'll continue to have residential mortgage originations that we'll continue to see some of the home equity balances trade down and relatively flat on other consumer categories. And so it is very modest incremental growth from here, but we think it's appropriate given the backdrop of the economic outlook we have.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Okay. Don, that's helpful. And then, on the reserve build, if the reserve build was a change in the economic assumptions and not idiosyncratic risk, why did a specific reserve not go up materially in some of these consumer categories? I know they're smaller, but home equity, consumer direct card, I would have thought if you changed the unemployment rate, et cetera, we would have seen an increase in those as well.
Don Kimble: One of the biggest things that Chris talked about were the larger moves were this GDP coming down and also the home price index. And so what you would have seen is the residential real estate backed credits having a larger increase than some of the others. You also factor in the position that our delinquency levels in our criticized and classified levels are still very benign. And I think that's why you're not seeing some of those other higher risk categories showing increased reserves because we're not seeing the migration of those portfolios at this point in time.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Okay. Thanks. If I could squeeze one more in. Just looking at the NII guidance up 6% to 9%. I know you said mid to high 20% range for deposit beta, but what is the assumption? Is it mid or high that's underlying this guidance range? And what are you assuming the mix of noninterest-bearing is by the end of '23? Thanks.
Clark Khayat: Yes. Steve, it's Clark. So, it's -- the mid to high question is sort of mid to high, 27-ish, 28 area for the year on the beta and then the noninterest-bearing percentage is 29% roughly high-20s for the year.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. So, staying pretty flat. Okay, great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Clark Khayat: And just was a little bit lower for seasonality, 32% in the fourth, on average.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Clark Khayat: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy from RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, guys.
Don Kimble: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Don, I think you mentioned in your remarks that there wasn't any share repurchases completed in the fourth quarter. Maybe Chris or Don what's the outlook for stock buybacks? I may have missed your comments if you gave it, but what's the outlook for stock repurchases in 2023?
Chris Gorman: Gerard, we're not assuming that there's going to be any meaningful stock repurchases. As we look at our balance sheet and supporting our clients and we look at our second priority, which is paying our dividend, I just don't see us out there repurchasing a lot of shares based on our current modeling.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then you talked a lot about what went on with the deposit betas and the mix of deposits in the quarter. Obviously, your peers have had similar comments and the difference that we saw with Key was that the margin was essentially flat where others went up. How much of the borrowings -- I noticed in your average balance sheet that you included in the press release, your short-term borrowings and long-term borrowings have gone up and they're much more expensive, of course, than deposit funding. Can you share with us your thinking on how you're using those and why they have been going up?
Don Kimble: Gerard, as far as the funding, what we've seen is that the loan growth throughout the second half of the year especially exceeded deposit growth. And so we were using FHLB and some other issuances to help address the funding needs. I would say that our loan growth outlook and our deposit outlook wouldn't suggest the continuation at the same pace as far as building that other funding sources. And so we wouldn't expect to see that same type of growth rate going forward. But near term, we're fine with that. But I would say, traditionally, we would look at a loan-to-deposit ratio in the 90% to 95% range and we're still well below that. And so, we've got plenty of capacity to continue to leverage that funding source as needed.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And Don good luck in your future endeavors. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thanks, Gerard. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking the call. Don, with regard to the $1.1 billion of NII repricing benefits to which you guys alluded I was wondering if you could just sort of walk through the trajectory of when and how those kick in? I mean I see the repricing numbers in the appendix, which is very helpful. But just would be curious to hear kind of more vocally how you think about it, maybe put it another way or I wonder if there's an easy frame of reference. What would first quarter '23 NII look like versus, say, fourth quarter '23 or first quarter '24? Not looking for specific numbers, but is there an easy way to say, hey, we sort of trough here and then start to accelerate meaningfully off of here? And if there's a time frame around that, something like that?
Don Kimble: Good. And I will offer a couple of quick comments, but turn it over to Clark because Clark is to be the one that's here to deal with that going forward. And I won't be around. So, will go ahead and pass the baton from that perspective. One thing I want to highlight, though, Scott, is as we take a look, for example, you mentioned in the first quarter of '23. Keep in mind, there are some things that impact the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter that are more seasonal. Day count-related issues cost about $20 million from where the fourth quarter is to the first quarter. We also typically see fee income drop from the fourth quarter to first quarter, given some of the refinance activity on the loan side. And so, we would see the first quarter traditionally being the low point for both our net interest income and net interest margin and would expect to see growth from there. And Clark has been spending a lot of time taking a look at strategies as far as the swaps and treasury. So Clark why don't you take it from there as far as other insights?
Clark Khayat: Sure. Just to try to address your question directly, Scott. I think really, the majority of the value is going to come in '24. If you think about what's coming off in swaps and treasuries in '23 that number is about $7 billion to $7.5 billion. It's more like $15 billion and $24 billion. So think about that kind of two-thirds, one-third almost ratio. I'd say, of the number we've shared, which is, again, just to remind you, kind of taking all $29 billion of swaps and $9 billion of treasuries and spot pricing them, again, I think you'd see about a third of that benefit in the '23 exit run rate. So, the beginnings of some steepness in that NIM and then more of that pulling through in '24 as you'd see again, the majority of that maybe two-thirds or three quarters of that value starting to come through by the end of '24.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And I guess out of curiosity, I'm a little surprised that how well the estimate kind of held in $1.1 billion versus -- I think you were saying $1.2 billion last quarter, just given all the changes in the way the curve has behaved. What does it take to really move that number one way or another? Is that sort of a $1 billion plus kind of a pretty sturdy number almost regardless of the way things behave?
Don Kimble: Yes. I'd say the biggest impact there is the movement in the two-year end of the curve. And what we saw was the longer end rates moved a lot more significantly than two-year point.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right. Perfect. Thank you all very much. And Don best wishes.
Don Kimble: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Hey, good morning, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hey, you guys see financing to a wholesale company from both the lending side and the capital market side. And one topic during this earnings season is the capital market conditions are a lot tougher whereas the lending conditions are not that much tougher. So when do you think these will converge? In other words, the pricing in capital markets is much more difficult than the pricing in the lending markets? Are you seeing any firming up or not?
Chris Gorman: So, the answer is, Mike, it depends. And when I say it depends, it depends on kind of what the customer strata is. So 50% of our loans are to investment-grade customers. And the adjustments there are immediate. There's a bunch of different inputs, whether people are hedging, putting a swap on, there's multiple people looking at it, et cetera. Where there's a disconnect, and I don't really think the disconnect goes away is in those kind of quality middle-market companies that one bank or one fund can finance. And I don't think we've seen -- not I don't think, we haven't seen the adjustment there that you would expect.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Do you expect that to change coming up? And just your general outlook on capital markets, that's a nice tailwind at times recently set a headwind.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So I think -- look, I think, ultimately, things get repriced and it takes time, whether you're talking about bank debt going into the middle market or you're talking about people doing major strategic acquisitions. My experience is it takes literally over a year for people to kind of readjust their expectations. And so, we're obviously easily six months into this. But I think the first half in capital markets is going to be challenging because people still remember what the business or the financing was worth, say, six or eight or nine months ago. But eventually -- and by the way anyone that's a buyer is acutely aware of how things have been repriced. But those will converge. And I think it's going to be -- I think it will be challenging in the first half of the year, Mike, and I think this big pent-up backlog will start to kind of -- as people go through price discovery, will start to clear out in the second part of -- second half of the year.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Hey. Good morning and Don best wishes as well from me. I just have to come back and just super clarify, Don, the 27%, 28% beta for cumulative, that is interest-bearing that compares to the 19% through three quarters?
Don Kimble: Absolutely, yes.
Ken Usdin: Okay, cool. And then, so just -- I guess, the comparison question that I think continues to come up is just that many peers are talking mid-30s, even low-40s in some of the calls that we've heard so far. So can you just kind of go one step deeper into the type of pricing assumptions and I guess within products and businesses that just gives you that much better relative confidence to peers? Thanks.
Clark Khayat: Sure. Ken, it's Clark. So, I'll pick that up. Again, for us, what we saw in the fourth quarter and what we're looking at in '23 is much less about new to Key deposits where those kind of new business rates are much higher and necessarily have to be higher to bring them in versus motion in the book of noninterest-bearing, interest-bearing or from different accounts to different account where we can manage that transition a little more comfortably. And given that what we're avoiding, we think, in large part, is the significant marginal cost of funds that the new price or new offer dollar requires in repricing the larger book.
Don Kimble: The only other thing I would add, Ken, is that right now, we're at 19% cumulative. I think most of our peers are close to 30%. And so by them going to 40%, it's the same thing as us going to high-20s. So the incremental change from this point forward is probably fairly consistent. It's just that we're at a better starting point than peers.
Ken Usdin: Yes. That makes sense. It does seem like though to get to that point, your incremental interest-bearing deposit costs have to be -- the betas have to be lower than the 33% in the fourth quarter to square to that.
Don Kimble: As far as a cumulative, probably not because you'd only got a 50 basis-point increase going forward as far as rates in 2023, but we can go back and reverse engineer the math, but I think it still lines up.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Just one quick one. Laurel Road origination outlook, can you give us your updated thoughts there? Thanks guys.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Ken. So Laurel Road, obviously, from a straight origination outlook perspective, has been challenged. It's been challenged really by three things. One is the federal loan student payment holiday, that's a challenge. I think that's been extended several times. The next is just the rising interest rates, which are a challenge. And the third challenge that we've had there is all the discussion around student loan debt forgiveness, obviously, I think, has some borrowers wanting to stay on the sidelines to preserve optionality. Having said all of that, I was impressed that we were able to originate last year, $1.5 billion of refinance loans. But even a bigger picture, Ken, is we are trying to create a national digital affinity bank. So first of all, those originations will come back, and they'll come back when there's clarity around all the issues I just talked about. And there's a bunch of raw material being priced right now that you'll be able to refinance advantageously. But in the meantime, what we've done is build this national digital affinity bank that has a full suite of products for doctors, a whole suite of products for nurses. We're getting a 30% cross-sell on the business that we do. So, there's no question that originations have been challenged, and they'll continue to be challenged in the very near term. But what we're trying to do there is a lot broader. This GradFin business that we bought is really interesting because they're a leader in public service loan forgiveness and where you're going to see a lot of discussion going forward is around this income-based repayments. And we're kind of uniquely qualified to be in their advising on that. Any time we advise people, obviously, we'll bring them on as full customers. So, does that answer your question?
Ken Usdin: It does. Thank you, Chris.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. Sorry if I missed it, but what part of the yield curve are we most concerned about as we think about your fixed rate assets rolling? And I realize there might be a variety of kind of parts because from the short term from the longer term. But as we think about, I think that $1.1 billion, you said, what part of the yield curves should we watch, which obviously longer rates coming in, but shorter rates staying high?
Don Kimble: Yes. Matt, as far as the $1.1 billion, it's really a two to three year into the curve, and that's where we would be looking to extend those swaps when we're in a position to do that. And so it is in that portion of the yield curve. Beyond that we also have a little over $1 billion a quarter and roll over our bond portfolio. And we tend to look at somewhere around the five-year end of the curve there. We tend to do more CMO structures and shorter pass-through like 15-year type pass-through assets as far as our normal investment strategy there.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. All right. Perfect. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Winter from D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Good morning. Chris, I heard the comments on the capital markets in the second half of the year. I was just wondering if you could give some more color about the moving parts to the fee income in '23 for being down 1% to 3%.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So, there's a few areas where we will get pickup and then there's a few areas where we've got some headwinds. The areas where we'll get pickup is in our investment banking area. We'll get some pickup in cards and payments. We'll get some pickup in trust. Don, do you want to cover the other puts and takes?
Don Kimble: Sure. The largest decline for us will be in the deposit service charges category. We mentioned that this quarter was the first full quarter of the implementation of NSF/OD fee. There's about another $70 million impact in '23 compared to '22 for that. And our outlook right now also would suggest that we think that our corporate services income will be down year-over-year just because we've had such a strong program this year as far as derivatives, interest rate swaps and what have you for customers. And we think that with less rate volatility, we'll see less opportunity there for that category. That's the blended impact as to how we get to that down 1% to 3%.
Peter Winter: Got it. And then the loan-to-deposit ratio is now at 85%. Is there a certain level that you don't want to go above? And secondly I'm assuming that you're going to continue to let securities cash flows and use those to kind of help support loan growth?
Don Kimble: We – typically we target between 90% and 95%. It's been a long time since we've been up at that level, but that's where we think our balance sheet is still very efficient and access to the capital markets for that national funding source is available and supports that. The second part of the question was -- I apologize, Peter, remind me.
Peter Winter: Sure. Just using securities cash flows.
Don Kimble: I apologize. What we've talked about a lot is that we've got that $9 billion of short-term treasuries that start to mature later in '23 and throughout '24. That can be a very good source of liquidity for us. And we're really indifferent whether that replaces funding or whether we roll that over into new securities. But if you look at the rest of the portfolio, it's about $40 billion and we think that's a good core size. We can let run off there, fund some of the liquidity needs on a short-term basis, but that's longer term, we think that that's probably a good relative size for the portfolio given our overall liquidity management position.
Chris Gorman: Peter, the other thing that I would add to that, as you think about the puts and takes on the balance sheet is that in the fourth quarter, for example, we put 24% of the capital that we raised, which was $33 billion on our balance sheet. Historically, that number has been 18%. So, with the dislocation in all the capital markets, we're able to structure things in a manner that we want and put them on our balance sheet. As these capital markets work their way out that won't -- it will basically start deviating back to kind of 18-type percent as opposed to 24%. So that's just a little bit of a different wrinkle that I think is pretty -- as I said, short term over the next half a year or so.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks and Don best of luck and it's been a pleasure working with you over these years.
Don Kimble: Right back at you, Peter. Thanks so much.
Operator: And at this time there are no further questions. I'll turn it back to you for any closing remarks.
Chris Gorman: Well, thank you, operator, and thank you for participating in our conference call. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, 216-689-4221. And I just want to thank everybody for your interest in Key. And on that note, we will hang up. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-20 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to KeyCorp’s Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Chris Gorman. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Well, thank you for joining us for KeyCorp’s third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today are Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; Clark Khayat, our Chief Strategy Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. On slide two, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I am now moving to slide three. This morning, we reported earnings of $513 million or $0.55 per common share. Our results included $0.06 per share of additional loan loss provision in excess of net charge-offs. Revenue was up 5% relative to the second quarter, driven by higher net interest income with a 13-basis-point increase in our debt interest margin. One thing that sets Key apart is our approach to managing interest rate risk. We have been very deliberate and intentional in managing with a long-term perspective. While our net interest income is expected to be up double-digits this year, our balance sheet positioning presents a unique and significant upside for Key over the next two years. Even in the event that rates remain at current levels, we will experience a meaningful benefit as our securities and swaps re-price. If we were to re-price our existing short-term treasuries and swaps at today’s interest rates, we would have an annualized net interest income benefit of over $1.2 billion. Our balance sheet benefits from our strong stable deposit base. Approximately 60% of our deposits are in stable, low cost retail and escrow balances. In our commercial businesses, approximately 85% of our deposits are from core operating accounts. We grew our loans again this quarter as we continue to add and expand relationships with our targeted clients. Our growth came from both our commercial and our consumer businesses. We remain diligent in our underwriting practices and have walked away from business that does not meet our moderate risk profile. Our fee-based businesses continue to reflect current market conditions. Investment banking and debt placement fees were up $5 million from the prior quarter, but down meaningfully from the year-ago period, reflecting the slowdown in the capital markets. The new issue equity market is virtually non-existent and the M&A market is currently engaged in price discovery. Our pipelines remain solid, particularly in M&A. However, the pull-through rate continues to be adversely impacted by market uncertainty. We continue to see more activity moving onto our balance sheet. In the third quarter, we raised a record $39 billion for our clients, of which 23% was retained on our balance sheet, well above our long-term average of 18%. We will continue to do what is best for our clients, including offering on and off-balance sheet solutions. Importantly, we continue to make progress with respect to our targeted scale sectors, which are not only high growth opportunities for Key, but areas that matter to both our country and our economy. We have made a conscious decision to invest and focus our resources in certain vital growing sectors, including healthcare, renewable energy and affordable housing that impact both our clients and our communities. Both renewable energy and affordable housing are areas of investment and recently passed Federal Legislation. Combined, the Inflation Reduction Act and the Bipartisan Infrastructure Bill have allocated over $300 billion for energy transition. In healthcare, we are growing relationships with significant healthcare providers and expanding our Laurel Road business, including our recent market extension to include nurses. We are also very pleased with the early results from our May 2022 acquisition of GradFin. Since the GradFin team joined Key, they have held over 14,000 individual consultations for refinance and public service loan forgiveness. These consultations are with pre-qualified prudential prospects, all new to Key. Our expenses continue to reflect our investments in our teammates, digital and analytics. We continue to balance expense discipline with investments for the future. Credit quality remained strong this quarter, with net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans of 15 basis points. Non-performing loans declined from the prior quarter. We remain committed to delivering sound, profitable growth by maintaining our discipline with respect to risk. We will continue to support our clients while maintaining our moderate-risk profile, which positions the company to perform well through all business cycles. Our capital remains the strength, providing us with sufficient capacity to support our clients and return capital to our shareholders. Our fourth quarter guidance keeps us on a path to deliver positive operating leverage again in 2022, and concurrently, make progress against each of our long-term goals. We also continue to make tangible progress against the three commitments we announced earlier this year at our Investor Day. These goals for 2025 are as follows, growing relationship households in our consumer business by 20%, growing our senior bankers by 25%, and growing our Laurel Road member households to 250,000 from 50,000. We are on pace to achieve all three measures. We have grown consumer households and Laurel Road members, as well as the number of our senior bankers, although our senior banker hires have been slower in the back half of this year, reflecting current market conditions. Overall, Key delivered another solid quarter. I remain confident in our future and our ability to create value for all of our stakeholders. With that, I will turn it over to Don to provide more details on the results of the quarter and our outlook. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Chris. I am now on slide five. For the third quarter, net income from continuing operations was $0.55 per common share, up $0.01 in the prior quarter and down $0.10 from last year. Our results in the current quarter reflect strong core operating performance and the resiliency of our business model as we continue to navigate through the current market condition. Pre-provision net revenues was up 9% from the second quarter, with a 5% increase in revenue driven by loan growth and by the way that we positioned our balance sheet to benefit from higher interest rates. Our results also reflect our ongoing focus on expense management and our strong risk profile. Turning to slide six. Average loans for the quarter were $114 billion, up 14% from the year ago period and up 5% from the prior quarter. We continue to add and deepen client relationships across our franchise, which drove loan growth in both our commercial and consumer businesses. Commercial loans increased 5% from last quarter reflecting broad-based growth across our industry verticals. Our consumer business continue to be strong with -- continued with its strong performance as we saw residential real estate originations of $1.9 billion. Consistent with our focus of health -- on healthcare segment, 30% of our consumer mortgage originations were to healthcare professionals. Laurel Road originated approximately $200 million of loans this quarter reflecting the ongoing federal student loan payment holiday, as well as the impact of interest rates. Continuing on to slide seven. Average deposits totaled $144 billion for the third quarter of 2022, down $3 billion or 2% compared to both the prior quarter and the year ago period. Year-over-year, we saw a decline in non-operating commercial deposit balances, partially offset by an increase in retail deposits. The decline from the prior quarter reflected lower commercial and consumer balances, both areas were impacted by a reduction in stimulus related funds. Interest-bearing deposit costs increased 17 basis points from the prior quarter. This resulted in a cumulative deposit beta of 9%. We continue to have a strong stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for approximately 60% of our total deposit mix. In addition, 85% of our commercial deposits are from core operating accounts. Turning to slide eight. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.2 billion for the third quarter, compared to $1.0 billion in the year-ago quarter and $1.1 billion in the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.74% for the third quarter, compared to 2.47% for the same period last year and 2.61% for the prior quarter. Year-over-year, net interest income benefited from higher earning asset balances and a favorable balance sheet mix, as well as the benefit of higher interest rates. Quarter-over-quarter, net interest income and margin benefited from higher interest rates and loan growth, partially offset by higher interest-bearing deposit costs. Both net interest income and net interest margin reflect lower loan fees related to PPP loan forgiveness, as well as the impact of the sale of our indirect auto portfolio in the third quarter of 2021. Included in the appendix is additional detail on our investment portfolio and asset liability position. As Chris mentioned, we have intentionally positioned Key to continue to benefit from higher interest rates over the next few years. For example, if we were to re-price our existing $9 billion in short-term treasuries and $26 billion of swaps for today’s interest rates, we would have an annualized net interest income benefit of over $1.2 billion. This positions us to continue to grow net interest income and the net interest margin over each of the next few years even if rates do not increase. Moving to slide nine. Non-interest income was $683 million for the third quarter of 2022, compared to $797 million for the year ago period and $688 million in the second quarter. Our fee businesses continue to be impacted by the slowdown in capital markets. Investment banking and debt placement fees were $154 million for the quarter, up $5 million from last quarter, but down $81 million year-over-year. Compared to last year, in addition to lower investment banking fees, cards and payments income was $20 million lower, driven by lower prepaid card revenue, which was partially offset by core growth. Consumer mortgage income was also lower, reflecting lower gain on sale margins. Strength in the corporate services income from higher derivatives income partially offset these declines. Quarter-over quarter fees were down $5 million. Trust and investment services income declined, reflecting lower commercial brokerage commissions. Operating lease income was lower due to lease terminations in the quarter. Increases in cards and payments income and the $5 million increase in investment banking fees partially offset these declines. Despite the increase in other income, this line also reflects a $9 million reduction related to the litigation settlement. This quarter we also reclassified certain customer related derivative income items from our other income line to corporate services income. This change was reflected in the current period, as well as reclassified in prior periods for comparability. I am now on slide 10. Total non-interest expense for the quarter was $1.1 billion, relatively stable with last year and up $28 million from last quarter. Our expenses reflect our ongoing investments in digital, analytics and our teammates. Compared to the year ago quarter, our expenses were down $6 million. We saw declines across most non-personnel line items, including business services and professional fees. Higher personnel costs partially offset these declines related to an increase in salaries expense. This increase included $8 million of lower deferred costs from slower loan originations and $10 million of higher contract labor related to technology initiatives. Compared to the prior quarter non-interest expense was up $28 million. Higher personnel costs drove this increase. This increase was caused by higher salaries related to seasonal staffing and $10 million of lower deferred costs from slower loan originations. In addition, higher incentives and stock-based compensation was driven by a $12 million increase related to the relative stock price change on incentive compensation. Partially offsetting these increases were declines across most non-personnel line items, including occupancy and business services and professional fees. Now moving on to slide 11. Overall credit quality remains strong. For the third quarter, net charge-offs were $43 million or 15 basis points of average loans. Non-performing loans were $390 million this quarter or 34 basis points of period-end loans, a decline of $39 million from the prior quarter. We did see a very slight increase in our 30-day to 89-day delinquencies and criticized loans this quarter, although both remain near historic lows. Our provision for credit losses was $109 million for the quarter, up from $45 million in the second quarter and exceeding net charge-offs by $66 million. The increase in the provision was driven by the change in the economic outlook. Now on to slide 12. We ended the third quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.1% within our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. This provides us with sufficient capacity to continue to support our customers and their borrowing needs, and return capital to our shareholders. We will continue to manage our capital consistent with our capital priorities; first, supporting organic growth of our businesses; second, paying dividends and as we have mentioned before our Board of Directors will evaluate a dividend increase in the fourth quarter; and third, repurchasing shares. During the quarter, our Board of Directors approved an extension of our share repurchase authorization of $790 million, which is now in place through the third quarter of 2023. We did not complete any share repurchases in the current period. As we have in prior years, we have updated slide 13 to show our fourth quarter outlook relative to our third quarter results, using the midpoints of our guidance ranges, which support Chris’ comments about delivering another year of positive operating leverage in 2022. We expect average loans will be up between 2% and 4% and average deposits up 1% to 3%. Net interest income is expected to be up between 4% and 6%, reflecting growth in average loan balances and higher interest rates. Our guidance is based on the forward curve assuming a Fed funds rate of 4.25% by the end of 2022. Non-interest income is expected to be up between 1% and 3%. This reflects an expected seasonal pickup in investment banking and debt placement fees, so we would expect the fourth quarter of 2022 to be well below the fourth quarter of 2021 results. This also accounts for the implementation of our new NSF OD fee structure, which will decrease service charges on deposit accounts by approximately $25 million this quarter. The higher interest rate environment will also impact the earnings credit in our commercial businesses and is expected to further pressure this line item. We expect non-interest expense to be up between 1% and 3% for the fourth quarter, reflecting higher incentive compensation relative to fee production, as well as $20 million of one-time charges in the fourth quarter, including a pension settlement charge, which will flow through other expense. For the quarter, we expect credit quality to remain strong and net charge-offs to be at the lower-end of our 15-basis-point to 25-basis-point range. Our guidance for GAAP tax rate remains the same at approximately 19%. Finally, shown at the bottom of the slide are our long-term targets, which remain unchanged. We expect to continue to make progress on these targets by maintaining our moderate risk profile and improving our productivity and efficiency, which will drive returns. Overall, it was a solid quarter and we remain confident in our ability to grow and deliver on our commitments. With that, I will now turn the call back over to the Operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Alex [ph] Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Good morning, everybody.
Chris Gorman: Good morning. You changed your name, Steve?
Steven Alexopoulos: Yeah. So I want to start on the deposit side. So if we look at the $4 billion decline in the non-interest bearing, right, you are appropriately calling out the decline in non-operating deposits. If you look at the $47 billion where you ended the quarter, how much of that is still non-operational and at risk to see outflows?
Don Kimble: I would say that at the end of the quarter, when we look at our commercial balances, it’s still in that 85% range. And we do believe that part of that decline, to be honest, is that we were a little stingy on some of our deposit rates and it’s part of our outlook for the fourth quarter of showing deposits increase. We really have two factors, one is seasonal changes, and then also, two, is to use some of that deposit beta and maybe retain or attract additional customer relationships that are non-operating.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. That’s helpful commentary, Don. Follow-up, so if we look at the interest-bearing deposit costs and only 25 basis points and the three-month fee bills [ph] is now at 4%, why aren’t deposit costs going to materially ramp in the quarters ahead for you guys or really for everybody? I know that, historically, retail was sleepy, right, the money that move but it’s a different era today. What gives you confidence that you could continue to see NIM expansion, which you clearly are signaling with the commentary around treasuries and swaps? Could you really flesh that out for us? Thanks.
Chris Gorman: So, Steve, it’s Chris. A couple of things. One, when we were awash in liquidity, we were pretty disciplined about how -- what deposits we kept and what deposits we pushed out. So our starting point is a bit differentiated from where it’s been in other cycles. The other thing to keep in mind is that 65% or 60% of our deposits are both consumer deposits and our escrow business, which has significant deposits. And we have been really focused on -- our pillars have been focused on four things, one of which has been primacy for some time. So I think we are in a little bit different position than we have ever been in as the cycle changes. What we are seeing is that our cumulative beta is 9% through the first three quarters. We think our cumulative beta will be 15% for the year. We are projecting an endpoint on a spot basis of just above 30%. So we are anticipating a fairly significant ramp, but not the kind of experience that we have had before based on all the work we did prior to the interest -- the rise in interest rates.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. So is it safe to say most banks are guiding that NIMs are going to peak in the first half than probably of next year and then trend down in the second half. Are you guys confident you will see NIM expansion through 2023? Thanks.
Don Kimble: We will provide more on the 2023 outlook in January. But that -- you are right, as we look at how we are positioned with the benefit that Chris and I both referred to as far as just the short-term swaps and the short-term treasuries and those rollovers that we do believe that we are going to grow net interest income and margin even beyond that first half of 2023 and so even with this increased deposit beta. And so that was intentional on our part to have more of a long-term focus as far as how we manage interest rate risk, and we think that while it’s costing us a little bit on a relative basis now, we think that we will be recouping that throughout the later periods of 2023 and 2024.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Thanks for all the color.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: You mentioned, Chris, the $1.2 billion benefit over time early on in your prepared remarks, and Don, you mentioned it again. So, I guess, let me ask the question. Number one, your C&I loan beta was 53% this quarter. Is that essentially the impact from the swaps and should we expect a similar loan beta as the Fed continues to raise rates? And as we think about that $1.2 billion benefit coming back, how much of that is coming from the swap book versus the securities book and over what period of time do you realize that $1.2 billion back into your net interest income?
Don Kimble: Sure. Maybe I can go ahead and take a crack at that, Erika. And I don’t have it broken out for C&I but for total commercial, the swap impact for commercial yields cost us 43 basis points on a linked-quarter basis. And so instead of the increase that you are seeing for commercial yields that just the actual loan itself would have translated to 116 basis point increase. And so I think that’s going to be much more consistent with what you might be seeing for some others that don’t have that hedge impact and so this quarter we did see that kind of relative change on that category as far as the impact from swaps. As far as that $1.2 billion that, it really relates to the swap book and the maturities and also the short-term treasuries. Those treasuries which total about $9 billion really mature throughout late 2023 and throughout 2024. The swap book between now and the end of 2023, we have got $7.3 billion of swap maturities and another $7.5 billion in 2024. And so if we just look at that time period for the next two years and using that same math as far as the re-pricing, we will have $900 million of that $2 billion annualized net income pickup occur in that two-year time period.
Chris Gorman: $1.2 billion.
Don Kimble: Of the $1.2 billion, I am sorry. Yeah. The $900 million out of the $1.2 billion occur in that two-year time period.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my follow-up question is on expenses, I think that Key has always been very good at managing expenses, particularly relative to fees and I think that it probably surprised the street in terms of the personnel costs relative to what happened on the fee side especially. And I am wondering, given that you called out some of the $12 million and the $10 million in your slides, how should we think about the $655 million going forward? And I guess, my other question, and I am sorry, I am not getting this out quickly is, is this just something that even though the capital markets remain dislocated, inflation and the competition for talent will continue to push this -- pressure this upward?
Don Kimble: Yeah. A couple of things. One, our expenses were higher than what we had guided to for this quarter and for the second half of the year. If you look at the components of what drove that change and I will get to your question as part of this is that, there are three items that really caused our outlook for all of 2022 to be higher than what we previously expected. One is more a one-time item. We have got a pension settlement loss projected in the fourth quarter and also some branch consolidation -- not branch, our building consolidation type of costs associated with that and those two combined to $20 million. Outside of personnel, but within our operating losses, during the second quarter, we were seeing our operating losses from the prepaid card product come down through the second quarter and we expected that to continue through the third and fourth quarter. And what we actually saw was those costs actually go up and so it wasn’t a huge increase, but compared to what our relative positioning was and the expectation was for that category, it’s about a $30 million increase for the second half of the year expense structure for us. And the good thing about that is that we have taken action to address that and we will start to see that over time, but the other good thing is it has a limited life to us. These are related to funds that were distributed as part of the stimulus programs and they are winding down and so we don’t think that will have an ongoing impact with us. The third component, Erika, really is deferred loan origination costs and that cost us about $20 million. And most of that is with our reset of our consumer loan originations and the cost that gets deferred associated with that and so we will see increases from that continue for some time period because we are not seeing a return of the previous origination levels. So that will be there. For the fourth quarter, we expect to see our capital markets revenues pick up. And as we have said before, the incentive compensation expense tend to be correlated to the tune of about $0.30 on the dollar. So for every dollar of investment banking and debt placement fee increase, we will see that come through incentives. As far as where we see for other salary and personnel costs that, I would say, just looking at the year-over-year, adjusting for some of these items, I talked about for the deferred loan origination costs and things. Our total salary dollars were up about 10% and headcount is up about 5%. Now some of that includes some of the smaller acquisitions we have done throughout the year and so that does imply a 4% to 5% inflationary impact for some of the salaries. Some of that is because of the lower end of the pay scale continued to have increases, some of its market pressure and we will be working through that as we said, our expectation for merit increases for 2023 and beyond. And I think that the important thing here, Erika, also is that, we are very focused on driving positive operating leverage. We expect to do that this year and we haven’t given guidance for 2023 or beyond yet, but we expect to continue that through the next several years as well.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next we will go to John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning
John Pancari: Related to your last comment there on the operating leverage, I mean, your cash efficiency ratio is running at about 60% year-to-date. And just if -- wondering how you -- if you could help us think how you are thinking about that for 2023 and if not, maybe if you could help us with the magnitude of pause off the leverage that we could see in 2023? And then separately, your long-term target, you maintain that at 54% to 56%, how should we think about what you need to see to be able to achieve that level? Thanks.
Chris Gorman: John, it’s Chris. Good morning. So I think our efficiency ratio for the quarter we just printed was right around 58%. It’s not -- we do aspire to get to 54% to 56%. But as Don mentioned, what we are really focused on is positive operating leverage. And if you think about our capital markets business coming back, if you think about some of the many investments that we continue to make coming to fruition and you think about the trajectory that Don described from an NII perspective, obviously, that continues to move us toward that long-term target that you referenced of 54% to 56%.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Thanks, Chris. And then, separately, in terms of deposit growth expectations, I appreciate the color you gave near-term. I wanted to just get a little bit of color on how you think about deposit growth as you look into 2023. Maybe if you could talk about the mix shift of non-interest-bearing towards interest-bearing and then overall growth levels. Do you think incremental declines are possible as we look into the early part of 2023? Thanks.
Chris Gorman: Well, I mean, we are really kind of going into a bit of uncharted territory. I will tell you this, though, we have been pretty consistent in that our non-interest-bearing have been right around 32% and that hasn’t moved and I don’t anticipate that moving a lot as we go forward. And as I mentioned earlier, this deposit book has been pretty well scrubbed over a period of time. Having said all that, as interest rates continue to rise, some deposits that previously were deemed to be not interest rate sensitive will, in fact, be interest rate sensitive. And we saw some of that movement in the third quarter where some of our public sector customers that are more interest rate sensitive moved. So we are, obviously, watching it very closely and it’s certainly an interesting dynamic, particularly as the Fed unwinds their balance sheet concurrently.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Chris. Good morning, Don.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Gerard.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Chris, you talked about the strength in the commercial and industrial loan growth, and you have taken on more of your originations than you have in the past as more of your customers are coming on to your balance sheet rather than going to the capital markets. A couple of questions; one, can you share with us what percentage of that portfolio is considered leveraged loans; and then also, in that same kind of vein, how big is your syndicated loan portfolio and did that impact the growth this quarter?
Chris Gorman: So, a couple of things, our leverage book, Gerard, has been pretty consistent at about 2.5% of total loans. And what’s interesting about that is it’s been 2.5% even when we were a much smaller company. So that portfolio has a lot of velocity. It’s in our -- it’s in the segments in which we focus. There’s been some talk about some of the deals that are hung lately. We have just had just a de minimis mark over the last six months in that book. So we feel really, really good about that. Most of the growth that you are seeing conversely is really an investment-grade credit and the market was dislocated enough and our clients were trying to do things in an expeditious manner and we have really grown the percentage of our C&I book that’s investment-grade as we brought more onto the balance sheet. Right now, our C&I book is about 50% investment-grade, which is a bit of an outlier for a bank of our size.
Gerard Cassidy: And when you underwrite the new originations, do you guys -- I assume you always do this, but are you stressing in for 200 basis points or 300 basis points higher rates, just so that you are protected if rates are to go quite a bit higher from here?
Chris Gorman: For sure. I mean, our first stress that we always run is actually 300 basis points and we run a lot of stress -- other stresses. And when you get into anything that’s leveraged, we stress EBITDA and we stress interest rates, because that’s the danger of anything that’s leveraged as you have the concurrent decline of EBITDA and the increase in borrowing costs and we do a lot of stressing with respect to those credits.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then as a follow-up question, your credit quality obviously is superb. Like many of your peers and I know that’s going to be a defining moment for you folks through the cycle. So the question I have is on the consumer loan portfolio with the FICO scores. I think you showed it averages out to 772. Have you guys -- there has been some chatter that FICO scores like, I think, call, as grades have been inflated. Are you guys seeing anything where these FICO scores if you compare them to five years ago, they are inflated or is that really not the case?
Chris Gorman: I haven’t personally done the analysis but just because we look at the stuff all the time. I think there’s probably a lot of like they teach the SAP. I think there is some instruction on how to get your FICO score up. Having said that if you, think about the super prime customers that we are focused, on doctors, dentists, which for example, were 30% of our mortgage originations last quarter. We feel really, really good about our consumer book as we look kind of across all the metrics.
Don Kimble: And Gerard, you are right, there actually was some technical change in some of the FICO scores and I don’t know if it was by law or what, they had to exclude certain, like, medical-related costs or loans or expenses. And so if you would adjust for that, I think, today’s FICO score is, probably, 10 basis points to 15 basis points higher and the same would be several years ago and so instead of our 772, it might be a 760, which is still a super prime even in historic standards.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you, Don. Thank you, Chris.
Chris Gorman: Thanks, Gerard.
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey. Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess, Don, just wanted to follow up on the swap and the treasury securities portfolio. So I get in terms of how this should help NII. That’s obviously assuming that rates stay high for the next 12 months to 18 months. Is there anything that you plan to do ahead of time to lock in that upside or just give us a sense of -- because what I worry is, if we get to the next three months to six months rates so lower, do we start losing some of that benefit that you would have otherwise had and is there a way that you expect to lock that in ahead of time?
Don Kimble: We are continuing to review that on a regular basis. I would say that our ALCO committee as we get together. We tend to think that we are going to see rates higher for longer just given what we have experienced in the current marketplace. But even with that, you have seen a little bit of a tick up again as far as our forward starting swaps and that’s exactly the purpose of that, Ebrahim, is that we are looking to put on swaps that actually kick in as some of these will mature and start to lock in some of that forward benefit for us as well. And we are not ready to do a wholesale type of repositioning to achieve that, but we do expect to continue to use that tool over the next several quarters to help lock in some of that benefit.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That’s fair. And I guess, just on a separate question, following up on credit left to do with your portfolio, but you have a lens into sort of the middle market commercial CRE. Like how stressed do you expect that customer base, are you seeing areas where you have kind of pulled back given the rapid rise in Fed interest rates and what we are seeing in the market in terms of spread widening? Like what are the areas where you are seeing pain where you pulled back as a bank and where do you -- like do you actually start seeing a 4%, 4.5% Fed funds as more certainly creating pressure for a subset of that segment?
Chris Gorman: Sure. I will take that one. Clearly, I mean, last year and our view for sometime has been that these would -- that inflation would be persistent and that rates would have to be higher for longer. And if you go back to a year ago in September, when we exited indirect auto $3.3 billion portfolio, that was an area that we thought and I still believe will be under intense stress in the market that we are entering. The other thing that I always look for is any place that there’s leverage, and Gerard Cassidy, had just asked a question about leverage loans. That’s an area that we pay a lot of attention to. Another area that we pay a lot of attention to is just real estate broadly. And by strategy, we are focused on apartments, multifamily and industrial. Interestingly, those values are up significantly from pre-pandemic levels respect -- 15% and 39%, respectively. The other area where I think that there’s going to be a lot of dislocation is in office, particularly B and C class office, because those buildings are leveraged, and obviously, people have changed the way they work. That’s not a business that we are in, in any significant way. Although, we do have a $600 billion third-party commercial loan servicing portfolio, which is debt that’s off us. And now the second largest category below retail where you would expect that’s starting to go into active special servicing are these B and C class offices in central business districts. Those are a few of the places that I’d bring to your attention.
Ebrahim Poonawala: And just on the office, do you think it’s a cliff event just given the nature of the leases or is it going to be more like what we have seen with big box retail, malls, where it’s played out over the last decade as opposed to in any given quarter or any given year?
Chris Gorman: Yeah. I think -- I don’t think it’s a cliff event. I think it’s a slow burn. Because if you think about these B and C class office space, they have many, many tenants with varying termination dates on their leases. I think it will be a slow but consistent burn.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Thanks for taking my questions.
Chris Gorman: Sure.
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Hey.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Scott Siefers: Chris, I was hoping you could sort of walk through the investment banking pipelines and pull-through. I think we can all see what’s happening in the industry. But some companies are noting that there’s still enough activity taking place at sort of the smaller end of the segment, middle market and below that it’s keeping sort of activity going enough to prop up numbers. So where are you seeing healthier activity versus what’s still slow? And just given your background, will -- do you think there’s a point where we will say get price discovery and then increased activity despite higher rates and a weaker economic backdrop?
Chris Gorman: So I do. So where the activity has remained strong and we had a very good quarter in this area, it was areas like syndicated finance. So that area continues to be strong. The areas that are really challenged are is the public equity market. And that’s a market, unlike the debt market where it’s binary, either you can issue equity or you can’t basically and right now, you clearly can’t. The M&A markets, I am confident will come back. We are involved in a lot of these strategic discussions. And what’s happening, Scott, is if you are a buyer, you basically have sort of a free option. There’s no huge impetus to close. Everyone is looking out over the horizon and predicting a downturn, and so if you have a deal locked up, you sort of drag your feet and wait and see what the downturn is going to look like. Our pipelines remain strong in that business. We continue to selectively hire people. It will come back. I don’t think it’s going to come back. I don’t see any significant market change in the fourth quarter, by the way. But I do think that the business will come back. Having said that, I have been doing this for a long time, there’s an inverse relationship between the amount of time you have been working on the deal and the probability that it’s actually going to close and so I throw that out as a watch point.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Okay. That’s good color. Thank you. And then maybe, Don, this notion of AOCI marks and the tangible book and TCE heads has gotten a lot more attention. A lot of companies have begun to move pretty substantial amounts of their curious portfolios to held to maturity. So in a sense, you can sort of make the TCE tangible book as you go away with the wave of hand, so to speak. So maybe just some thoughts on why you guys are keeping mostly available-for-sale. To what degree does TCE matter in your eyes, does it govern any of your capital management thinking or things like that?
Don Kimble: Sure. That -- as we look at our future security purchases, we are starting to put a portion of those into held-to-maturity, whereas it used to be primarily only into the available-for-sale. And so we are just separating some where we might want to have bullet maturities where we can do some end of life type of swaps attached to it that we need to keep those in available-for-sale as opposed to move them into held-to-maturity. The TCE ratio isn’t a high priority for us. Our main capital ratio that we focus on is the common equity Tier 1 ratio and some of the other regulatory ratios whether it’s Tier 1 or total. And so that’s why we -- you saw us take action in the third quarter with a preferred stock issuance and also a sub-debt issuance and we feel very good about how we are positioned across that capital spectrum. The other thing to think about, too, as far as the TCE ratio, if you would just back out the AOCI impact for TCE that would take our ratio up by 330 basis points, and so on that adjusted basis, which will all come back over time, because we don’t have risk of those investments not being paid off because they are all agencies or U.S. treasuries, we are going to see that realized and so that’s more of the area of focus for us as well.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Okay. Good. Thank you guys for taking the questions.
Chris Gorman: Yeah.
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Matt O’Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O’Connor: Good morning. Just wondering what you are seeing in loan pricing trends, specifically in commercial, obviously, the absolute yield is going up because of higher rates. But are you seeing any improvement in spreads given we see widening in the marketplace -- in public markets that is?
Don Kimble: That’s a great question, Matt. And what’s ironic about this is, to-date what we have seen is credit spreads widen out for the investment grade companies that we serve and because they are seeing that in the capital markets for the middle market space, because of the competition there it tends to be more local. We haven’t seen the commercial spreads widen that much yet. We would expect that to pick up over time here. But near-term the spreads are holding in but not expanding on the commercial for the lower middle market customers.
Matt O’Connor: Any way to quantify on the investment-grade, as you mentioned, your overweight investment grade versus others, so that’s probably a positive for you.
Don Kimble: Well, it is for us, and I would say that, on the credit spread widening, we have probably seen a good 20 basis points of widening generally on pricing reflective of credit spreads in the market.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next we have a question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi. One negative, one positive. The negative is the personnel expense up so much quarter-to-quarter and I get one-time items 8% just versus -- it’s just the -- how the one-time items seem to repeat, and therefore, maybe they aren’t so one-time. I mean, I guess, you said, fourth quarter might have some more. Next year do you expect more one-time items or when do we get more core expense numbers, because that seemed to come in a little higher than expected? And on the positive side, as far as your outlook for NII and the NIM, I mean, your NIM of 2.7%, a decade ago it was close to 3.7%. Conceptually, we have had almost 14 years of zero interest rates and now that we are getting out of that. Could you potentially get all the way back to 3.7% or what are some of the ins and outs since the global financial crisis that could help or hurt that?
Don Kimble: Sure. As far as personnel, a couple of things that we have talked about is being one-time or just different. One is the pension settlement loss that we will have in the fourth quarter. The good thing there is that, with rates being higher, the threshold is higher for us to be in a position to have to realize losses in the future and so we do think this truly is more one-time. And as long as rates remain where they are at or even go a little higher, we shouldn’t see that come through as far as a charge. The one thing that you will see, Mike, is that a good portion of our long-term incentive compensation is tied to our stock price. And we want our employees to be shareholders and have a consistent objective to what our shareholders have as well. And so part of that incentive compensation expense does fluctuate from time to time with our share price and so our expectation and hope is that we will see our share price increase, and so from that, you will see the incentive compensation expense increase with that as well. Beyond that, Mike, that I would say, for the current quarter versus a year ago, as I mentioned before, the core salary line item is up about 10%, with about 5% of that coming from headcount related increases. Some of that’s from acquisitions we have done. And we had about a 4% kind of merit increase impact to that as well throughout the year and that reflects some of the experience we had for rightsizing the lower salaries, but also the market pressure that we are seeing. And so near-term, I think, we will probably see a little higher than our typical 2% as far as wage inflation going forward, but I think we will see that settle down. And as Chris has said, that we will continue to make investments in talent and especially in our frontline bankers and also in the technology space to continue to grow our business, but with that, we will be holding the people accountable to making sure that we are getting the appropriate returns on those investments and showing the growth going forward.
Chris Gorman: Yeah. Don, the only thing I would add to that is, on the technology front, there has been a transition, we think about full stack engineers from some contract labor to people that are part of our headcount. We just think it’s important as we continue to become the digital bank that we are, that we control that talent. So that’s a piece of what you are seeing there, Mike?
Don Kimble: Yeah. And then, Mike, as far as the margin expansion. I don’t want people to start thinking that we are going to be at a 3.7% margin, because our risk profile is much different than what it was historically and so it is relationship based. But we do see significant growth from that. And so one -- and just a simple math for that would be taking a look at our full year net interest income and if you just layered on top of that, the $1.2 billion that we talked about for the re-pricing of the swaps and the treasuries, that clearly gets you into the mid-3s and maybe not to the 3.7% range. But we would see some meaningful lift from here if the rates play out with this kind of environment.
Mike Mayo: And then just one follow-up on that comment about technology, so less consultants and more full-time tech employees so that you can better control your tech destiny, is that the idea of this and what was the tipping point for that change?
Chris Gorman: The tipping point was, as we were in the pandemic and everybody was short on talent, we were getting more turnover from some of our contractors than frankly we wanted to get and we wanted to be able to literally have the continuity and we wanted to drive our strategy in a consistent way with leadership and so we made the decision in certain areas to dial back contract labor and to hire in. When I say its full stack engineers, the nice thing is that with some of the acquisitions we have made, Mike, we have the kind of leaders that can attract the kind of people onto our platform that we want as we go to the next level.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks a lot. Good morning. Don, just one more follow-up on the balance sheet mix, so the securities portfolio has been hanging around $50 billion and just want to understand with that planned run-off in that good slide have in the back about the maturities, do you expect to keep the securities portfolio around the size from here and then just I am trying to understand how that gets funded incrementally given that you are still expecting decent loan growth?
Don Kimble: Yeah. That -- there’s really two pieces of our investment portfolio. One is the core book, which is about $40 billion and the other is the U.S. treasuries, which are about $9 billion. I think near-term and our outlook would suggest that we think that core portfolio will hang in there around the $40 billion level and so we think that’s appropriate just from a liquidity perspective and a balance sheet mix. For the U.S. treasury portion of the portfolio, we will make some assessments as that maturities -- as those maturities come through and we will get the benefit of whether we use that for future funding or we just go ahead and roll that into the core portfolio. And so, yet to be determined how that plays out, but I would say that, there’s probably less certainty on that $9 billion short-term treasury portfolio.
Ken Usdin: And just following on to that then, so the $1.2 billion benefit would -- does that contemplate like any type of delta in sizing of both the securities book and the overall swaps book as you get to those out years?
Don Kimble: The swap book assumes that it would stay the same and then on the treasury portfolio, it has either the assumed impact of rolling that over into more one year treasuries or using that for funding and it has the same net bottom line impact at this point in time.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then just, sorry, one more follow-up, just do you have an understanding or can you help us understand just when the near-term swaps detriment just from the natural higher rates kind of gets to its bottom and then you start to get this that incremental benefit rate of change starts to happen, I guess, it sounds like that’s in next year, but do you have an understanding of kind of when that pivot happens?
Don Kimble: Well, I would say that, a couple of things we would have to know for that, when do short-term rates peak, because that’s going to be the main driver as to when that negative impact happens for the existing portfolio. And then as we have the rollovers of that book, we will be picking-up over 400 basis points on, excuse me, over 300 basis points on the swaps as they would rollover. And so that will help offset that, but it’s probably sometime in 2023 that we start to see that peak and move the other direction.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. Thanks, Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Betsy Graseck: A couple of questions. One, I just wanted to understand what kind of loan growth you have got baked into your outlook and what is your expectation for how you are going to fund that loan growth?
Chris Gorman: So what we -- on the loan growth front, we would not see the same trajectory of loan growth that we have experienced in the last couple of quarters. Our guidance for Q4 is 2% to 4%, Betsy. And we have had a lot of lift from -- on the consumer side over the last several quarters. I don’t see the same level of lift that -- so I think you are going to see -- we haven’t given guidance yet for 2023, but with respect to loan growth we are targeting 2% to 4% in the fourth quarter.
Don Kimble: And just to fund that our guidance for the fourth quarter is also 1% to 3% increase in our deposits. And if you go through the math, it’s a pretty close match there as far as the midpoints of both around that $3 billion kind of range. And so it’s -- we think we will be fairly close to funding that through just the core balance sheet growth. We have used other wholesale funding to help fill that gap in the last couple of quarters, but expect it to be more core going forward.
Betsy Graseck: And if the deposits don’t come through for whatever reason, can you just give us your hierarchy of how you would go about funding it, is it securities roll-off or you first go to the wholesale funding piece?
Don Kimble: Near-term we have been using FHLB advances and locking those into set maturities or term maturities. So we would probably continue that. And then, as I mentioned before, we are still yet undecided as far as the roll-off of the U.S. treasuries when they start coming through next year and then 2024 is to how we use those proceeds.
Betsy Graseck: And then just lastly, I know the forward curve is looking for the Fed to be done in early 2023, but if they end up extending with the rate hike cycle going further into 2023, how should we expect that impacts the outlook here? I know you mentioned that, you have got benefit of the short-term of the swaps rolling off that should help, but I am just wondering, is there any timing that we should be considering here?
Don Kimble: Yeah. I don’t think there’s any cliff or any events there that, we still view the rates going up. We will still have a net positive even with deposit betas being higher than what they have been before, and then just the re-pricing of the swaps and the treasuries will be additive for us. And so we think that we still will be able to grow net interest income and margin throughout the next couple of years, even if rates do go beyond the current outlook.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Okay. And then just last question, going back to the quarter in mortgage for the quarter, very strong results here with. I just wanted to understand what the main driver of that was and the tail, the legs on that type of increase? Thanks.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So for us it was driven really by the purchase, 87% of our originations were purchased, and this is a relationship based business, 30% were medical professionals. So ours will -- basically refinance business, Betsy, has completely dried up. I would envision from here that purchased mortgage continues to decline in this environment as we believe we are in for a cycle that’s higher for longer.
Betsy Graseck: Right. So this is reflecting in loans that had probably started a quarter or two ago, so we should expect that to tail-off and are these 30-year fixed you are putting on or 15-year ARM floaters, can you give us a sense of the construct?
Don Kimble: It tends to be more ARMs in 15-year. We do have some 30-year fixed in some of our doctor, dentist program that we have had. But I’d say, it’s a mix of those. And we would expect to see the fourth quarter origination levels be lower than what the third quarter was. It still is a core product for us and something that we had underweighted in the past, so we still think there is room for some modest growth in the balance sheet there.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question will come from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Hey. Good morning, Chris and Don.
Chris Gorman: Hi.
Bill Carcache: I wanted to follow up on your comments around the modest increase in the reserve rate due to the economic outlook. Can you give a little bit more detail on what kind of unemployment assumption is implicit in that reserve and what you would expect the reserve rate to go to if unemployment were to increase to, say, the 5% to 5.5% range?
Don Kimble: Yeah. As far as what we use as our baseline for our CECL reserves, we tend to start with the consensus assessments for Moody’s and so we did see a shift in that from last year to this year. I would say that Moody’s unemployment levels are using about a 4% unemployment level for 2023 and I don’t know that off the top of my head what the impact would be of seeing that going to 5%, because we would have to have the other components of the economic outlook. But I’d say that, if we look at where our reserves were back at January 1, 2020, I’d say that, the unemployment levels and economic outlook was a little worse than what we are seeing now today and our reserve levels there were about 10 basis points or 15 basis points higher than what they are today for us. So it’s a lot of moving parts and pieces. But I think that it’s not going to be a huge change, but still would be reflective in our reserves.
Bill Carcache: That’s helpful. Thank you. And separately, it seems intuitive that the cohort that you are targeting with your Laurel Road products would perform relatively well in a downturn. But is there less credit history for this asset class, and if so, can you give a little bit of color on the kind of data and analytics that you are using to underwrite potential customers? And what’s the approval rate of customers seeking a loan through Laurel Road and actually -- those that actually receive one?
Don Kimble: I would say that we do have data for doctors and dentists programs both on the residential mortgage side and also for student loans. That history is continuing to be built out. We are using that insight in order to inform our credit underwriting decision. I don’t have the exact approval rate for loans. But you would probably assume that it’s fairly high given the nature of the doctor that we are approaching who is going from, say, $80,000 a year in compensation to $300,000-plus and has a firm commitment and a new assignment with a large hospital. So it’s -- I would assume that it could be a fairly high approval rate.
Bill Carcache: Understood. Thank you for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference service. You may now disconnect.
Chris Gorman: Again, thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team 216-689-4221. Thank you again. Good-bye.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-21 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Chris Gorman. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Thank you for joining us for KeyCorp’s second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today are Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; Clark Khayat, our Chief Strategy Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. On Slide 2, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I am now moving to Slide 3. This morning, we reported earnings of $504 million or $0.54 per share. We delivered positive operating leverage compared to the prior quarter and the year ago period. Our results reflect the resiliency of both our business model and our teammates as we continue to successfully navigate a rapidly changing environment. Pre-provision net revenue was up 14% from the first quarter, with a 6% increase in revenue and relatively stable expenses. Revenue was driven by growth in net interest income, which benefited from higher interest rates and strong loan growth. Importantly, we will continue to benefit from higher interest rates over the next several years as our hedges and short-term investments continue to reprice. Our balance sheet also benefits from our strong stable deposit base. Approximately, 60% of our deposits are in stable retail and escrow balances. In our commercial business, approximately 85% of our deposits are from core operating accounts. As I mentioned, loan growth continues to be strong. Average loans were up 5% from the last quarter and 8% from the year ago period. Adjusting for the planned runoff of PPP and the sale of our indirect auto business, average loans grew by 21% year-over-year. Our growth was driven by both our consumer and our commercial businesses. We continue to add clients and support our existing relationships. In our consumer business, we generated over $3.6 billion in loan originations in the quarter from consumer mortgages and Laurel Road. Let me spend just a moment on Laurel Road. We continue to see good momentum in this business, then that is despite the continuation of the federal student loan payment holiday. In May, we launched a new offering for nurses, the largest segment of the healthcare industry. While early, we are very encouraged with the response to our expanded offering. Nurses represent a sizable demographic looking for differentiated, personalized financial products and services, and Laurel Road has the unique opportunity to meet these needs. In the second quarter, we also announced the acquisition of GradFin, a leading loan counselor for healthcare professionals with a digital platform that provides fast and effective solutions for debt relief and government forgiveness programs. In June, our first month with GradFin, we held over 3,200 individual consultations for refinance and public student loan forgiveness. This acquisition aligns well with Laurel Road and our recent expansion to include nurses. These actions enhance our commitment to accelerate growth through targeted investments in niche digital businesses. In our commercial businesses, we continue to see strong loan growth in our targeted industry verticals. Additionally, we benefited from a 100 basis point increase in C&I line utilization. Our outlook for loan growth across our franchise remains strong. Fee income this quarter reflects a slowdown in capital markets activity. Importantly, we continue to offer our clients the best solutions and execution, both on and off balance sheet. This is exactly the way our business model is designed to work. In the second quarter, we raised over $36 billion in capital for our clients, retaining 22% on our balance sheet. Historically, we have retained approximately 18% on our balance sheet. Despite the slowdown in the capital markets, our pipelines remain strong and our long-term outlook for this business is positive. We have and we will continue to invest in this business, including adding high-performing senior bankers. Now, let me shift to expenses. Our expense trends this quarter reflect our strong focus on managing costs, while concurrently making investments, investments in places like additional teammates, investments in digital, and of course, analytics to drive future growth. In addition to investments in Laurel Road and GradFin that I mentioned earlier, we have also continued to invest in digital innovations throughout our business, including our recent expansion of our embedded banking platform with new end-to-end capabilities. We remain committed to delivering sound, profitable growth by maintaining our risk discipline. Credit quality remained strong this quarter, with net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans of 16 basis points. Non-performing loans and criticized loans both declined this quarter. We will continue to support our clients while maintaining our moderate risk profile, which has and will continue to position the company to perform well through the entire business cycle. Our capital levels remain strong, providing us with sufficient capacity to support our clients and return capital to our shareholders. Our Board of Directors recently announced our third quarter dividend of $0.195 per share. This equates to $182 million and a dividend yield of approximately 4.5%. As is our normal practice, the Board will evaluate a dividend increase in the fourth quarter. I will close this morning by reaffirming our expectation that we will deliver another year of positive operating leverage in 2022. We recognize there is a great deal of economic uncertainty. Areas like inflation, higher interest rates, quantitative tightening and of course, the potential for a recession. Given the economic backdrop, we remain steadfast in our focus on serving our clients, maintaining our strong balance sheet, managing our capital and remaining disciplined in our credit underwriting. Don will cover the specifics of our full year guidance in his comments. Overall, Key delivered another solid quarter and I remain confident in our future and our ability to create value for all of our stakeholders. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Don to provide details on the results for the quarter and our outlook for the balance of 2022. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Chris. I am now on Slide 5. For the second quarter, net income from continuing operations was $0.54 per common share, down $0.18 from last year and up $0.09 from the prior quarter. Our results in the current quarter reflect strong core operating performance and the resiliency of our business model as we continue to navigate through the current market conditions. Importantly, we generated positive operating leverage compared to both the prior quarter and the prior year and remain confident in our ability to do so for the full year. As Chris mentioned, pre-provision net revenues was up 14% from the first quarter, with a 6% increase in revenue and relatively stable expenses. Higher net interest income was driven by strong loan growth and the way we have positioned our balance sheet to benefit from higher interest rates. Our results also reflect our focus on strong expense management and our strong risk profile. Turning to Slide 6, average loans for the quarter were $109 billion, up 8% from the year ago period and up 5% from the prior quarter. We continue to add and deepen client relationships across our franchise, which drove strong loan growth in both our commercial and consumer businesses. Commercial loans increased 4% from last quarter, reflecting broad-based growth across our industry verticals. Line utilization rates improved this quarter, increasing 100 basis points from last quarter. Our consumer businesses continued its strong performance as we saw residential real estate originations of $3.2 billion, resulting in an increase in balances of 13% from last quarter. Consistent with our focus on the healthcare segment, approximately one-third of our consumer mortgage originations were to health care professionals. Laurel Road originated $445 million of loans this quarter despite the ongoing federal student loan payment holiday. PPP loan balances were $658 million on average this quarter compared to $7.5 billion last year and $1.2 billion last quarter. If we adjust for the sale of the indirect auto portfolio last year as well as the impact of PPP, our core loans were up year-over-year by approximately $19 billion on average or 21%. Continuing on to Slide 7, average deposits totaled $147 billion for the second quarter of 2022, up $3 billion or 2% compared to the year ago period and down $3 billion or 2% compared to the prior quarter. Year-over-year, we saw broad-based growth in consumer and commercial relationships, including higher commercial escrow and retail deposits, partially offset by the expected continued decline in time deposits. The decline from the prior quarter reflects seasonal commercial outflows, including annual tax payments as well as lower public sector deposits related to stimulus funds. Our cost of interest-bearing deposits only increased 2 basis points from the prior quarter. We continue to have a strong, stable core deposit base, with consumer deposits accounting for approximately 60% of our total deposit mix. In addition, 85% of our commercial deposits are from core operating accounts. Turning to Slide 8, taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.1 billion for the second quarter compared to $1.02 billion in both the year ago period and the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.61% for the second quarter compared to 2.52% for the same period last year and 2.46% for the prior quarter. Year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, both net interest income and net interest margin benefited from higher earning asset balances and a favorable balance sheet mix as well as the benefit from higher interest rates. Quarter-over-quarter net interest income also benefited from 1 additional day in the quarter. Both net interest income and the net interest margin reflect lower loan fees related to PPP loan forgiveness. The current quarter reflected $14 million of net interest income from PPP, down from $21 million in the prior quarter and $62 million in the second quarter of 2021. Included in the appendix is additional detail on our investment portfolio and asset liability position. As Chris mentioned, we have significant upside to higher interest rates over the next several years. For example, if we were to re-price our existing $9.5 billion in short-term treasuries and $27 billion of swaps to today’s interest rates, we would have an annualized net interest income benefit of over $700 million. Moving to Slide 9, non-interest income was $688 million for the second quarter of 2022 compared to $750 million for the year ago period and $676 million in the first quarter. As we mentioned in our mid-quarter update last month, our fee income continues to be impacted by the slowdown in capital markets. Investment banking and debt placement fees were $149 million for the quarter, down $14 million from the first quarter. Compared to the prior period, offsetting the decline in investment banking fees was an increase of $15 million in the other income, mostly related to larger negative market-related adjustments in the prior quarter. Commercial mortgage servicing fees also increased related to elevated prepayment fees. Year-over-year, in addition to lower investment banking fees, cards and payments income was $28 million lower, primarily driven by lower prepaid card revenue, which was partially offset by core growth. Consumer mortgage income was also lower, reflecting higher balance sheet retention and lower gain on sale margins. Strength in our corporate services income partially offset these declines. I am now on Slide 10. Total non-interest expense for the quarter was $1.1 billion, relatively stable with both last year and the last quarter. Compared with the year ago quarter, our expenses are up $2 million. Personnel expenses reflect lower production-related incentives and stock-based compensation offset by higher salaries, including the impact of our direct investments into the business. On the non-personnel side, other expense increased $8 million and computer processing expense increased $7 million. Compared to the prior quarter, non-interest expense is up $8 million. Other expense was elevated, reflecting charges for lease terminations, higher travel and entertainment and FDIC assessments. We also saw increases in marketing expense and net occupancy, which were more than offset from lower personnel costs reflecting lower production-related incentives and stock-based compensation and seasonally higher – excuse me, seasonally lower employee benefit expense. Moving to Slide 11. Overall credit quality remained strong. For the second quarter, net charge-offs were $44 million or 16 basis points of average loans. Non-performing loans were $429 million this quarter or 38 basis points of period-end loans, a decline of $10 million from the prior quarter. Additionally, criticized loans declined and delinquencies were relatively stable quarter-over-quarter. Our allowance for credit losses remained stable with last quarter. Keep in mind, we added Tier 1 our reserves in the first quarter, reflecting our expectation for a slowing economy. The reserve level is based on our continued strong credit metrics as well as our outlook for the overall economy. Now on to Slide 12. We ended the second quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.2%, within our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. This provides us with sufficient capacity to continue to support our customers and their borrowing needs and return capital to our shareholders. We continue to manage our capital consistent with our capital priorities of: first, supporting organic growth in our business. In this quarter, we certainly saw a strong loan growth across our franchise. Second, paying dividends; and third, repurchasing shares. As Chris said, our Board of Directors just approved a quarterly common dividend of $0.195 per share for the third quarter. As is our normal practice, the Board will evaluate a dividend increase in the fourth quarter. On Slide 13 is our full year 2022 outlook. The guidance is relative to our full year 2021 results. To make comparison easier, we provided both our prior guidance and our updated outlook, which is shown on the right-hand side of the slide. Using the midpoints of our guidance ranges, would support Chris’ comments about delivering another year of positive operating leverage in 2022. Average loans will be up between 9% and 11%. This is on a reported basis. Excluding PPP and the impact of the sale of our indirect auto business last year, average loans will be up closer to 20%. We expect average deposits to be up 1% to 3%. Net interest income is expected to be up between 10% and 12%, reflecting growth in average loan balances and higher interest rates, partially offset by lower fees from PPP forgiveness. Our guidance is based on the forward curve, assuming a Fed funds rate of 3.5% by the end of 2022. Non-interest income will be down between 10% and 12%. This reflects the slowdown in the capital markets and lower investment banking revenue as well as lower prepaid card fees related to the government support program and the step down in market-related adjustments relative to year ago period. We expect non-interest expense to be down between 2% and 4%, reflecting lower production-related incentives and our continued focus on strong expense management. Included in our outlook are our ongoing investments in our business. For the year, we expect credit quality to remain strong and net charge-offs to be in the range of 15 to 25 basis points. Our guidance for our GAAP tax rate is approximately 19%. Following on the bottom of – finally, on the – shown on the bottom of the slide are our long-term targets, which remain unchanged. We expect to continue to make progress on these targets by maintaining our moderate risk profile and improving our productivity and efficiency, which will drive returns. Overall, it was a solid quarter, and we remain confident in our ability to grow and deliver on our commitments. With that, I’ll now turn the call back to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hi, good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Ebrahim.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess maybe first question, Don, I just wanted to go back to your comments around interest rate risk management and the securities book, looking at the slide in the Appendix 17. Just talk to us when you talk about the $700 million upside from repricing; one, what part of the core is that sensitive to; and second, if interest rates run well over in the next 3 to 6 months, is there a way to capture that NII upside?
Don Kimble: That’s a great question. As far as the impact, I’m talking about $9.5 billion of our investment portfolio, which is in our short-term treasuries. And that’s just repricing those securities at basically a 2-year yield on the assets. So it’s picking up over 200 basis points on that $9.5 billion. The other piece would be to reprice our swap book, which is a little over $27 billion, and that has an average life of 2.5 years. And just repricing that, combined with the short-term treasuries, would yield over $700 million in run-rate benefit. As far as capturing that earlier, we will always take a look to see how we can, and we’ve done some things such as forward starting swaps and other things to position the portfolio to start to benefit from that in earlier quarters. But we feel good about how we’re positioned and with the opportunity to realize that over the next couple of years.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. and I guess just a separate question on the outlook for loan growth. Obviously, seems like you’re not seeing any real signs of slowdown. Just talk to us in terms of how you’re balancing customer demand, capital market stuff on the balance sheet versus the risk of a downturn and maybe we enter the recession over the next 6 to 12 months, and how you’re thinking about credit quality and just tightening the underwriting book?
Don Kimble: Sure, Ebrahim. Obviously, the time to prepare for any kind of a downturn is long before the downturn. And so if you go back, over the last 10 years, we have been de-risking Key. And if you look in areas like, for example, housing and gateway cities, we’ve been dialing that back for some period of time. The actions that we’ve taken more recently, of course, is we exited indirect auto last year. We had a $3.3 billion book that we exited. And then we are constantly looking at our portfolio, any place that there is leverage we focus intently on. And we focus on certain places where we think there is been a run-up in asset values. So for example, we’ve been dialing back loan-to-value percentages in places like the West. That kind of gives you an idea. The notion of what goes on our balance sheet and what we distribute we do what’s best for our clients. And when you get into markets such as we have right now where there is dislocation, that’s obviously an opportunity, and we went from about 18% typically on our balance sheet up to 22%. And obviously, 4% of $36 billion is a lot.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin, Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Yes. Hey, guys. Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on the capital market side. So obviously, a tough market environment to execute, obviously, you’re talking still about strong pipeline. So can you just talk about just how do you get a sense of what the revenue outlook looks like from here? And you obviously did some adjustments on the cost side as a result as well. How much flexibility do you see on that side as well? Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Ken. Good morning. Well, one of the things we really like about the business is it is a variable cost business, and you saw that reflected in our expense numbers. In terms of the trajectory of the business, the pipelines with the exception of equity, as you can well imagine, remains stronger this year than they did at this time last year. Having said that, the real challenge is going to be what is the actual yield. And as you think about, for example, the M&A market, there is a disequilibrium right now between publicly-traded companies and where these private companies are being priced, and there is a bit of price discovery. I think it’s going to take a while for that to shake out. But in my experience, it does shake out. And so I think the back half, given – if we can get some cooperation from the markets, I think the back half will generate some momentum. The other thing I will share with you about this business and you’ve been following us for a long time, this is a business that we believe in and we will continue to invest in. And it’s been challenging, frankly, to be out in the hiring market in this ride up in the last couple of years. And so you’ll see us invest in this business and hiring more people in sort of a flat or down market than we have in the past. Thanks for your question.
Ken Usdin: Got it. And one follow-up, if I may the starting point here you had – interest-bearing deposit cost was really excellent. Can you just talk about how you’re expecting that to traject as obviously, we get into the media part of the magnitude of rate raises? Thanks.
Don Kimble: Sure, Ken, that you’re right that the starting point here that we haven’t seen a lot of pressure on deposit rates. And so we’ve got a very low beta for the quarter as a 2-basis-point increase in and average interest-bearing deposit costs compared to about a 60-basis-point increase in the LIBOR would suggest about a 3.5% to 4% deposit beta. We think the incremental betas will increase from here going forward. And by the end of the year, as we talked about in the last call, we do expect that incremental beta in the – towards the end of the year to be closer to that 30% range that – so that’s really our expectations. We will start to see more customer changes and more competition for deposit rates going forward.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Thank you, Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Steven Alexopoulos, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hi, good morning, everyone. So looking at the updated guidance and specifically I’m looking at the 9% to 11% loan growth and 1% to 3% decline in deposits, which is a pretty wide mismatch, how do you plan to fund loan growth beyond 2022? And at what loan-to-deposit ratio do you need to start fully funding loan growth one for one with deposits?
Don Kimble: Steve, this is Don. And as far as the loan growth, you’re right, the updated guidance is 9% to 11%. Deposits are expected to be up 1% to 3% year-over-year. That implies relatively stable deposits through the rest of the year. We do have some investment security maturities. We also will tap the wholesale market as far as funding that one of the benefits of originating residential real estate loans adds to our capacity as far as borrowing at the home loan and we can do that in a cost-effective way. Loan-to-deposit ratios were currently below 80% on our balance sheet. Typically, we would target between 90% and 95% loan-to-deposit ratio. So we’ve got plenty of room to work through that. I would say that we will continue to monitor this. But as Chris has highlighted a couple of times, we want to support our customers. And in these markets, we are going to see more customer demand for loans than we are probably going to see for capital markets opportunities. And so we will continue to see that. We could see that reverse at some point in time. And help alleviate some of the pressure on loan growth overall.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. That’s helpful. Don, how do we think about this? So at some point, you’ll reach a loan-to-deposit ratio where you need to be more competitive on deposits. And I heard your response to Ken’s question you think you’ll be at 30% or so loan deposit bay by end of this year. But if we keep moving it forward, what do you think is the through-the-cycle deposit beta? And Chris, just given your commentary that you feel good that NIM higher rates are going to benefit you long term, do you think your loan beta can stay consistently above the incremental deposit beta as we move forward beyond 2022?
Chris Gorman: I think it can. And the reason I said I think, as we go into an inevitable downturn and clearly, the economy is slowing. I think you are going to see sort of a re-pricing of risk, and I think we will be in a good position with the relationships that we have to garner that. And so I think the answer to your question is, I think it will.
Don Kimble: And then on the deposit side as well, historically, we would have had a deposit beta of around 40% to 45%. And I would say that our deposit mix is much different today than what it was during the last rate increase cycle. Then on the consumer side, we are very focused on core primacy accounts or operating accounts for the consumer as opposed to historically we might have been more focused on promotional money market type of products and programs. And so we should see less interest rate sensitivity there. On the commercial side, we are seeing now 85% of our deposits are in core operating accounts, and that’s probably up 5 points to 10 points from what it was just 3 years ago. So, that mix should be helpful for us to continue to manage that beta down longer term compared to what the historic levels were for us. And so we will probably drift above that 30% level, but I think we will be well below that 40% to 45% level that we were historically.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And Don if I could squeeze one more in. So, the 85% of commercial deposits that are operating accounts, is the implication from that, that we shouldn’t expect much of a mix shift out of non-interest bearing? Is that the read-through from that?
Don Kimble: Well, we will see some shift there just because of the impact of the higher rates and earnings crediting rate that we provide to help manage fees. And so as rates go up, you might see less of a need to keep some of the funds there and they might look to put some of those in other interest-bearing categories, but it still does imply that we will see less shift than what we would have historically just because of the higher level of operating account balances.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Okay. Thanks for all the color.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian, UBS. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: My first question is on credit quality, which is clearly pristine currently. Chris, you said to Ebrahim that the time to prepare for a downturn is well before the downturn hits. And maybe help us understand how we should think about how Key’s ACL would look like in a recession. So, you ended the quarter at 113 and clearly, your book has changed, but you also have more consumer loans, which even if the credit is good, my understanding is from a CECL standpoint, they have longer lives, right. So, I guess the question here is, if we do have a mild recession next year or sooner than that, where would this ACL ratio trend?
Chris Gorman: So, obviously – first of all, good morning Erika. Obviously, we are really comfortable with where our reserves are today. A few things to keep in mind, both on our commercial and our consumer side. And I will start with the consumer. That book of business at funding is about – FICO scores of about 780. So, it’s a little bit of a unique customer base as it relates to our consumers. So, that’s one thing to keep in mind. The other thing on the commercial side is, as I have mentioned earlier, we have been consistently de-risking all of Key. And we also have been consistently laying off about 72% of the risk that kind of flows through Key. And there were a lot of deals that we are able to place that don’t meet our moderate risk profile. So, I am very comfortable with where our reserves are now. As you can imagine, we are modeling continually just a whole lot of different scenarios. But at the moment, we are very comfortable with where our reserve is. You will recall, last quarter, we actually increased our qualitative reserve just on the premise that, under CECL, our macro view had changed and clearly there were some more challenges out there.
Don Kimble: Erika, this is Don. I can probably add a little bit more color to that as well. And that if you look at our allowance, it is very quantitative in the approach. I would say that under CECL, what you do is take a look at the foreseeable period as far as forecasted losses. And so for us, that’s a 2-year type of period. And so even in a recession, you would see those 2 years of losses go up from where they are at today. And then we will start to migrate back to the norm. And so you might think that with the longer life loans as far as the residential real estate or even our student loans to Laurel Road, that you would see that for the entire life. And you really would. You would see it spike in that first 2-year period. And so it might imply somewhere between a 40-basis-point or 50-basis-point kind of increase to the allowance, but it wouldn’t be a doubling, it would be our best guess at this point in time.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And Chris, maybe a follow-up question for you. As you take a step back, you and your colleagues have built Key into this powerhouse, super regional commercial and corporate bank. And I think a lot of investors are thinking that a lot of the issues in credit and corporate from higher rates and lower EBITDA, perhaps, may come outside of the banking system. And given your comments about de-risking, is there any room at KeyCorp for perhaps some market share gains if you do see some blowups in the private credit markets, or are those deals just deals that you wouldn’t be comfortable with any way?
Chris Gorman: Well, I think there is no question that depending on how people are funded, I think banks, in general, will be able to gain share. And the nice thing about a downturn, Erika, is you can have things structured the way you want to structure them to put them on your balance sheet. I think there is no question that, in this location, it will be an opportunity for us to gain market share given our relationships, and given that we can have things structured the way we would like them to structure because the market is obviously adjusting as we speak.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thanks Erika.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Matt O’Connor, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O’Connor: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Matt O’Connor: Your capital is kind of right in the middle of your range at 9.2% versus 9% to 9.5%. Can you just update us on thoughts on both your buybacks? And then also where you want to be within that capital range at this point of cycle and maybe longer term?
Chris Gorman: Sure, Matt. So, we are obviously very comfortable at 9.2%. Frankly, I would be comfortable at even a range that’s a little broader than that. 9% to 9.5% was just an internal range that we had put in place. As it relates to capital actions, first and foremost, as Don mentioned in his remarks, we preserve our capital to help our clients grow. So, that’s the first thing. The second thing is obviously our dividend, which is very important. And then our third tertiary priority is the repurchase of shares. And so I feel very good about where we are from a capital perspective.
Matt O’Connor: Alright. And then somewhat related, as you mentioned earlier about investing even more so within the investment banking capital markets broadly speaking. Is that all kind of organic, or are there maybe some niche acquisition opportunities within those businesses?
Chris Gorman: Well, as you know, in the past, we have bought businesses, and I am really proud of our ability to integrate these entrepreneurial businesses. But what I was really focused on in my comments is sort of organic individual hires that we think would be a good cultural fit to plug into our platform.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, Matt.
Operator: And we have last question here from the line of Mike Mayo, Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi. So, it is not a new statement from you, but if you can’t catch the ball with your left hand with investment banking than you catch it with your right hand with traditional lending or the re-intermediation to bank balance sheets and capital markets. So, I know you have described this in the past, Chris, and this is your old area, as we all know. But can you be more specific like what are we talking about? We say capital market transactions don’t get completed, so therefore, they go to Key’s balance sheet. Just a little bit more detail would be great.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So, let me give you an example. Say someone is trying to privately raise debt and there is all these debt funds and there is all these unitranche offerings, and all of a sudden, those markets frees up. But whoever is the sponsor behind the deal has significant capital. We can then go back to the parties involved that we have a relationship with and we would say, we won’t structure it the way – we are trying to structure it to place it out in the market, but we would be pleased to put a very conservative amount of debt on our balance sheet, and you, sponsor, will need to come up with more equity. That would be an example. Another example would be, a company that we were going to take public that we could continue to fund in a variety of ways until they go public. A third example would be, a large – let’s say it’s a large, affordable project that wanted ultimately to place the paper with one of the agencies. But because of dislocation, you couldn’t do that. That’s a deal that we could bridge over a period of time with a known takeout. That would be a few examples.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And your investment banking fees were down less than the biggest players, down one-third versus the one-half. I guess that’s partly just due to your mix, upper middle market. But the decline was not as much first quarter to second quarter. You said you expect things to improve. Now I mean maybe your guess is as good as anyone else’s, or perhaps you have some extra insight or maybe you hear what your clients are saying, but – and with that backdrop, how are you allocating resources? You said you are going to be investing more than you have in the past. Does that reflect your optimism?
Chris Gorman: There is no question I am optimistic about the business long-term. Mike, as you know, how these markets play out over the next six months is, in fact, anybody’s guess. But we are playing the long game. We are investing in the business. The pipelines are there. I don’t see anything happening in the equity market, for example, in the next three months or six months. I do think this price discovery that I discussed earlier in the M&A market, I do think that buyers and sellers will start to come together on that.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Thank you, Mike.
Operator: And at this time, there are no other questions in queue.
Chris Gorman: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team 216-689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-21 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Chris Gorman. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Gorman: Well, thank you, operator, and thank you for joining us for KeyCorp's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. On Slide 2, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call.  
 I am now turning to Slide 3. This morning, we reported earnings of $420 million or $0.45 per share. Our results reflect strong underlying operating performance, expected seasonality and the impact of current market conditions. Our results also included $0.04 per share of additional loan loss provision in excess of net charge-offs. One of the standouts this quarter was our strong loan growth. Average loans were up 4% from the last quarter, driven by both our consumer and commercial businesses.  
 Adjusting for the planned runoff of PPP and the sale of our indirect auto business, we grew loans by 15% year-over-year. Our strong loan growth benefited net interest income, which came in above our expectations. We also revised our net interest income outlook higher, reflecting both stronger loan growth and the ongoing benefit from higher interest rates. In our consumer business, we continue to focus on adding and deepening client relationships and our 2 growth engines, consumer mortgage and Laurel Road. We originated $2.6 billion in consumer mortgages in the first quarter, and Laurel Road had a record quarter with originations of $820 million.  
 It's worth noting that our Laurel Road results were accomplished with the federal student loan payment holiday remaining in place. The outlook for this business remains strong with a new offering for nurses, the largest segment of the health care industry planned for May 6, National Nurses Day. We also experienced strong core loan growth in our commercial businesses as we grew our targeted industry verticals. Additionally, we benefited from a 2% increase in C&I line utilization.  
 In the first quarter, we raised over $24 billion in capital for our clients retaining 23% on our balance sheet. This is a 500 basis point increase from the amount retained in 2021. As we discussed at our recent Investor Day, this is exactly the way our business model is designed to work, offering our clients the best solution and execution, both on and off balance sheet through various market conditions. This quarter, we were able to offer attractive balance sheet alternatives for our clients.  
 Our pipelines and outlook for loan growth across our franchise remains strong, which will continue to provide us with an opportunity to deploy our liquidity into higher-yielding assets. Market conditions impacted several parts of our business this quarter. Fee income reflected a slowdown in capital markets activity late in the quarter, which adversely impacted our investment banking results. We also experienced various mark-to-market adjustments that Don will cover in his remarks.  
 Importantly, our long-term outlook for our investment banking business remains positive. Our pipelines remain strong. We will also continue to add senior bankers to support our growth. Expense levels this quarter reflected normal seasonality as well as lower production-related incentives, consistent with our variable cost structure in many of our businesses.  
 Also benefiting expenses this quarter was lower prepaid volume related to state benefit programs. We also remain committed to delivering sound, profitable growth by maintaining our risk discipline. Credit quality remains strong this quarter with net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans of 13 basis points. Nonperforming loans and criticized loans also declined this quarter. We continue to support our clients while maintaining our moderate risk profile, which has and will continue to position the company to perform well through all business cycles.  
 Our capital remains a strength, providing us with sufficient capacity to support our clients and return capital to our shareholders. Looking ahead, we are encouraged by our first quarter business trends and outlook, which has led us to make a number of positive revisions to our full year 2022 guidance. These include stronger loan growth based on the pipelines we see across our company; higher net interest income, driven by loan growth, liquidity deployment, and our interest rate positioning; and lastly, lower net charge-offs, reflecting our strong risk profile.  
 Importantly, we remain confident in our ability to generate positive operating leverage again in 2022 and make continued progress against each of our long-term goals. Don will cover the specifics of our full year guidance in his comments. Overall, despite market headwinds, Key delivered another solid quarter. I remain confident in our future and our ability to create value for all of our stakeholders.  
 Now before I turn it over to Don, I want to take a minute to share some exciting news as it pertains to ESG priorities and commitments. Tomorrow, April 22 is Earth Day. Fittingly, earlier this week, we published our 2021 ESG Report. It is designed to complement our annual shareholders' report, which was released last month. Our ESG report provides all stakeholders with an update on our priorities and progress as both a responsible bank and citizen. In 2021, we refreshed our ESG strategy with input from our stakeholders, identifying 4 major priorities: climate stewardship; financial inclusion; diversity, equity and inclusion; and data privacy and security.  
 Specific to climate stewardship, we are committed to leveraging our expertise, our relationships, our market influence and our resources to help address the pressing challenge of climate change. We are proud to announce a number of expanded climate commitments included in our ESG report. These include commitments around sustainable financing, an area where we are a market leader. We look forward to continuing an open and transparent dialogue with all of our stakeholders as we work to address the needs of our communities.  
 With that, I'll turn it over to Don to provide more details on the results of the quarter and our outlook for the balance of 2022. Don? 
Donald Kimble: Thanks, Chris. I'm now on Slide 5. For the first quarter, net income from continuing operations was $0.45 per common share, down $0.16 from last year. Our results in the current quarter reflect the benefit of strong core operating performance, combined with the challenge of the current market conditions.  
 Our strong loan growth, up 4.4% from last quarter resulted in better-than-expected net interest income and positions us well for the future growth. The challenging market conditions at the end of the quarter were reflected in a few areas, including investment banking fees and market-related adjustments and other income. Finally, the increase in our allowance this quarter reflected a qualitative adjustment to reflect the economic uncertainty given the current events with Russia and Ukraine.  
 Absent the qualitative adjustment, our provision would have approximated our net charge-off level. I'll cover the other items on this slide later in my presentation. Turning to Slide 6. Average loans for the quarter were $103.8 billion, up 3% from a year ago period and up 4% from the prior quarter. Strong loan growth continued through the first quarter. Commercial loans increased 4% from last quarter. Line utilization rates improved this quarter, increasing 200 basis points.  
 PPP loan balances were $1.2 billion on average this quarter compared to $7 billion last year and $2.3 billion last quarter. Our consumer business continued its strong performance as we saw residential real estate originations of $2.6 billion, resulting in an increase in balances of 8.6% from last quarter. We achieved record Laurel Road originations of $820 million this quarter despite the ongoing federal student loan payment holiday.  
 Year-over-year comparisons were impacted by the sale of our indirect loan portfolio late in 2021. If we adjust for the sale of the indirect auto portfolio last year as well as the impact of PPP, our core loans were up year-over-year by approximately $14 billion or 15%. Our outlook for 2022 now reflects an increase for loan growth for the year of mid-single digits on a reported basis or mid-teens growth on a basis adjusted for both PPP and the sale of the indirect auto portfolio.  
 Continuing on to Slide 7. Average deposits totaled $150 billion for the first quarter of 2022, up $12 billion or 9% compared to the year ago period and down $1 billion or 1% from the prior quarter. The current quarter change was consistent with previous seasonal trends. Compared to the previous year, we have experienced nice growth in both commercial and consumer deposits.  
 Our cost of interest-bearing deposits remained unchanged at 6 basis points. We continue to have a strong, stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for approximately 60% of our total deposit mix.  
 Turning to Slide 8. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.02 billion for the first quarter compared to $1.012 billion a year ago and $1.038 billion for the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.46% for the first quarter compared to 2.61% for the same period last year and 2.44% for the prior quarter. Year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, both net interest income and net interest margin reflect the PPP forgiveness.  
 The current quarter reflected $21 million of net interest income from PPP, down $30 million from the prior quarter and $38 million from the prior year. This negatively impacted net interest margin by 6 basis points compared to the last quarter. PPP is impacting Key disproportionately compared to peers given the success we achieved in delivering this product to our customers.  
 Offsetting this impact was the benefit from deploying some of the excess liquidity through strong loan growth. We have increased our 2022 outlook to reflect the strength of our loan growth as well as the impact of higher interest rates. Our current rate outlook follows the forward curve and a beta assumption beginning in the high-single digits in the second quarter and trending towards the 30% level later in 2022.  
 This outlook results in a high single-digit increase in net interest income from 2021 or between 6% and 9%. Adjusting this for the impact of PPP, our growth would have been 11% to 14%. Also included in the appendix is additional detail on our investment portfolio and asset liability positioning.  
 Moving on to Slide 9. As mentioned before, our noninterest income was negatively impacted by changing market conditions late in the quarter, which impacted several line items. Noninterest income was $676 million for the first quarter of 2022 compared to $738 million for the year ago period and $909 million for the fourth quarter. Compared to the year ago period, the decrease was primarily driven by market-related adjustments included in other income, representing about $50 million of the year-over-year variance.  
 This included both changes in write-downs of certain holdings and reversals of derivative reserves last year. The reductions in cards and payment fees are related to the lower level of prepaid card activity from the state supported programs, which is offset by a corresponding reduction to the related expense.  
 Additionally, during the quarter, our consumer mortgage fees were lower, reflecting higher balance sheet retention and lower gain-on-sale margins. These declines were partially offset by stronger corporate services income resulting from customer derivative activities. Compared to the fourth quarter, noninterest income decreased $233 million, primarily driven by lower investment banking and debt placement fees coming off the record level in the fourth quarter of last year.
 Market-related adjustments negatively impacted the quarter-over-quarter variance by $55 million as last quarter included market-related gains and this quarter experienced losses. 
 I'm now on Slide 10. Total noninterest expense for the quarter was $1.07 billion compared to $1.07 billion last year and $1.17 billion in the prior quarter. Compared to the year ago quarter, our expenses reflect lower production-related incentive compensation offset by higher salaries, including the impact of our direct investments into the businesses.  On the nonpersonnel side, our other expense category reflects lower prepaid card-related expenses offset by higher travel and entertainment expense and FDIC assessments. 
 Now moving to Slide 11. Overall, credit quality continues to perform well. For the first quarter, net charge-offs remained low and were $33 million or 13 basis points of average loans. Nonperforming loans, delinquency and criticized classified levels, all remained relatively stable.  Based on this performance, the quantitative level of our allowance remained flat with last quarter. However, we did add a qualitative adjustment to our allowance to reflect the economic uncertainty given the current events with Russia and Ukraine as well as potential impact of higher rates. The qualitative adjustment is driven by the impact from changes in the overall economy and their potential impact on our customers. As a result, our provision expense exceeded our net charge-offs by about $50 million. We have no direct exposure to Russia or Ukraine. 
 Now on to Slide 12. We ended the first quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.4%, within our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. This provides us with sufficient capacity to continue to support our customers and their borrowing needs and return capital to our shareholders. Importantly, we continue to return capital to our shareholders in accordance with our capital priorities. 
 On Slide 13 is our full year 2022 outlook. The guidance is relative to our full year 2021 results and ranges are shown at the bottom of the slide. Importantly, using the midpoints of our guidance range I would support Chris' comments about delivering another year of positive operating leverage in 2022. Average loans will be up mid-single digits on a reported basis, excluding PPP and the impact of the sale of our indirect auto loan business, average loans would be up mid-teens.  
 We expect average deposits to be up low-single digits. Net interest income is expected to be up high-single digits, reflecting growth in average loan balances and higher interest rates, offset by lower fees from PPP forgiveness. Our guidance is based on the forward curve with 8 additional expected rate increases. This would assume a Fed funds rate of 2.25% by the end of 2022.  
 On a reported basis, noninterest income will be down mid-single digits, reflecting the lower prepaid card revenue related to our support of government programs and our first quarter actual results. We expect noninterest expense to be down low-single digits; once again, adjusting for the expected reduction in expenses related to prepaid cards, expenses will be relatively stable.  
 For the year, we expect net charge-offs to be in the range of 15 to 25 basis points. Given our strong credit trends, we would expect loss rates to remain below the targeted range early in the year and move to modestly higher levels later in the year. And our guidance for the GAAP tax rate is approximately 19%. Finally shown at the bottom of the slide are our long-term targets which remain unchanged. We expect to continue to make progress on these targets by maintaining our moderate risk profile and improving our productivity and efficiency, which will drive returns.  
 Overall, it was a solid quarter, and we remain confident in our ability to grow and deliver on our commitments to all of our stakeholders. With that, I will now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. 
Peter Winter: I wanted to ask about the loan outlook. It was a nice surprise to see that increase in loans. So 2-part question. Can you just talk about the growth dynamics between commercial and consumer? And because on the consumer, I would have thought some pressure just mortgage -- on resi mortgage with the higher rates in Laurel Road, just given the extension of the student debt moratorium? 
Christopher Gorman: Sure, Peter. So we were fortunate to have growth really on both sides, both the consumer and the commercial side. On the consumer side, one of the things to keep in mind on our residential mortgage business is that it is a relationship-based business. Also, it's a business that's not very mature and that we just started it really in 2016. So it has a really good trajectory.  
 As Don mentioned, we had a very productive quarter. And frankly, the application backlog is greater going into the next quarter. So we feel good about that. The other thing that we've done is we've built it to really focus a lot on purchase. More than half of the business is directed at purchase, which is obviously more durable. Now having said that, we certainly expect like all mortgage businesses to be down in absolute terms, but we will gain share on the mortgage side.  
 As it relates to Laurel Road, obviously, we've got a really great niche there, and we're going to continue to play that where there's -- there's 1.1 million doctors and dentists in the United States, and we're going to expand it in early May to the 4 million nurses. And so I think that's a business you'll see us to be able to continue to grow.  
 Now on the commercial side, we obviously benefited from utilization that was up 200 basis points. So that obviously is a benefit. We also are in certain areas that are just very capital intensive. If you think about affordable housing and renewables, both of which we are in the #2 position in North America, those are businesses that are repeat customers, and we're able to provide a lot of capital to.  
 The other thing I would share with you, and I mentioned this in my remarks, if you think about going from 18% on balance sheet to 23% on balance sheet, due to some market dislocation, that in and of itself on $24 billion of capital raised is another $1.2 billion or so. So that's kind of on both sides, what's driving it.  
 One other thing I should mention, we also obviously entered the year with 8% more bankers than we had last year, which is also helpful. 
Peter Winter: Got it. Very helpful. And then just another question, just I understand under you lowered the outlook on fee income. It seems to imply that most of the pain is felt in the first quarter, and you're looking for based on the guidance, just a pretty strong rebound in the second quarter and for the rest of the year. Could you just provide a little bit more color and maybe some guidance to what you're looking for in the second quarter? 
Christopher Gorman: Sure. Well, we never provide specific guidance on the second quarter, but just as it relates to our investment banking fees, our pipelines are actually up. Now the realization of those pipelines, obviously, is somewhat market dependent. But your assumption is correct. Weaker first quarter than we would have expected and the rest of the year generally in line. Don? 
Donald Kimble: The other thing that I'd like to highlight there, too, Peter, is that within that other income category, we did have losses of about $25 million this quarter compared to gains in previous 2 quarters whether it was year-over-year or quarter-to-quarter, and we wouldn't expect those to continue. And then we're also expecting to see continued growth in a few of our categories we've talked about before with the wealth management, asset management, investment services and cards and payments-related revenues as well, and we think will be nice additions to that growth for the second quarter through the fourth quarter of this year. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess, Don, maybe I wanted to focus just on the size of the balance sheet. We did see -- you mentioned seasonality in deposits, but give us a sense of your outlook on deposits. I think you and Chris have talked about some level of consumer deposits that you think could leave the bank. So what's the outlook for consumer deposits? And then how do we think about the size of the balance sheet? I also saw some repayment on the debt side also, I would appreciate any color there. 
Donald Kimble: Sure. As far as the deposits, we have about $150 billion of deposits for the first quarter. With our guidance being up low single digits for deposits compared to the previous year, that would imply deposits remain around that same general range. What we're seeing is nice household growth in our retail business, and we expect that to continue. We're also seeing growth in our core operating accounts on the commercial side, where up to 83% of our commercial deposits are our core operating account balances, and so that's very important for us. And so we expect that to continue to grow. Where we saw seasonality this quarter is that some of our state and government-related deposits and also some of our escrow deposits are at seasonal highs in the fourth quarter, and we do see those come down a little bit in the first quarter.  
 And then we would see pressure for some of the excess balances outside those core operating accounts going forward, which would be offset by the other growth that we would expect to see by growing the households and new commercial customers. As far as the rest of the balance sheet, our long-term debt did decline a little bit. I would say that we'll be probably seeing a few issuances here over the next few quarters and probably especially in that Tier 2 category as we're focused on continuing to support that capital with the balance sheet growth that we are seeing.  
 So we think we're in good shape as far as the deposits, pleased with the trajectory we have, and I'm more pleased with the customer growth we're seeing there as well. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: So fair to assume you expect earning assets to grow from here from what we saw in 1Q. 
Donald Kimble: We would expect some growth in earning assets. That's correct with the loan growth assumptions and seeing some modest growth on the liability side, correct. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And just one quick question on the investment banking debt fees. I appreciate that the loan growth picked up as a function of the tougher cap markets backdrop. Talk to us, if you can, just about the expense leverage in that business if it were to remain weaker for a prolonged period of time. Is there any specific expense offset to that, that we should think about? 
Donald Kimble: Yes, we've talked before about -- for the investment banking fees, for the capital markets revenues overall. There's about a 30% correlation with just the incentive compensation alone. And so you saw that clearly in our numbers for this quarter. Our incentive comp numbers were down linked quarter and year-over-year given the production overall. And so there is that variable component to the business. And as Chris mentioned, we have been adding senior bankers. And we still expect that we're going to see growth opportunities going forward. And so we'll still expect to grow that. But if we see a different economic outlook, we can toggle back on some of those investments if we just don't see the opportunity and return for those investments near term. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. 
Steven Alexopoulos: Not to beat a dead horse on the IB, debt placement fees, but this is where I wanted to start. So if we look at this quarter, your launch point is basically the same as where it was last year. I think a lot of us were surprised even at the Investor Day that the message was you thought you could grow that over where we were in 2021. Maybe can you dial us in, Don, like, what are you expecting for full year '22 for that line item? 
Donald Kimble: Well, Steve, what we are seeing is strength in the pipelines. The pipelines are up year-over-year. We're seeing activities still going forward. As far as the first quarter, on March 1, we were thinking in IB&D fees would have been about $40 million higher than where they actually came in at. And so we saw a number of transactions basically pushed and so we're seeing some of those close here in the second quarter. But our outlook would essentially be that based on the pipeline, we're going to see it recover to where we would have expected going into the year for the second through fourth quarter. 
 But I don't want to make a commitment that's going to be up year-over-year. Some of that is based on the market volatility that we're seeing and seeing what's going to happen from this point forward. But we are expecting to see a significant pickup from the first quarter levels for the rest of the year. 
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. I mean do you think you could hold it flat Don where you were last year? Is that a stretch goal at this point? 
Donald Kimble: Steve, I think what we've got here really is showing strong growth in our revenue outlook. The fee income category we're showing moved down as far as our outlook for this year, which implies basically the January 1 guidance adjusted for the actual results in the first quarter. So that's not assuming that we make the recovery of that shortfall in the first quarter, but we think we will show strong growth from here and excited about the pipelines and the prospects from this point forward. 
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. That's helpful. And then I wanted to follow up on Ebrahim's question on deposits. I was actually surprised you kept the deposit guidance. I mean what we're hearing from other banks is that businesses are finally starting to use deposits to invest in their business, and we know the Fed is now about to embark on QT. And this is probably even more important than NIM when we think about NII for 2022. Could you drill down further why you're not expecting deposit balances to fall as this liquidity comes out of the system overall? 
Christopher Gorman: Steve, we spent a lot of time when we were really -- we had so much liquidity. We spent a lot of time really focusing on what commercial deposits we wanted. And as Don mentioned in his comments, 83% of our commercial deposits are operating accounts. And so that's probably a pretty good place from which to start.  So having said that, there's no question that commercial deposits will have a higher beta than consumer deposits, and we will see how it plays out. But we feel pretty good about our assumptions with respect to betas and also the kind of composition of our commercial deposits. 
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. But Chris, when you think -- I hear you on the 83% being operating accounts. But when you look -- you drill down to the account level, don't you find operating accounts are inflated where they were from even a year or 2 years ago? Like I think there's some risk that operating account balances contract as well as the Fed moves forward QT. 
Christopher Gorman: I do think there's a risk, particularly if interest rates start moving up at 50 basis points at a crack. Actually, on our balance sheet, the more elevated deposits are really on the consumer side at this point. 
Steven Alexopoulos: And if I could squeeze one more in. Don, the NII guidance, is that the current forward curve, is that what you're assuming? 
Donald Kimble: That's correct. It's up 8 additional rate moves and -- or a 25 basis point increase. There might be some 50s in there that we would expect, and it gets to a Fed funds rate of 2.25% by the end of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. 
John Pancari: Just a question on the expense side. So it sounds like you did -- you do expect potentially somewhat lower capital markets revenue for the full year despite the recovery and you lowered your overall non II guidance, partly also reflected in the first quarter. But you kept your expense range for the year. Does that reflect some of the better loan production? Or is it just a function of the range? 
Donald Kimble: Yes. There is some of the range there. I would say that keep in mind, too, the impact for the first quarter wasn't all IB&D fees. Some of it was the market valuation adjustments. And there really isn't any IC attached to that. We don't pay on those revenues to any of our business units. And so there isn't that correlation. So only a portion of that was the timing within the IB&D fees. And so if you look at our outlook for expenses going forward, there is an increase assumed there for the second through fourth quarter compared to the first quarter levels, and that's reflective of the increased revenue that we're expecting throughout the capital markets areas. 
Christopher Gorman: And John, the only thing I would add to that is we will continue to invest in our business. And so that, too, we're obviously always taking expenses out, but at the same point, we're making investments. 
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. And then on the loan growth side, the increased loan growth guidance up to the mid-teens level now. Could you just possibly unpack that a bit in terms of how do you think that growth could break down by C&I, CRE, which also saw some pretty good growth and consumer? 
Donald Kimble: Yes. The CRE growth that you're seeing really is because of the affordable housing that we're seeing come through. And so we are seeing growth there. I would say that as far as the prospective growth, it's really reflective of what we've seen over the last 3 quarters. Each of the last 3 quarters, we've grown our average loans about 4% from the previous quarter and annualized about 16% clip. I would say that in the third and fourth quarter of last year, it was more focused on the consumer. 
 We did get benefit this quarter from commercial with the utilization rates picking up 200 basis points. And so that also grew at a 4% clip. Going forward, we think that split will remain fairly consistent, both commercial and consumer showing about 4% growth rates to end up being that mid-single-digit kind of -- or mid-double-digit kind of growth adjusted for PPP and indirect auto. 
John Pancari: Don, if I could just ask one more. Do you have what your new money loan yields are for your new loan production that you're putting on? I don't know if you have to break that out by bucket. I'm just curious because I know you made a point to mention that you're seeing a loan growth opportunity to actively put liquidity to work in higher-yielding areas? 
Donald Kimble: Yes. The liquidity to work in higher-yielding areas is in the loan growth. And what we're seeing on the commercial side is spreads are still a little tighter today than what they were a year ago. But we're seeing a decent pickup there compared to what we're yielding on cash or the short-term investments we have in the portfolio. 
 As far as Laurel Road, we target a price spread to the cost of funds for that type of asset duration of about 200 to 225 basis points. And so if that were a fixed rate loan and an average life of 4 years, you would have something in the 4% type of handle for the yield there. And with the residential mortgages, we're seeing a nice mix of ARMs and 15-year product. We do have some 30 year of jumbos, but those are declining, and those will be consistent with what you would see in the jumbo rate market going forward. So that's just a little bit of flavor as far as the spreads. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gerard Cassidy with RBC. 
Gerard Cassidy: Chris and Don, can you guys elaborate on the positive operating leverage outlook you're talking about, it's going to continue to be positive. But if the world changes from where we are today, what are some of the levers that you guys have on the shelf to be able to use to make sure that you do achieve your positive operating leverage goals? 
Christopher Gorman: Sure. So the first thing is we have several businesses that are really variable cost businesses. So Gerard, that's a huge advantage. That is why you see our expenses on a linked quarter basis, they're down $100 million linked quarter. The other levers that we have is we're always focused on continuous improvement. And every place we can, and this is not new, we've been talking about this for some time, we are replacing clumsy handoffs with software.  Front, middle and back office. And those continue to provide benefits. Other areas where we focus last year, for example, we had some kind of onetime things we contributed, for example, to our foundation in a large way. 
 So we had some onetime things last year. And then the other thing that I think is a huge opportunity for us on the expense side is just real estate. I mean the world has changed dramatically since pre-pandemic. And we, like a lot of people as leases come up, I think we've used the number of 25% of our non-branch, non-ops real estate. I think it's probably even higher than that. So those are a few things that we have going for us, levers that we can and will pull if required. 
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then Don, it looked like from the average balance sheet, you have about $45 billion or so in available-for-sale securities. Can you share with us your thinking on, are they all going to remain in that category? I know you don't have to take any AOCI marks through your CET1 ratio since you're not an advanced approach bank. But can you just share with us what you're thinking on whether some should be moved into held to maturity? And then what was the AOCI mark in the quarter, if you have that? 
Donald Kimble: Sure that one, on the $45 billion in AFS. Keep in mind that about $9.5 billion of that is in short-term treasuries. And so we bought those throughout last year and had a life of 2 to 3 years. And so we'll see that burn off over time. Another $2-plus billion is in the securities we had from the indirect auto securitization transaction. And so we'll see that again wind down over time. 
 And so the majority of the growth that you would have seen in that category compared to a year ago was from those 2 areas. And so it was fairly stable, absent those 2 changes. With that, we continue to evaluate whether or not we should have new purchases going into held-to-maturity versus AFS. We'll continue to reevaluate that. But economically, it's not much different for us as far as where it sits. There is an accounting implication to it. And we're seeing the impact of that through the AOCI that it's up over $2 billion linked quarter, and it's driven by both the marks on the investment portfolio as well as the swap book. 
 And compared to our peers, we have a higher percentage of assets in that category or those categories. And that really reflects the impact of our balance sheet overall. Our loans are about 70% floaters and 30% fixed compared to most peers who are at 50-50. And for whatever reason, the loans don't get mark-to-market and -- but the investment securities and swaps do. And so it comes through a little bit disproportionate for us as well. 
Gerard Cassidy: And Don, just on the duration, you said that the new investments are coming in around 2, maybe 3 years, if I heard you correctly. And what's the overall duration of the portfolio? 
Donald Kimble: I apologize, Gerard. The short-term treasuries had a yield of -- a maturity of 2 to 3 years. The overall duration of the portfolio now is close to 5 years. And it would typically be buying CMO structures that are in that range, and we do buy some 15-year pass-throughs there, but that would also be around that same type of duration. And if we look at the yield on those new purchases going forward, it's currently in that 3% to 3.5% range. It will be a nice pickup compared to the 2% yield that we're seeing on the runoff of the existing portfolio. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. 
L. Erika Penala: Chris, I just wanted to ask you this directly because the stock is indicating down premarket. A lot of analysts have asked you this in different ways already. But should core fee income like investment banking, should the pipeline not materialize as much as it's indicating. Is your commitment to positive operating leverage strong enough that you will adjust expenses in order to achieve that even if the core fee income outlook gets worse? 
Christopher Gorman: That's correct. We're committed to having positive operating leverage. And as I was just sharing with Gerard, we have a lot of levers that we can pull, including we could cease to make some of the investments we're making. We don't see that as the base case, but that's obviously an option that we have. 
L. Erika Penala: Got it. And my second question is for Don. Don, a few follow-ups on how we should think about the balance sheet as we think about a rising rate environment. Number one, to Ebrahim's question on earning asset growth, should we assume that earning asset growth should be about equivalent to that 2% deposit growth that you are forecasting for the year. Second, cash end of period looks like it's now under $4 billion. Have we reached the bottom in terms of absolute cash levels? And third, I'm wondering if you could give us an update on the value of each 25 basis points to the NIM. And I'm guessing that obviously, the value would be greater in the first 100 versus next 100 given deposit betas? 
Donald Kimble: It's a loaded question there. I'll try to take care of those, Erika, in order here. But as far as the average balance sheet growth year-over-year, I think that low-single digits or about 2% growth is appropriate. I would say that the incremental growth from here probably is lower than that, that would be implying that our deposit balances are relatively stable, and we will have some growth in some of our debt but not a lot. 
 As far as the cash position that what we've talked about before is that cash plus that short-term treasury position is really a view of our excess liquidity. And so that was about $20 billion at year-end, and it's about $12 billion on a combined basis here at the end of the first quarter. We do see that cash position coming down from that $3.8 billion. We typically run that in the $1 billion to $2 billion range. And so we would expect to see that come down, but not dramatically from where it is today. 
 And then as far as the impact for net interest income for a 25 basis point increase in rates across the board, it would be upper $50 million range as far as the NII impact. As far as the NIM impact, I'd have to go back and work through the math on that, but it would be based on that same upper $50 million range. We are forecasting that over the next early rate increases, deposit betas will be low. And as we mentioned in the speaker notes that second quarter, we would expect deposit betas to be in the upper single digit range and then transitioning into the 30% range in the second half of the year. 
 So we would expect to start to see that deposit beta pick up, as you would see rates go up that 100 basis point plus range compared to where we started the year. 
L. Erika Penala: I think -- sorry, to add a third question. But Don, your peers are thinking 25% for the next, I guess, 25% to 30%. I guess it's pretty much in line. Do you think that 30% is a conservative forecast or it's about appropriate relative to what you're seeing? I thought the 83% of your commercial deposits being operating was a very strong statistic. 
Donald Kimble: I would say that compared to where we were before, that 30% is a strong number and is reflective of what we are expecting for that commercial performance given that strong operating account  level and many of our commercial deposits are contractually set as far as how they reprice based on changes in rates. We do think there could be some upside. We think it's a reasonable forecast given the pace of rate increases and what we're starting to hear or speculate as far as the market change overall. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line  of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Michael Mayo: Not to miss the forest for the trees. But you can confirm these numbers. But going back to the base case, first quarter operating leverage, negative 3%; your 2022 guidance using midpoints, up 4% and that's -- so you're saying you're going to come from behind, kind of like the Cleveland Cavaliers in the 2016 NBA final, right? And if you don't, then you won't meet those expectations, and I'm not sure you have a LeBron. So in very simple terms, how do you go down by 3 percentage points to up 4% by the end of the year? 
Donald Kimble: A couple of things on that, Mike. First quarter, we would have expected to see some decline in our operating leverage compared to the year ago first quarter that we knew that we had some gains in the first quarter of last year in that other income category. And so we thought we would see some pressure there. So our initial outlook would have suggested a positive operating leverage without the changes that we just made. And to your point, Mike, we are forecasting a better PPNR and therefore, better operating leverage number for us with this outlook, including the rate changes in our balance sheet growth than what we had before. So we think that's a real positive. 
 And I think that to your point and what Chris had answered before, I think some of the strength in the model and why we have confidence in our ability to achieve that positive operating leverage, is many of our growth categories are highly variable. And so if the growth doesn't come through, we'll see the cost come down because it doesn't come through there. And so, we feel confident in our ability and I think we've got 17,000 LeBrons running around here trying to deliver our business and have success. So we're optimistic about where we're going forward. 
Michael Mayo: Okay. And I did the math right. So you're basically guiding for up 2% revenues and 2% down expenses. 
Donald Kimble: That's correct. In the middle of what the guidance range is. 
 That's correct. Yes. 
Michael Mayo: Okay. And then just separately, I mean, Netflix was in the news because subscriber growth went down or something. And I guess if you measured your own subscriber growth, I don't know, customer growth? Is it up? And how much is it up? And  how much do you measure that? Clearly, gaining wallet share with greater loan utilization. So I get that. But how much are you growing customers, say, in Laurel Road or elsewhere? 
Christopher Gorman: Sure, Mike. And as you know, on Investor Day, we made some commitments and we'll be reporting on those twice a year, so we'll report on it for the first time this fall. But I can tell you to use your analogy, we are growing subscribers in our retail business, which is really household relationships. We clearly are growing subscribers as it relates to Laurel Road. It was a record quarter, both in terms of funded volume and number of new households. And the other equivalent that obviously, we'll be talking about is just the number of bankers that we have out on the street that then translates into subscribers as they're out calling on people. 
Michael Mayo: And so how many new households at Laurel Road this past quarter or year-over-year however you measure -- if you disclose it? 
Christopher Gorman: We're not disclosing it until September. And then, Mike, what we'll do is we'll roll forward. I can tell you that it's up, and then we'll actually report on it twice a year, we'll report in September. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. 
Betsy Graseck: I was looking at the Slide 18 on the [ ALCO ] position. And I know earlier, you spoke about this with Gerard as it relates to the quarter. I just wanted to understand how the changes that you've made in the ALCO book are likely to impact not only NII over the next -- the rest of this year and into next, but also the AOCI because it looks like you've done some stuff to try to protect against AOCI risk in 2Q. And I raise it because obviously, we all know the 10 years backed up since March 31. So some color there would be helpful. 
Donald Kimble: Sure, can. As far as what we've done that we have shown some of our asset sensitivity come down a little bit, and that's just based on some of the position that we did throughout the quarter. One of the things I think is unique for us that's helping us position the balance sheet and helping us position our earnings overall is that we had about $6 billion of CMBS agency securities in the portfolio where we did a forward starting swap for those that actually converted those to floating. 
 We actually wound down about $3.5 billion of those swaps in the first quarter, and we'll unwind another $2.5 billion in the second quarter. With those unwinds, it really converts that floating component to fix and adds an additional 75 basis points in yields that $6 billion over the remaining life of the securities. And so we think that will be a nice lift up for us going forward. 
 On the overall swap position, it was fairly stable for the core cash flow swaps we use for asset liability purposes and we'll continue to reassess that. And we'll start to think about how we can manage that position overall. As far as the rate changes since quarter end, that's where we've been able to take advantage of that with some of these starting -- forward starting swaps, like I mentioned, and we'll start to see some of that help the position overall going forward as well. 
Betsy Graseck: Okay. So based on the backup and long end that we've had since March 31, how much less impact would you say you'd be exposed to if this rate is what prints on June 30 relative to what we experienced in 1Q. 
Donald Kimble: Betsy, I don't have that exact math right now. But we can go through that and let you know. But I would say that our rate position and our outlook for NII going forward would not be changed from -- reflecting the current rates and current curve today compared to what it would have been as of March 31. 
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then just other question I had is on funding the loan growth that you're looking for in the rest of this year. It seems like in this quarter, there was a partial funding from deposits, partial funding from cash. And I'm just wondering if I'm thinking about the rest of the year, given that you're looking for deposit growth to slow and really, as you mentioned earlier, be flat here from here on. How are you thinking about funding that loan growth? Is it drawing down more on cash? Or is it more drawing down on securities or just the cash flow from the securities book, would be helpful. 
Donald Kimble: Sure that you hit on all the levers that we're looking at, essentially that we would see that cash position come down a little bit from where it is. I would say that the bond portfolio puts out about $1.8 billion to $2 billion a quarter of cash flow just from maturities. And as I mentioned earlier in the call, we would expect to have some debt issuances through the second and fourth quarters of this year to help reset that. And so all of those combined will be used to help fund some of that future growth and are reflected in our forecast. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. 
Kenneth Usdin: Don, just one more follow-up on the balance sheet. So your 4.4% rate sensitivity, the forward starting swaps, I guess, do we know how much is still yet to start? And how much would those forward starting change that 4.4% sensitivity, if at all? 
Donald Kimble: Well, the forward starting that we didn't close out by the end of the first quarter was $2.8 billion. And then the other component, I think we've got about an additional $1.5 billion that are forward starting that will start later in the year that are already reflected in that but will be fully phased in by the end of the year. 
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. And then just -- is this your comfort zone with where you want the asset sensitivity sit in that 4.5% zone? I know you brought it down a little bit, but do you anticipate either adding more or changing the other complexities of what you're adding on the fixed rate side to change that at all from here? 
Donald Kimble: We could see that continue to trend down a little bit. We tend to be focused on about a plus or minus 3% range. And depending upon what we're seeing for our expectation for rates versus what the [ market ] would have, I think you could see that close down a little bit but not a lot from that 4.4% level. 
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. So we're pretty much looking at like what the balance sheet should look like aside from the growth dynamics that you've talked through. 
Donald Kimble: You will see the impact of the growth dynamics, correct, but not see material changes from here as far as the overall balance sheet, correct? 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. 
Matthew O'Connor: You had a lot of growth in commercial real estate this quarter and really over the past year or so and you mentioned it is coming from affordable housing. Maybe just remind us like what type of loans those are, just the risk dynamics of it. And if there's some sort of like government backing or encouraging or how those are appealing. 
Christopher Gorman: Matt, it's Chris. These loans are what you would typically see kind of in a multifamily environment. The affordable feature of it changes a little bit some of the economics. But actually, the lending parameters don't change. There's not a backstop per se. But as you know, we have dramatically de-risked our real estate book over the years. We have very, very little construction. At one point, I think we had -- going into the global financial crisis, I think we had like 42% in terms of construction. Today that is a high-single digit. So it's a very solid book with solid developers that we know. And it's -- as we've mentioned before, it's a huge unmet need that will, I believe, will continue to be funded. 
Matthew O'Connor: And then somewhat maybe related or unrelated, the corporate service income line. Are there -- what's the key driver there that was very strong? Are there loan fees in there? Or what's the key drivers there? 
Donald Kimble: There were some loan fees there, but more of it, Matt, was in derivative production that we saw in the quarter and have seen over the last couple of quarters going forward on that category. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Autonomous. 
Brian Foran: Don or I guess, Don and Chris, on Slide 12, you show the CET1 on top and the TCE on the bottom. And Don, you made a bunch of great points about the funkiness of the AOCI concept. It's very logical and very consistent with what we hear from other banks. So I want to acknowledge that. But as you think about capital this cycle, clearly CET1 is the main one. Is the TCE matter at all? Is there any level of TCE that would make that a limiting factor? Or is TCE just kind of not relevant this cycle because it's about rates, not credit. 
Donald Kimble: That's a great question, Brian. I would say that our -- as you suggested, our primary focus is on Common Equity Tier 1 ratio. And that's the one that we're managing to and using. And so that's our focus as we look at our capital priorities as far as supporting that organic growth, making sure we maintain that strong dividend and then using share buybacks to manage within that range. The TCE ratio is clearly impacted because of the dramatic change we saw in rates. What helps us in that side is that as I mentioned before, between those short-term treasuries in the swap book, 1/3 of that AOCI adjustment actually goes away in the next 2.5 years. 
 And so we'll see that burn in fairly quickly. And so that will help us in deciding what's the appropriate level of TCE. We do watch that. We do pay attention to it. We do have some goals and objectives there as far as we don't want to see it drop below certain levels but we're still above that threshold, and it hasn't required us to make any additional changes to how we're managing our capital or overall balance sheet. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. 
Robert Siefers: I think most have been kind of asked and answered. But Don, maybe I'll take that one that hopefully is fairly straightforward. And just other fee income. So you had the market-related adjustments. So that led to the loss of $4 million or so versus a typical number kind of in that $50 million to $60 million range. With the losses kind of behind you, does that revert straight back up to 50% or would that necessitate some sort of recovery in that? In other words, does it split the difference with no change in market dynamics? How should that all flow through? 
Donald Kimble: Typically before last year, we would have seen something in the 20s for that category. So it's more of a split the difference there, like you said, Scott, and that would be our expectation going forward. 
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from Gerard Cassidy. 
Gerard Cassidy: LeBron -- I mean Don. Can you touch upon Chris' comments, I think in his opening remarks, he talked about the student loan holiday? Have you guys kind of tried to dig into your customer base about the potential that once the holiday ends or the deferments and how much refinancing business is sitting there for you guys to capture? 
Christopher Gorman: Yes, Gerard, it's Chris. We clearly think there's a backlog. We've seen it before just when people thought the holiday was ending that we've seen ramp-ups. So I'm sure there are people out there that logically have deferred. And if and when it were to end, I think there's some pent-up demand. We've seen that play out with sort of the couple deadlines that have been out there and have been extended. 
Gerard Cassidy: And Chris, is it more for the existing customer base? Or is it just the general pool of medical school debt that's out there that you guys would try to go after? 
Christopher Gorman: No, we would go after the entire pool of medical school debt. So there's the medical school debt that's with the government, and there's also the refinance debt. 
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I'll pass it back to Chris for any closing remarks. 
Christopher Gorman: Thank you, operator. And again, thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team (216) 689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Conferencing Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-20 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Chris Gorman. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Thank you for joining us for KeyCorp's fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today are Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. On Slide 2, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I am now moving to Slide 3. This morning, we reported a strong finish to a record year. For the fourth quarter, our earnings per share were $0.64 or $2.63 for the year. Before we discuss our quarterly results, I would like to provide some perspective on our performance for the year. Importantly, we continue to deliver on our commitments and make progress toward each of our long-term targets. I'll start with positive operating leverage. In 2021, we generated positive operating leverage for the eighth time in the past nine years. Importantly, we expect to generate positive operating leverage again in 2022. We delivered record revenue which was up 9% year-over-year with growth in both net interest income and non-interest income. Pre-provision net revenue also achieved record levels last year, up 10% from the prior year. We raised a record level of capital for our clients this year, over $100 billion, resulting in a record level of investment banking fees. Our Investment Banking business has been a consistent, sustainable growth engine for Key, growing at 15% compound annual growth rate over the last decade. We expect another year of growth in 2022. Our pipelines remain strong and are higher than at this time last year. We continue to take share in our seven industry verticals. We also have leading positions in some very targeted sub-verticals, including renewables financing and affordable housing. In order to enhance our strong competitive position, we have continued to add bankers. In 2021, we increased our population of senior bankers by 10% and we expect further growth in 2022. We also saw strong momentum in our consumer business. We grew net new households at a record pace and we continue to expand our existing client relationships. Our strongest growth in 2021 came from the western part of our franchise which grew households at over 2x the rate of the rest of our footprint. Consumer loans in our Western franchise were up 17% last year. We are also seeing very strong growth with younger clients; 25% of our new households are under 30. We continue to benefit from two consumer growth engines, Laurel Road and consumer mortgage. Combined, these businesses generated a record $16 billion in originations for the year ending 12/31/21. We also continue to invest in order to support future growth. In addition to growing the number of bankers, we have continued to make meaningful investments in digital and analytics. These investments have accelerated our growth, improved our efficiency and enhanced the client experience. In 2021, we launched our national, digital affinity bank, Laurel Road for Doctors which expanded our consumer footprint nationally for a very targeted high-quality client segment. 75% of our new business is coming from outside of our traditional 15-state footprint. We also acquired AQN Strategies, a leading consumer-focused analytics firm. And most recently, we acquired XUP, a B2B-focused digital payments platform that provides an integrated and seamless onboarding experience. Foundational to our model is a relentless focus on maintaining our risk discipline. Credit quality remains strong throughout the year, as net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans remained at historically low levels. We will continue to support our clients while maintaining our moderate risk profile which has and will continue to position the company to perform well through all business cycles. Finally, we have maintained our strong capital position, while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. In 2021, we returned 75% of our net income to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We are committed to delivering value for all of our stakeholders. I am very proud of our accomplishments in 2021. I want to thank our teammates for their dedication and commitment to serving our clients and growing our business. I am confident in our future. We are positioned to deliver on our commitments. Now, I'll turn it over to Don to provide more details on the results for the quarter and our outlook for 2022. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Chris. I'm now on Slide 5. For the fourth quarter, net income from continuing operations was $0.64 per common share, up 14% from last year. Our results reflect record performance from many of our businesses as well as continued strong credit metrics. Importantly, we delivered positive operating leverage for both the fourth quarter and the full year. We also achieved record revenue for both the fourth quarter and full year. We had year-over-year growth in both net interest income and non-interest income. Our return on tangible common equity for the quarter was 18.7%. I will cover the other items on this slide later in my presentation. Turning to Slide 6. Average loans for the quarter were $99.4 billion, down 2% from the year ago period and down less than 1% in the prior quarter. The driver of the decline from both periods was a decrease in average PPP balances, as we help clients take advantage of loan forgiveness. Forgiveness this quarter was $1.5 billion. Importantly, we saw core growth in both our commercial and industrial books as well as commercial real estate portfolios versus the prior year and prior quarter. If we adjust for the sale of the indirect auto portfolio last quarter as well as the impact of PPP, our core loans were up approximately $4 billion on average of 4% and up over $4.8 billion or 5% on an ending basis from the prior quarter. On the consumer side, we continue to see strong momentum driven by Laurel Road and consumer mortgage. Combined, these businesses originated $4 billion of high-quality loans this quarter. Continuing on to Slide 7. Average deposits totaled $151 billion for the fourth quarter of 2021, up $15 billion or 11% compared to the year ago period and up $4 billion or 3% from the prior quarter. The linked quarter and year-ago comparisons reflect growth in both commercial and consumer balances. The growth was partially offset by continued and expected decline in time deposits. Our cost of interest-bearing deposits remained unchanged at six basis points. We continue to have a strong, stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for approximately 60% of the total deposit mix. Turning to Slide 8. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.038 billion for the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to $1.043 billion a year ago and $1.025 billion for the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.44% for the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to 2.7% for the same period last year and 2.47% for the prior quarter. Year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, both net interest income and net interest margin reflects the impact of lower investment yields as well as the exit of the indirect auto loan portfolio last quarter which impacted our net interest margin by three basis points. These were largely offset by a favorable earning asset mix. The net interest margin was also impacted by elevated levels of liquidity, as we continue to experience higher levels of deposit inflows in 2021. Couple of areas of interest in the past have been the impact of the repricing of our interest rate swap portfolio and the potential benefit from investing our excess liquidity position. Today, the current market rates actually exceed the average received fixed rate of our current swap portfolio. Also, if we reinvested the $20 billion of liquidity, our benefit to net interest income would be about $350 million a year. We've also included in the appendix additional detail on our investment portfolio and asset liability position. Moving on to Slide 9. We reported record non-interest income for both the quarter and full year. Non-interest income was $909 million for the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to $802 million for the year ago period and $797 million in the third quarter. Compared to the year ago period, non-interest income increased 13%. The increase was largely driven by an all-time high quarter for investment banking and debt placement fees which reached $323 million. Additionally, commercial mortgage servicing fees increased $16 million year-over-year. Offsetting this growth was lower consumer mortgage fees reflecting higher balance sheet retention and lower gain on sale margins. Compared to the third quarter, non-interest income increased by $112 million, again primarily driven by the record fourth quarter investment banking and debt placement fees. Other notable drivers were other income and commercial mortgage servicing fees which increased $33 million and $14 million, respectively. Partially offsetting this was a $25 million decrease in cards and payments income, driven by lower prepaid card revenues. I'm now on Slide 10. Non-interest expense for the quarter was $1.17 billion compared to $1.128 billion last year and $1.112 billion in the prior quarter. Our expense levels reflect higher production-related incentives related to our record revenue generation as well as the investments we've made to drive future growth. Our expense levels in 2021 reflect a number of direct investments. As Chris mentioned, we invested in our team, including adding 10% new senior bankers. We invested in Laurel Road in the rollout of our National Digital Bank and the team and an increased marketing. And we strengthened our digital and analytics capability, including the acquisitions of AQN and XUP. These investments are correlated to higher levels of personnel costs from increasing hiring as well as the production-related incentives. On the non-personnel side, we saw an increase in business services and professional fees, computer processing expense and marketing. Now moving to Slide 11. Overall credit quality continues to outperform expectations. For the fourth quarter, net charge-offs remained at historic lows and were $19 million or eight basis points of average loans. Our provision for credit losses was $4 million. This reflects our continued strong credit measures as well as our outlook for the overall economy and loan production. Non-performing loans were $454 million this quarter or 45 basis points of period-end loans, a decline of $100 million or 22% from the prior quarter. Now on to Slide 12. We ended the fourth quarter with Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.4%, with our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. This provides us with sufficient capacity to continue to support our customers and their borrowing needs and return capital to our shareholders. Importantly, we continue to return capital to our shareholders in accordance with our capital priorities. The final settlement of our accelerated share repurchase program disclosed last quarter was reflected in our share count this quarter. No additional open market repurchases were executed. Additionally, our Board of Directors approved a fourth quarter dividend increase of 5% which now places our dividend at $0.195 per common share. On Slide 13 is our full year 2022 outlook. The guidance is relative to our full year 2021 results and ranges are shown on the slide. Importantly, using the midpoints of our guidance ranges which support Chris' comments by delivering another year of positive operating leverage in 2022. Average loans will be up low single digits on a reported basis. Excluding PPP and the impact of the sale of our indirect auto business, average loans will be up low double digits. We expect continued growth in average deposits which should be up low single digits. Net interest income is expected to be relatively stable, reflecting lower fees from PPP forgiveness, offset by growth in average earning assets, primarily loan balances. Our guidance assumes three rate increases in 2022, with the last one in December which would not have a meaningful impact on our results for the year. On a reported basis, non-interest income would be down low single digits, reflecting lower prepaid card revenue related to the support of government programs. Excluding prepaid card, our non-interest income would be relatively stable. We expect non-interest expense to be down low single digits, once again, adjusting for the expected reduction in expenses related to prepaid cards, expenses would be relatively stable. For the year, we expect net charge-offs to be in the range of 20 to 30 basis points. Given our strong credit trends, we would expect lower loss rates to remain below our range early in the year and to move modestly higher later in the year. And our guidance for the GAAP tax rate is approximately 20%. Finally, shown at the bottom of the slide are our long-term targets which remain unchanged. We expect to continue to make progress on these targets by maintaining a moderate risk profile and improving our productivity and efficiency which will drive returns. Overall, it was a strong quarter and a good finish to the year and we remain confident in our ability to grow and deliver on our commitments to all of our stakeholders. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: I wanted to see if you could elaborate a little bit more in terms of the main drivers of loan growth that you expect in your most single-digit average loan growth outlook for 2022. Where do you think you're going to see the biggest upside? Where are you seeing some of the momentum building? And then related to that, I know the end-of-period balances pointed to -- or came in above the average balances on the loan side, is that a good jumping-off point as we model loan growth for next year?
Chris Gorman: Sure, John. So as you look at it, in the last couple of years, we've had the benefit of a lot of strength in the consumer loan engines that we've built around both mortgage which is up basically 7x since 2016. And of course, Laurel Road which has exceeded our expectations. As we look forward, I think you're going to see the commercial side leading the growth. And if you look back from the second quarter to the third quarter and the third quarter to the fourth quarter, we had total loan growth of 4% in each of those quarters adjusted for both PPP and indirect auto. And where I think you're going to see the growth continue is, first of all, let's talk a little bit about just what the utilization rates are. Our historic utilization rates have been mid-30s. Right now, we're at 27%. Every percent that we go up is $1 billion. So that's one source of growth. We called the bottom of that at the end of the second quarter. And this quarter, for example, were up 75 basis points. On utilization, it's my view that once people can get product, they will probably build inventory to a degree even greater than they had prior. And that's because I think people have learned a lesson on just in time. And also in an inflationary environment, there's just not a lot of cost to going long on inventory, so to speak. Other than that, we also have -- in our targeted scale approach, we have some areas that really generate outsized loan growth. And you think about our focus on health care, there's certainly a lot of consolidation going on there, our focus on technology. Then we have a couple of real drivers that I mentioned in my remarks. One is renewable energy which obviously, there's a tremendous amount of capital flowing into. And the other is this notion of affordable housing which is really -- a real unmet need in our country. So if you think about our backlogs and you think about our current trajectory, I think our guidance is pretty logical.
Don Kimble: Yes, Chris, the only two things I would add to that really are, again, we're seeing a lot of benefit from adding senior bankers. We talked about adding 10% senior bankers this year and they're helping to drive that commercial growth for us going forward. And so continue to be excited about the benefit from that. And then, if you look at the period-end balances, the only thing that I would caution there is that it still includes about $1.6 billion worth of PPP balances. We saw $1.5 billion of forgiveness this past quarter. And so that will become a smaller and smaller part of the overall pie. But still excited and optimistic about the growth going forward.
John Pancari: Okay, great. And then separately, a common question that we get for you guys, just given how solid your capital markets and ID business has been is the question around the potential -- or if there is a cliff coming in that revenue. So can you just give us a little bit of color on how you're thinking about capital markets revenues? As you look at 2022, I know you indicated in your prepared remarks that you expect another solid year but just if you can give us a little bit more in terms of how we should think about the run rate?
Chris Gorman: Sure. So this is a business that for the last decade, we've had a compound annual growth rate of 15%. And so it's a business that has a good track record of growing. I think it's important to note that in this line, our investment banking line, we don't have any trading revenue. So some of the extreme volatility that one might expect to see from trading, one, we don't have it as part of our business. We trade just to provide liquidity for our customers. But certainly, within our investment banking line, we don't have any of those revenues. The other thing that gives me comfort are, obviously, our backlogs are stronger today than they were a year ago. We have more bankers on the street, as Don just mentioned, out talking to more customers. In addition to that, we've made other investments. We've bought boutiques that we've successfully integrated. We also have hired groups of bankers that are on the platform. I've said for a long time that I thought that it was a platform that was under leveraged. The other thing that gives us a lot of opportunity to do businesses when you're a middle market bank, obviously, the number of targets as you kind of go down the pyramid expand geometrically. And so there's really a lot of potential customers out there for us to be calling on. And the customers that we do have, because we've picked areas like I just mentioned, whether it's renewables or affordable housing, there's a lot of repeat issuers as a normal part of their business. So we have a lot of repeat business.
John Pancari: Okay. And any way to help us think about the -- how we should think about the level of growth in that line? I know you mentioned you expect growth this year but any way to help us think about the magnitude?
Chris Gorman: No. I think what we're really focused on is making sure we continue to maintain growth in that business in spite of coming off of a year where we grew it by 49%.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. And your line is open.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions.
Chris Gorman: Thanks, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Don, I was just hoping you can maybe sort of unpack the expense guidance a little? I guess, personally, I would have thought maybe a little more pressure on the cost side in 2022 than what you're guiding to, particularly in light of the expectation for such ongoing strength in the investment banking line. So maybe just sort of the puts and takes that you see and sort of how you're keeping a lid on overall costs.
Don Kimble: I'd be happy to that, as we mentioned a little bit on the comments that we do expect expenses and also fee income to come down from the expected decline in the prepaid card activity. We did see a nice reduction in that in the fourth quarter. And the year-over-year change from that activity should be about $90 million for both fee income and expenses coming down. In addition to that, we have a similar issue going on with our operating lease area that we're going to reclassify certain leases into capital leases from operating leases. And so you can see a smaller than that but a reclassification out-of-fee income and expenses. And so it will have a reduction of both of those. And then, other categories where we would expect to have declines in 2022 compared to 2021 would include professional fees which we had some programs that finished up here in the fourth quarter and had an artificially high level in the quarter and parts of 2021 that we wouldn't expect going into 2022. And then incentives that many of our incentives are based on how our performance is compared to our plan. And we clearly exceeded our plan levels in 2021. And so we would expect incentives to be down year-over-year compared to what we had in 2021. Now hopefully, we'll have performance that exceeds expectations again next year or this year, I should say and drive that back but we'll see some outsized performance and revenue there as well. And the last piece I'd like to highlight there as far as expenses is that both in the third and fourth quarter, we made additional $15 million contributions to our charitable foundation as a result of some additional fee income that was realized. And so we should see a little lower other expense coming through there. Now you mentioned investments that we will see salaries go up year-over-year. And part of that is just the expectation that merit increases will be higher. Historically, we would see merit increases in the 2% range. And because of the market pressures and others, we will probably see 3% to 4% merit increases. And on top of that, continuing to invest in our senior bankers and we grew those at 10% this year. Our expectations will have another nice year of growth again in 2022. And the last piece of growth in expenses will be computer processing that we did see that one-line item increase year-over-year and linked quarter and we would expect to see that continue to go up a little bit overall. And so if you mesh all that together and swirled around a little bit is how you get to our guidance of being kind of low down single -- down low single digits. And so I know it's a little messy but hopefully, that helps provide a little bit more color there.
Scott Siefers: Yes, it does. That's perfect, and I appreciate the thoughts.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we will go to the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. And your line is open.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Chris. Good morning, Don.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Chris, can you share with us on the investment banking area? I think you guys talked about retaining about 18% of the loans that you put out for these clients. Can you give us some color on what types of loans are? Are they leveraged transactions or are they those low-income housing mortgages that you referenced? Can you give us some color about that part of the Investment Banking business?
Chris Gorman: It's a wide range, Gerard. And it ranges from investment-grade debt that we would be distributing to on the other end of the spectrum. We would be distributing to Fannie, Freddie, FHA/HUD, 10-year nonrecourse debt. And in those instances, obviously, we wouldn't be retaining any for our balance sheet. So it's really our kind of criteria for what we hold on our balance sheet and what we distribute. First and foremost, we start with what is in the client's best interest. And when markets are as open as they are now, there's -- and we have a moderate risk appetite, there are certainly other places where we can better serve our clients than on our balance sheet. And then the other thing we think about, again, keeping our moderate risk profile is just not having a lot of risk in any one name. So that's kind of how we think about it.
Gerard Cassidy: And you said something in your comments earlier to a question about the repeatable business. How much is -- can you give us an estimate of how much of your Investment Banking business are in those industries that constantly need funding?
Chris Gorman: In any given year, it's not unusual for 1/3 to half of our issuers to be repeat customers of ours. And so in certain -- to your question, in certain businesses, for example, if you're a real estate developer in low income housing, low income which is the same as affordable, your business is built around putting these projects in and we're in the business of helping them do that and then providing the permanent financing by placing it.
Gerard Cassidy: And then as a follow-up question, Don, you guys have done a very good job in changing the image of Key on credit from what it was like in the financial crisis and other recessions. The consensus and you referenced this as well in your camp about credit remains really strong first half of the year and maybe we start to see normalization trends in the second half of the year. Is it just more intuitive, I think you feel that way or is there some modeling that you guys can really see and say, yes, okay, this cannot be sustained much longer because it's been so unusually strong?
Don Kimble: To me, it's more intuitive. I'll ask Mark to provide a little bit more color there as well. But if you think about it, the consumer has benefited so much from all the stimulus that's been provided. And we're starting to see some of those stimulus programs actually wind down. And so we would expect to see some of the consumer performance start to return to more normal levels. Delinquency and charge-off levels for the consumer portfolio are all-time record lows and don't see that as being sustainable long term. Commercial, I would say, it's similar that if you look at what's happened on criticized, classified, non-performing loans, the trends have just been so, so positive. And I don't see anything on the horizon which would suggest that it's going to turn anytime soon. But gut would just tell you that sometimes you're going to have to start to see some things start to revert back closer to normal. Mark, any thought you would add to that?
Mark Midkiff: Yes. No, I think you summed it up well, Don. And just the general criticized, classified, NPL, all those improvements, they'll begin to moderate and you get to more of a level bottom as the stimulus programs are pulled back.
Chris Gorman: What's interesting, even though the stimulus programs clearly are waning as we look at our book, there's about $5 billion of deposits for our consumers that are greater than pre-pandemic. So there's still a lot of cash in the system, for sure.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. Thank you, gentlemen.
Chris Gorman: Thanks, Gerard.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. And your line is open.
Peter Winter: Good morning. I wanted to ask about net interest income, and I was just wondering, Don, if maybe you could quantify the impact in 2022 versus '21 on both the PPP income and the swap income?
Don Kimble: Sure, can. As far as the PPP loans that we've talked to each quarter about what the fee income is that we've realized and the fourth quarter was $48 million. And so combined throughout the year, the fee income was $191 million in 2021. And then on top of that, we had normal interest income on the PPP loans of a little over $50 million. And so we think that $244 million of income actually gets cut by about $200 million between 2021 and 2022. And so that clearly is a headwind for us. And so if that would have been consistent year-over-year, we would be showing mid-single-digit kind of growth rates in net interest income as opposed to what we're reporting of being relatively stable. As far as the swaps, I don't have that off the top of my head as far as the impact for 2022. I think the important thing that -- and we've hit this on the call a little bit, is that what we're seeing from market rates today actually are at or higher than what the total portfolio of swap received fixed rates are. And so in other words, we're seeing a 125 as far as our received fixed rate that we have for our swap book and that is at or below what the current market rates would be for three or four year swap to replace it. And the only reason I hesitate as far as the swap impact beyond that, Peter, is that, that all depends on the rate assumptions and because we would expect swaps to come down as rates go up because essentially what the swaps do is help convert some of those variable rate loans to flow or to fixed rate loans.
Peter Winter: Okay. And just regarding rates. Don, you mentioned in the prepared remarks, three rate hikes and one of them being in December, so not much of an impact. Could you just quantify the impact to net interest income for every 25-basis point rate hike and what you're assuming for deposit betas?
Don Kimble: Sure, can. Each 25 basis points for the full year impact would be about $50 million to $60 million of additional net interest income. Our assumption right now that's in our asset liability management model would show about a 30% deposit beta. But we're assuming a much lower deposit beta on the first couple of rate moves in our outlook. And some of our commercial deposits are tied to the changes in LIBOR, now SOFR and others on the consumer side are more administrative rates. So we'll have a little bit of flexibility there as far as how quickly those rates move up but we would expect it to show a lower beta in the first couple of moves and then move to 30% beta overtime.
Peter Winter: Great. Thanks, Don. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. And your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. I wanted to follow-up on Peter's question, Don, on net interest income sensitivity. I just wanted to clarify that $50 million to $60 million for each 25 basis points does include a 30% beta and therefore, what you're telling us is in reality, there's going to be -- the first few rate hikes should be, in theory, higher than this $50 million to $60 million?
Don Kimble: I would agree that there will be some negative impact initially, Erika, for a few commercial loans to have floors that are above 0 but would expect the early rate increases that have more of a lift than that $50 million to $60 million range; that's correct.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And what -- can you remind us of the $25 billion you have in A/LM swaps? What the maturity profile looks like? And given expectations for a tightening cycle that goes through 2023, what are your plans to replace maturing swaps the debate in terms of capturing more of the rate sensitivity versus replacing the swaps for -- to protect your NII in the future?
Don Kimble: Sure. As far as the swaps, they have a duration of 2.4 years. And so if we look at the 2022 maturities, there's about $4 billion of the $25 billion that mature in that first year. We take a look at how we're positioned from an asset sensitivity perspective all the time to see where we want to target that right now, we're showing about a 5% asset-sensitive position. To the earlier point, that was with the assumption of a 30% deposit beta and our appendix, we show that for every 5-percentage point decline in that beta, our asset sensitivity actually increases by 1.25 points. And so there is a real impact from that. We are getting to the point where the rates are getting more attractive and more consistent with where our outlook would be. And so as we look at the loan growth that we would be expecting for this year, we'll have to continue to reassess how much of the swap book we roll over and how much we might add to if we're more and more comfortable with that forward curve and able to realize that with the swaps that we've been booking. But right now, we're not assuming any additional swaps beyond just replacing the maturities at this point in time in our outlook.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And if I could sneak one last one for Chris. So Chris, I feel like during this earnings season, CEOs are in two camps: those that are letting the rate hikes fall to the bottom line and those that are investing the rate hikes. The way Don explained your expense outlook, clearly, there are Key specific idiosyncrasies. Your strategy is loud and clear that you invest back in the franchise and you pay for increased client activity. But as we think about a year without PPP noise and good loan growth and rate hikes, how should we think about positive operating leverage at Key? In other words, are you going to allow more of those rate hikes to drop to the bottom line and therefore, positive operating leverage actually widens as we get further into the rate cycle? Or do you feel like you can keep positive operating leverage stable and take that opportunity to invest?
Chris Gorman: It's really the latter, Erika. We said today that we will generate positive operating leverage in 2022 but that assumes that we are out there and we're investing. And we're investing in our existing people. We're out successfully hiring people. As you know, we've made a lot of niche acquisitions. We continue to see a lot of flow there. So it's really -- we will achieve positive operating leverage but we will clearly invest in our team. We think we have a unique platform. We think it's under leveraged and we'll continue to invest in it.
Don Kimble: Just to reemphasize that point that Chris made that think about the headwinds we have in 2022 for the PPP program of $200 million and our PPNR numbers there are at $2.8 billion. So that's a meaningful increase to our adjusted or core PPNR without that impact of the PPP forgiveness. And so we would have had an extremely strong positive operating leverage in 2022 and I think we're continuing to invest for growth and would expect that to continue to have a nice trajectory in the 2023 and beyond.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. And your line is open.
Matt O'Connor: You guys are less reliant on overdraft or non-sufficient fund's fees than some of your peers. But maybe you could give us an update on what your strategy is there going forward, given some of the changes in the industry and what the impact would be on your revenues this year and maybe looking out a couple of years?
Chris Gorman: Sure, Matt. So you're right. For us, it's a -- on a relative basis, it's not as important. But kind of starting at what is most important is we're a relationship bank. And so it is very, very important to us that we have a value proposition that is attractive to our existing customers and to our clients. Currently, 22% of all our checking accounts are what we call hassle-free. And by definition, you can't overdraft with that account. And also there are absolutely no fees on a monthly basis. Having said that, obviously, in the last couple of weeks, there's been a series of changes in sort of where the market is and we will continue to reassess where we are making sure that it's a, as I say, a great value proposition for both our customers and our prospects.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then just remind us what those fees totaled in '21? And are you assuming any changes in the guidance?
Chris Gorman: So those -- if you look at overdraft fees for us in 2021, I think they were just over 1.5% and we haven't made any formal changes in our model yet as we're assessing where we're going to come out.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then just separately, a quick clarification question. Don, you mentioned about the change in accounting on the leasing impacting the fees and costs. And maybe I missed it but do we just essentially take out both of those fees and costs and then it migrates -- nets out? Or is there a net interest income impact?
Don Kimble: Well, for that, those two line items, you would see them decline by a little bit. That wouldn't be completely removed but there are certain leases that we have currently included in our operating lease accounts that will be considered as capital leases going forward. And so you would see that operating lease income and operating lease expense both decline by $20 million to $30 million year-over-year from that. And you would see the net difference going through the net interest income; that's correct.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll go to the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. And your line is open.
Mike Mayo: Hey, I guess I have a positive and negative question; let me do the negative question first. Wage pressure; you're hiring a lot of bankers. You're seeing wages go up in technology and outside. What are you seeing and what are you assuming as part of your expense guidance?
Chris Gorman: Sure. So a couple of things. We, like everybody else, are seeing wage pressure. And if you go back five years and you look at our entry-level teammates, depending on what they do, what their background was, what geography they're in, their starting wages are up over 40%. So that's over five years. That's real and we've been seeing that. Also, there's wage -- there's certain areas where there's even more wage pressure. One would be certain areas around analytics and technology. Those employees and teammates are obviously very valuable and we're recruiting in those areas. So you see inflation there. And then it's pretty well documented, we and others gave junior bankers in our Investment Banking business increases sort of mid-cycle. So that's kind of where we've seen it. And from an overall planning perspective, we typically would think that we would have 2% merit increases every year. We're budgeting for 3% to 4% this coming year, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And then the positive question. No good deed goes unpunished. Record investment banking, markets last year, record this year. I know you grew and ran that business and you're the only capital markets player that I've heard so far to guide for higher 2022 results. People have said -- CEOs have said impossible comps, normalizing lower, yet you're saying it should still go higher. Now you don't need to put yourself out there with that specific forecast. What gives you that extra confidence?
Chris Gorman: Yes. So it's a few things. It's -- first of all, the fact that -- and I mentioned this earlier, the line item that you're looking at doesn't have any trading in it. We trade just for the benefit of our customers' liquidity. We have a lot of repeat customers. We, as you know, Mike, have built the business on this notion of targeted scale around certain sectors of the economy that are growing and that need capital, places like health care technology and I mentioned a couple of the subsectors as well. And we continue to add to our platform. I mean as I mentioned, we have a unique and underleveraged platform that we continue to hire teammates. We grew our number of senior bankers by 10% last year. I'm looking at our backlogs. Obviously, there's no guarantees in the deal business but I feel really good about our team and I feel good about the momentum of the business in spite of the fact that, as you point out, we're up 49% year-over-year.
Mike Mayo: All right, thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. And your line is open.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess just, Don, one question on follow-up around rate sensitivity on Slide 18. You outlined $20 billion of cash and short-term securities. In the numbers you provided earlier, the $50 million to $60 million, what are you assuming in terms of remixing some of that cash into longer-dated assets and loans? Just give us some color on that. And also, I think, Chris, in the past, you've talked about maybe $2 billion or $3 billion in deposits that could leave as things normalize, consumers are back out and about, give us a perspective on what you're assuming in terms of deposit outflows?
Don Kimble: Okay. As far as the redeployment of that $20 billion of liquidity that we were thinking that for 2022, the biggest use of that excess liquidity will really come from loan demand that we expect from this point forward that our loan balances will outpace deposit balances as far as growth. And so that will use up some of that excess liquidity in 2022, still be in a strong position after that. Our assumptions would have us reinvesting the runoff which is about $2.5 billion a quarter, plus another $1 billion to $3 billion a quarter of additional growth. And so it doesn't have any significant redeployment of that excess liquidity into the bond market at all. So -- but that's something we'll continue to evaluate and fine-tune as we go throughout the year. On the deposit assumption that we are still guiding to growth year-over-year in deposits but at a slower pace than what we've seen. I will be honest and tell you that over the last few years, we've always been wrong as far as our deposit growth and it's come in stronger than what we would have expected and the balances have retained longer than what we would have expected. But at some point in time, we do think some of that cash will be put to work as our commercial company -- our customers start to have opportunities to invest in inventory and other things like that to support their growth and we do believe the consumer at some point in time will start to use some of the cash buildup they've achieved as well.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's helpful. And I guess just a separate question on loan growth. You talked about some of the C&I utilization rates informing your guidance. You also talked about the West Coast franchise and the household acquisition has been 2x, what you're seeing in the rest of the footprint. How big is that household acquisition in terms of actually translating into revenue loan growth? Any color you can provide on that?
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, the one data point that I mentioned was in the West, we grew our loans on the consumer side by 17% in 2021. And a lot of that -- this goes back to targeted scale, a lot of that growth was frankly around mortgages for doctors and dentists.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And is that where we should see growth is tied to consumer within that medical sort of vertical going forward?
Chris Gorman: That's one of the areas. But I just think the demographics -- the point I was making on the West is just the demographics are much stronger than other parts of our franchise and it's really important for us, we're focused on growing in the West, growing in growth markets. And so the opportunity there is about 2x. And in terms of households, we grew households 2x in 2021 in the West.
Ebrahim Poonawala: All right. And just one, if I could sneak in, how many more of like XUP, AQN kind of opportunities are out there? And are there any particular areas where you're really focused on when it comes to these acquisitions?
Chris Gorman: So there are a lot of opportunities. Because we've been involved in the fintech space as an investor, as a partner for well over a decade, we're pretty tied into the ecosystem. It's not unusual for us to see 10 or 15 deals a month. So there are a lot of opportunities. Our first screen is always how does this help us distinguish ourselves with our customers? And a lot of fintechs are very good at taking out one particular pain point for a certain client set. And so that's kind of how we look at it. So I think there'll be a lot of opportunities. The interesting thing for us is XUP is one of the first fintechs that we've acquired that's exclusively focused on our commercial franchise. In the past, we've really made investments on the consumer side. So I think going forward, not at the expense of the consumer side but you'll see us continue to invest on the commercial side.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's helpful. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens. And your line is open.
Terry McEvoy: Hi, good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Terry.
Terry McEvoy: Maybe, Don, just a question for you. I was wondering if you could maybe help us think about first quarter expenses based on some of the comments earlier on this call in the fourth quarter and maybe some of the step-up or seasonality that you typically can see?
Don Kimble: Sure. We would expect to see some normal seasonality there. The first quarter tends to be kind of a low spot on revenues for many of the areas but the day count is fewer and so that drives a lot of the revenue components. Capital markets-related revenues tend to be lower in the first quarter as well. And so with that, you would expect to see incentives coming down nicely compared to the fourth quarter as well because we have a high correlation for the incentive calculations to total revenues. Some of the other expense categories, we would expect to see some declines in some of the areas that I've mentioned before, including professional fees, the op lease expense will start to phase in and some of the other expense categories should also show some declines there because of the nonrecurring type of items that hit us in the fourth quarter also.
Terry McEvoy: And then as a follow-up, is $4 billion a good quarterly run rate for 2022, as I think about consumer loan originations and can Laurel Road continue to grow if the consumer mortgage channel comes down a bit?
Chris Gorman: So there's a couple of things going on there. As you think about our consumer business, let's start with Laurel Road. They had obviously about $2 billion of originations in spite of what was a federal student loan payment holiday all year. So I think actually, there's a little pent-up demand there. As you think about our mortgage business, that will come down in terms of volume. We had originations of $14 billion this year. We're about half purchase half refi. We will exceed the MBA numbers and take share in both of those but I would expect purchase to continue to rise. And obviously, based on our forecast for interest rates, we would expect refi to drop off rather significantly.
Terry McEvoy: Great. Thank you, both.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. And your line is open.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. A couple of quick ones. You mentioned that the full year retention of that commercial investment bank originations was 18%. You had been doing a little bit more than 20%. So I'm just checking that while the number was good in the fourth quarter, did you actually keep a lower percentage? And is that a potential driver presuming that the organic origination growth still looks good in your outlook for '22?
Chris Gorman: Yes, it's a good question. It really goes back to what's in the client's best interest. And there will be some times where a financing, we will actually -- we won't hold any of it, sometimes we'll hold a piece of it. So any fluctuation you'll see there is really just a function of us taking our clients to the market that we think suits them best.
Ken Usdin: Okay, got it. So that can move. Okay. Don, can you talk a little bit about what you're buying securities at today versus what's still running off and how that front book/back book looks going forward?
Don Kimble: Sure. Last quarter, we had a runoff yield of 2.1% on roughly $2.7 billion. But In the fourth quarter, we bought securities of 182 -- or excuse me, 162 and around the end of the year, that had moved up to about 180 to 190. It's actually north of 2% today. So we're getting to that point of breakeven as far as the rollover of the investment portfolio as well.
Ken Usdin: Okay, great. And last one, just on capital, you're at 9.4%, that's right around your zone where you want to live. So can you talk to us about RWA growth versus buyback and how you think about capital return after the dividend?
Don Kimble: Sure. And I think you hit on our priorities there. The first is to continue to support organic growth. We have seen the strong loan growth and forecasting for continuation of strong loan growth. And so that will require additional capital to support that. Second is to support a very strong dividend and we did increase the fourth quarter to $0.195 a share and still continue to target somewhere in that 40% to 50% kind of payout range. And then after that, you share buybacks to manage our overall capital position. If you're growing loans at double-digit rates, you're probably not going to be buying back as many shares as when you're growing loans at, say, 4% to 5% range. And so that will probably be slower than what it might have been over the previous years but still view that as an appropriate use of the excess capital generation that we have throughout the year.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Thank you very much.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And with that we have no further questions. I'd like to turn it back over to the speakers for any closing comments.
Chris Gorman: Again, thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, 216-689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-21 10:00:00) =====
Chris Gorman: [Call Starts Abruptly] and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. On Slide 2, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I'm now moving to Slide 3. This morning, we reported another strong quarter with net income of $616 million or $0.65 a share. We delivered positive operating leverage and expect to generate positive operating leverage for the full year. We delivered record third quarter revenue, which was up 8% from the year ago period. Our results were driven by growth in both net interest income and noninterest income. Noninterest income reached a record third quarter level, up 17% from the same period last year. The increase was driven by broad-based growth across our fee-based businesses, including investment banking, which was up 61%. I am especially proud of the way our teammates continue to serve our communities and clients; and in doing so, creating new and deeper relationships across our franchise. In our consumer business, we experienced record growth in net new households in the first 9 months of the year. Our Western franchise is growing at a rate of over 2x the rest of our footprint and younger clients continue to be our fastest-growing segment. Additionally, our consumer business generated a record $4.2 billion in loan originations for the quarter, which reflects growth from our consumer mortgage business and Laurel Road. Through the first 9 months of the year, our consumer mortgage originations have exceeded 2020's full year record level of $8.3 billion. Laurel Road had another strong quarter as we continue to add and expand high-quality relationships through our national digital bank. Importantly, what really sets Laurel Road apart is our targeted client approach, which results in high-value digital relationships nationally. Currently, 75% of our volume is coming from outside our footprint. Laurel Road is part of a broader healthcare initiative across our company that has established Key as 1 of the leading healthcare banks. Moving on to our commercial businesses. we had another strong quarter. Our Investment Banking business generated fees of $235 million, a record third quarter level and the second highest quarterly level in our history. We experienced growth across the entire platform. Our broad and comprehensive platform has enabled this business to grow consistently over the past decade. Our investment banking business has grown at an 11% compound annual growth rate over the last 10 years. We are on pace to generate double-digit growth again in 2021. Expenses this quarter reflect higher production-related incentives and the investments we continue to make in our franchise in digital, in analytics and in our teammates. Year-to-date, we consolidated 73 branches or approximately 7% of our branch network. These consolidations will drive future cost savings and support ongoing investments. We will continue to look for opportunities to right-size our footprint. Shifting to credit quality. Our trends remained very strong this quarter. Nonperforming loans and criticized loans were all down from the prior quarter and net charge-offs to average loans were 11 basis points. We continue to support our clients while maintaining our moderate risk profile, which has and will continue to position the company to perform well through all business cycles. Finally, we have maintained our strong capital position while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio ended the quarter at 9.6%, above our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. In the third quarter, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase program facilitated by the capital relief from the sale of our indirect auto portfolio. The accelerated share repurchase program is part of our previously disclosed $1.5 billion share authorization. In total, we repurchased $593 million of common stock in the third quarter. Dividends also remain a priority. Our dividend remains above 3%. Our Board of Directors will consider a dividend increase at our meeting next month. I will close by restating that it was another strong quarter. We generated positive operating leverage by growing our top line and managing expenses while continuing to make investments for our future. As always, we remain committed to our disciplined approach to risk management and returning capital to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Don, who will provide more details on the results of the quarter. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Chris. I'm now on Slide 5. For the third quarter, net income from continuing operations was $0.65 per common share. Our results reflected a net benefit from our provision for credit losses, which was largely driven by our strong credit metrics and positive economic outlook. Importantly, we delivered positive operating leverage this quarter. And as Chris said, we expect to deliver positive operating leverage for the year. Total revenues were up 8% compared to the same period last year. We had year-over-year growth in both net interest income and noninterest income. Our return on tangible common equity for the quarter was 18.6%. I'll cover the other items on this slide later in my presentation. Turning to Slide 6. There were 2 major items that impacted loan growth this quarter, PPP loans and the sale of our indirect auto portfolio. Average PPP loans declined $3.3 billion this quarter as we helped clients take advantage of loan forgiveness. We also sold our indirect auto portfolio last month. The sale impacted our third quarter average results by approximately $800 million and $3.3 billion on an ending basis. Average loans were down from the year-ago period, reflecting the reduction in PPP balances and lower commercial line utilization. Compared to the prior quarter, average loans were down 0.7%. Adjusting for the sale of the indirect auto portfolio, our loans were up approximately $100 million on average and up over $1 billion on an ending basis. Adding to the comments on our core loan growth, adjusting for both the indirect auto loan sale and PPP loans our linked quarter total loan growth would have been 4.3%. We continued to see strong consumer loan growth driven by Laurel Road and consumer mortgage. On the commercial side, we were pleased to see a slight uptick in utilization. Continuing on to Slide 7. Average deposits totaled $147 billion for the third quarter of 2021, up $12 billion or 9% compared to the year ago period and up 2% from the prior quarter. The linked quarter and year ago comparisons reflect growth in both commercial and consumer balances. The growth was partially offset by continued and expected decline in time deposits. Total interest-bearing deposit costs came down 1 basis point from the second quarter, following a 2 basis point decline last quarter. We continue to have a strong, stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for approximately 60% of our total deposit mix. Turning to Slide 8. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.025 billion for the third quarter of 2021 compared to $1.006 billion a year ago and $1.023 billion from the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.47% for the third quarter '21 compared to 2.62% for the same period last year and 2.52% for the prior quarter. Both net interest income and net interest margin were meaningfully impacted by the significant growth in our balance sheet compared to a year ago period. The larger balance sheet benefited net interest income but reduced net interest margin due to the significant increase in liquidity driven by strong deposit inflows. Compared to the prior quarter, net interest income increased $2 million and the margin declined 5 basis points. Lower interest-bearing deposit costs and the benefit of the day count were partially offset by lower earning asset yields and continued elevated liquidity levels. For the quarter, total loan fees from PPP loans were $45 million compared to $50 million last quarter. We've also included in the appendix additional detail on our investment portfolio and our asset liability positioning. In the third quarter, our sensitivity to rising rates moved higher and we ended the period with over $25 billion in cash and short-term investments. Moving on to Slide 9. We continue to see strong growth in our fee-based businesses, which have benefited from our ongoing investments. Noninterest income was $797 million for the third quarter of 2021 compared to $681 million for the year ago period and $750 million in the second quarter. Compared to the year ago period, noninterest income increased 17%. We had a record third quarter for investment banking and debt placement fees, which reached $235 million, driven by broad-based growth across the platform, including strong M&A fees. Additionally, corporate services income increased $18 million and commercial mortgage fees increased $16 million. Offsetting this growth was lower consumer mortgage fees due to a lower gain on sale margin. Compared to the second quarter, noninterest income increased by $47 million. The largest driver of this quarterly increase was the record third quarter investment banking and debt placement fees. I'm now on Slide 10. Total noninterest expense for the quarter was $1.112 billion compared to $1.037 billion last year and $1.076 billion in the prior quarter. Our expense levels reflect higher production-related incentives and the investments we have made to drive future growth. The increase from the year ago period primarily reflects higher incentive and stock-based compensation attributed to our higher fee production and Key’s increased stock price. The quarter-over-quarter increase in expenses was primarily driven by 2 areas: the first, personnel expense related to 1 additional day of salary expense in the quarter and slightly higher employee benefits; the second was an increase in other expense of $18 million, largely related pension settlement charge and higher charitable contributions. Now moving to Slide 11. We Overall, credit quality continues to outperform expectations. For the third quarter, net charge-offs were $29 million or 11 basis points of average loans. Net charge-offs in the current quarter included $22 million related to the sale of the indirect auto loan portfolio. Our provision for credit losses was a net benefit of $107 million. This was determined based on our continued strong credit metrics as well as our outlook for the overall economy and loan production. Nonperforming loans were $554 million this quarter or 56 basis points of period-end loans, a decline of $140 million or 20% from the prior quarter. Now on to Slide 12. We ended the third quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.6%, which places us above our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. This provides us with sufficient capacity to continue to support our customers and their borrowing needs and return capital to our shareholders. Importantly, we continue to return capital to our shareholders in accordance with our capital priorities. We repurchased $593 million of common shares during the quarter and our Board of Directors approved a third quarter dividend at $0.185 per common share. Of the $593 million in common share repurchases, $468 million were related to the initial settlement of our accelerated share repurchase program, representing 80% of the $585 million authorization. The remaining $125 million were purchased in the open market. The remaining 20% of the ASR will be settled in the fourth quarter. On Slide 13, similar to prior years, we provided guidance for the fourth quarter relative to our third quarter results. Guidance ranges are listed at the bottom of the slide. Importantly, using midpoints of this outlook would buy PPNR is at or above our full year 2021 outlook provided last quarter. We have adjusted our guidance to reflect our strong third quarter performance especially in our fee-based businesses as well as the continued strength in our credit quality. Average loans will be up low single digits, excluding the impact of the sale of our indirect auto portfolio. We expect continued growth in both our core commercial and consumer balances. Average deposits should remain relatively stable in the fourth quarter. Net interest income is expected to be down low single digits, reflecting lower PPP forgiveness in the fourth quarter and the impact of the auto loan sale. Noninterest come should be relatively stable off our record third quarter performance with momentum in most of our fee-based businesses through year-end. We will also benefit from what we expect to be another record year for our investment banking business. We expect noninterest expense to be down low single digits in the fourth quarter. Moving on to credit quality. We expect our net charge-offs to be below 20 basis points for the fourth quarter. Credit trends were strong in the third quarter, and we expect a strong finish to the year. And our guidance for our GAAP tax rate has remained unchanged at 20%. Finally, shown at the bottom of the slide are our long-term targets, which remain unchanged. We expect to continue to make progress on these targets by maintaining our moderate risk profile in improving our productivity and efficiency, which will drive returns. Overall, it was another strong quarter, and we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our commitments to all of our stakeholders. With that, I will now turn the call back to the operator for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And first with the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: I wanted to start. So on the IB and debt placement fees, right, this has moved from, I think, you were $160 million per quarter pre-pandemic. Now you're running consistently over $200 million per quarter. And we know this is an unusual year for debt issuance. How should we think about this line over the intermediate term? And do we eventually just go back to $160 million?
Chris Gorman: So Steve, it's Chris. As we look at this line, we always look at it kind of on a trailing 12 basis. I don't think we're going back to $160 million. In the last decade, we've grown this, as I mentioned, at a compound annual growth rate of 11%. We continue to add bankers. We continue to further penetrate these niches that we're in. It's a unique business, 7 industry verticals serving the middle market. It is the deal business.  But having said that, we feel really good about the long-term trajectory of the business. I'll give you 1 statistic you might find interesting. This year, we added 5% in terms of incremental bankers and the call activity is up 20%. So I think we're in the right sectors. I think we continue to invest in the business, and I think it's a unique business. I don't think it's going back to $160 million. I do think, over time, it will continue to be a double-digit grower.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. So we should consider this current run rate as a baseline, Chris, is that right?
Chris Gorman: I don't know if I would consider it as a baseline. I mean we always look at it on a trailing 12 basis. But I do think we can continue to grow it, Steve. As you know, you guys are in the deal business, too. You can't sort of annualize 1 quarter, but I do think you can look at long-term trends, and we'll continue to grow it.
Steven Alexopoulos: Yes. Got you. Okay. And on the PPP, can you guys give out what the fees recognized in the quarter were? And maybe, Don, do you have the balance -- end of period balances on PPP?
Don Kimble: Sure, can. The total loan fees realized this quarter were $45 million. That was down from $50 million last quarter. The average balance for our PPP loans was $4.2 billion, and the ending was at $3.1 billion.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. That's helpful. If I could squeeze 1 more in for you, Chris. There's been quite a bit of activity in M&A this year. It's actually a record year. Have you been active at all in exploring M&A opportunities either bank or nonbank?
Chris Gorman: We -- Steve, we're always out there talking to people, particularly in the nonbank space. We have a pretty good track record of buying entrepreneurial businesses and integrating them. Obviously, this year, we bought AQN, which is an analytics firm. We have a long history of investing in and partnering with fintech companies. So we'll continue to be very, very active around sort of niche businesses, whether it's investment banking, boutiques. And then we're always out there. Our job is to always be out there in the marketplace and see what there is out there that could create a lot of value. And so, we're out there, but particularly focused on these niche businesses.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess, if you could just follow up a little bit on the outlook. You've talked about positive operating leverage this year. As we look beyond 2021 you mentioned an opportunity to right-size the branch footprint. Give us some perspective on how big that is. And as we look forward, some of the PPP revenues tail off, how do you think about maintaining that positive operating leverage you heard other banks talk about inflationary pressures impacting expenses? So would love your perspective on that.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, thank you for the question. First of all, operating leverage is very important to us. We're really proud of the fact that we have operating -- positive operating leverage on a year-to-date basis. We will have positive operating leverage for the year 2021. We have not yet pulled together our plans for 2022. We will share that guidance with everybody in our January call. But I can tell you, positive operating leverage is a very important part of how we run the business. It's a huge area of focus when we have all of our business leaders in, we're investing heavily in these businesses, but we have to be able to get the growth for the investment. And to date, obviously, we're getting that, but we'll continue to focus on positive operating leverage. You mentioned inflationary pressures. I don't think there's any question that there's inflationary pressures in the financial services industry. And within our customer base, we clearly are seeing those. And those will be a challenge, I think, for everyone in the economy.
Ebrahim Poonawala: And I guess 1 for you. So looking at your ALM slide disclosure at the end, just talk to us how you're managing the balance sheet as we think about cash deployment given the steepening in the curve we've seen? And where do you want the bank set up 12 months from now in terms of NII sensitivity to 100 basis points higher interest rates?
Don Kimble: It's a great question. And that's something we challenge all the time that you might see from the materials that this quarter, we had some activity in our bond portfolio with purchases of traditional core investments of about $3.7 billion compared to runoff of $2.1 billion that we saw from the cash flows off the existing portfolio. In addition to that, we bought some short-term treasuries of about $4 billion and also the auto securitization transaction ended up increasing our overall bond portfolio by $2.8 billion as well. And so we ended the quarter at about $49 billion of total investments, which is up from the average of $43 billion. What I would say is that we've seen a nice tick up in rates that the purchases we made in the third quarter had an average yield of 135. Those same types of investments at the start of the fourth quarter in the 150 to 160 range. So that would probably give us some opportunity to lean a little heavier into portfolio purchases in the fourth quarter and beyond, and we'll continue to assess that. We're sitting right now on $25 billion of excess liquidity compared with cash positions and short-term treasuries, and we do plan to put that to work over time. And probably see a clip of something in that $4 billion to $5 billion range near term instead of the $3.7 billion that we purchased in the third quarter and maybe moving that up as we get more and more comfortable with where rates are positioned for the long term.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's helpful. And any changes, Don, on Slide 19, I think you lay out $36 billion in portfolio hedges. Is that what's rolling off? Is that number expected to stay steady state over the next year?
Don Kimble: Of those hedges, $22 billion really are true asset liability hedges. The remainder are both debt hedges and also some very specific security hedges for the maturities for the next 12 months, for all 2022. That's a $4.6 billion number as far as the maturity of those swaps. And so -- and just to put that in perspective, the average received fixed rate for those $22 billion in swaps is 1.2%, and the current go-to rate for us would be about 1.1%. So we're seeing markets start to -- rates start to pick up and close that gap that we have as far as that rollover risk.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers: I was hoping you talk about loan growth for just a second, you're certainly starting to see more of a recovery. I'd say the magnitude of yours once you sort of wait through all the noise has maybe been a little bigger than some others out there. To a degree, things like Laurel Road and mortgage, which you guys have talked about quite a bit, offers you some flexibility. But I was hoping you could speak to the commercial side and what's differentiating you guys there. And maybe some comments about what you're seeing in terms of pricing structure, those kinds of things, please.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Let me start, and then Don, I'm sure you'll have some comments on this as well. We are pleased with the trajectory of our loan growth, Scott. You mentioned on the consumer side, our 2 growth engines. Those will both continue. So we feel good about those. As it relates specifically to the commercial side, we've seen a lot of activity around energy, around affordable housing. We're significant players in healthcare and technology. All of those sectors have been active, and the pipelines look strong. As it relates to pricing and structure, we are not giving on structure at all. And I would say there's been sort of a continued erosion of pricing. Think about sort of from pre-pandemic to current sort of a BBB credit and erosion of maybe 25 basis points, that would be kind of a good benchmark.
Don Kimble: I would agree, Chris. And as far as the commercial loans linked quarter absent PPP, we're seeing those balances up over $1.5 billion. I would say of that, about $0.5 billion is coming from increased utilization rates that we saw up about 50 basis points. We saw a little bit of growth in our commercial real estate portfolio, and that really is aided by our focus on affordable housing and some other areas there that have been paying dividends for us. Then the core commercial portfolio itself grew by about $0.5 billion. And I'd say that a good chunk of that is coming from customer growth. And we're seeing the benefit of the additional calling efforts that Chris mentioned and the addition of more bankers on the street to help us drive that growth.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. And then maybe, Don, just a question on the indirect portfolio sale. Does that have any bearing on what you think about sort of the steady-state reserve level. I can't imagine it will be huge just given the starting size of that portfolio, but just would be curious to hear any of your thoughts?
Don Kimble: It really doesn't have a huge impact on it at all. If you look at the reserve levels we had there, they were a little bit less than the average for the overall loan book, but generally in line. So not much of a change there. The 1 thing we continue to watch is that our credit metrics continue to improve and exceed our expectations as far as the relative performance there. And so that's been the main driver as far as some of the adjustments we've seen down as far as our overall reserve levels.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Wanted to follow up on the operating leverage dynamics, specifically in the investment banking fee income line item. Clearly, there's a relationship between that fee income and how you compensate your producers, but how does the rate of growth in revenues in that line item compare to the corresponding expenses over time? How accretive is it to your consolidated operating leverage?
Don Kimble: I would say that historically, we've seen that operating margin held in fairly well for that business, even though we're investing in it. As we see variances from quarter to quarter, we typically see an increase in incentive compensation to about 30% of the change in revenues. And while it's not a strict formula, it tends to work out to be about that range. And I would say as far as the efficiency ratio for this business, it's a little higher than what the core would be overall, but isn't too dilutive to the entire company.
Bill Carcache: Got it. That's helpful. And then separately, can you give a little bit of color on how you'd expect Laurel Road's mortgage volumes and mix to evolve in a higher mortgage rate environment?
Chris Gorman: Yes. So Bill, thanks for your question. So just as you step back and you look at our mortgage business broadly, right now, about 20% of our volume is to doctors. So it's not an inconsequential piece across all of Key. Additionally, our purchase volume right now is about 50%. We're up 60% year-over-year. I think the [MDA] would say those are relatively flat. So I would expect that we'll continue to grow fairly aggressively on the purchase side as it relates to Laurel Road. And obviously, as interest rates go up, the refinance piece of it will obviously be impacted by that.
Don Kimble: And also keep in mind, our target customer for the Laurel Road business. It really is those doctors that are coming off the residency and locating to their permanent assignment. And so step 1 typically is to consolidate their student loans and step 2 would be to buy a house and establish more of a permanent residence. And so even though if rates are going up, we would expect to see some strong purchase volume coming from that targeted customer base as well.
Bill Carcache: Got it. If I may squeeze in 1 last one. Was the strategic rationale behind the exiting of indirect auto lending business, simply a result of your desire to focus on direct relationships with your customers? And with that sale, have you now fully exited indirect consumer lending?
Chris Gorman: Yes. So Bill, there's no question, you're correct there. I mean we are a relationship bank. And specifically, we believe in targeted scale. And if you think about that being really focused on who you do business with and being a relationship bank, clearly, the indirect auto business just is not a relationship business. And so we made the decision to exit the business and then the transaction that we completed just recently with the accelerated share repurchase, just made a whole lot of sense for us because it freed up capital, had a great IRR and frankly, enabled us to eliminate the tail risk at a time when the value of used automobiles was quite high. So that was kind of the strategic logic between exiting the business and executing the transaction we did recently.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Don, just a follow-up on the swap comment, you gave that 4.6 number and talked about it. But I just wanted to understand the broader strategy with the swap book. The 22 now and that [4.6 billion]. Just wondering just how you're thinking about either replacing some of those? And if you could remind us what the benefit was from hedge income -- swap income in this quarter and how you'd expect that to traject?
Don Kimble: Sounds good. The whole thought to the size of the swap book is really to get the end target as far as our asset sensitivity that we have been biasing our position to be much more asset sensitive than we typically would. We're now in our -- we talk about a 6% asset-sensitive position in our slide deck, and that's higher where it would be traditionally. But also available to us going forward in the next year is the redeployment of liquidity. So some of that will be taking out the cash position, which is a variable rate asset, low earnings variable rate asset, but still variable rate and replacing it with long-dated investment securities, and we typically have about a 4-year average life or for those securities. And so we'll have to take that in consideration as to whether or not we just do more of that or we do additional replacements of the swaps. Right now, we've not been replacing any of the swap maturities and we'll continue to reassess that going forward. So that's just generally how we would manage the overall asset sensitivity position of the company. As far as the benefit from the swaps in the third quarter, we had about $76 million of net interest income coming from the swaps. We could see that come down slightly over the next couple of quarters. And then the question will be going forward is what happens with rates. And as the short-term rates move up, you would see that number come down, but we would have seen an offsetting impact from the rates on the commercial loans going up, benefiting from those higher rates. And so that's again, just a summary of where we're positioned today and what impacts there might be going forward.
Ken Usdin: Yes. And as a follow-up, so if you were to just, let's say, that all of that -- the 4.6 go and not replace, do you have an idea of where that 6% asset sensitivity would turn into?
Don Kimble: I would say that, that would probably take us up as far as asset sensitivity, but I don't have the exact rate there. And 1 of the things we'll be monitoring is just what our outlook would be for rates overall and what's the other changes in the balance sheet. So since those swaps are fairly short in duration, it wouldn't have a huge impact in overall asset sensitivity, but just something prospectively that we'd have to evaluate.
Ken Usdin: Understood. And if I could just ask a last clarifying one, Don. Can you just give us what the total PPP income was this quarter versus last?
Don Kimble: The total, which will include the interest on the individual loans was $56 million, including the $45 million in fees last quarter, that was $69 million, including $50 million of fees. And so, that’s just the relative change from quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: A couple of follow-ups on some individual fee categories. Service charges for you guys and others are bouncing back nicely. Do you think that's -- obviously, there's some seasonality and just kind of inherent recovery. But do you think it might also be a bit of a leading indicator that some consumers are spending down their excess liquidity and could start borrowing more? Or what are you driving that?
Don Kimble: One, if we look at the individual balances of our retail customers, we're seeing balances maintained, if not growing across the Board, even though the smallest customers as far as average deposit balances. And so we're not seeing a lot of change there that I would say that, to your point, some seasonality, some activity level, we're seeing activity levels pick up, and that's driving service charges up. And more importantly for us is we're seeing household and customer growth. And we've had record growth for the first 9 months of this year that exceeds what we had previously originated as far as net new households in a full year. And so we're seeing strong growth there, which also does translate to increased fee activity for us as well.
Chris Gorman: Matt, just to give you some numbers from the first quarter of 2020, our merchant business, up 49%; purchase cards up 39%; retail payments in general are up 28%. So to Don's point, there's a lot of velocity.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then separately, the trust fees were down a little bit and flat linked quarter and flat year-over-year. Obviously, a good backdrop in markets. What's going on there? And then remind us how much money market waivers are embedded in those results as well for when rates rise and you recover that.
Don Kimble: Yes. As far as the trust fee income that the biggest driver there really was commercial brokerage activity, and that was down linked quarter and year-over-year. If you look at the core private banking revenues, those were up for each of those periods, and retail investment sales are down slightly linked quarter because of seasonality but up year-over-year. And so those are the main drivers there. And then -- I'm sorry, Matt, your last question, I forget what that was. I apologize.
Matt O'Connor: Any money market waivers that are embedded in that line that when rates rise, you'll recover?
Don Kimble: I really don't have any money market waivers there at all. We don't manage any money market funds, and so that really doesn't trip our revenues there.
Operator: Next question is from Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: Chris, I wanted to ask on capital. I'm just wondering with the improved credit risk profile, the outlook for the economy is getting better. Would you consider moving the capital target maybe to the low end of 9 to 9.5 or even take it below the low end?
Chris Gorman: Peter, we still believe that 9 to 9.5 is the right number as we think about our business. There's obviously a lot of variables. Could we be in the lower portion of 9 to 9.5? Depending on the scenario we could, but we do not intend to lower the target of 9 to 9.5 of CET1.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then, Don, if I can ask just in terms of the fourth quarter outlook, could you talk about the average loan growth in that net intercom excluding PPP and then also with the net interest income, excluding the impact of the sale of the indirect auto?
Don Kimble: Sure, could. But as far as the average loan growth that we've talked about up low single digits, up 1% to 3%, excluding the impact of the indirect auto. If we added on the impact of the PPP forgiveness and loan balance expectations there, that would add another $1.8 billion to the overall loan growth. So almost 2%, so that would take it from a low single digit to a mid-single-digit kind of growth expectation on a linked quarter basis. And so something similar to what we reported essentially this quarter.  As far as the NII outlook, I would say that there's 2 things that are impacting NII outlook for the fourth quarter, you hit on one, which is PPP. And we would expect probably in the neighborhood of a $10 million or so type of decline in PPP revenues. The other is the indirect auto loan sale that as a result of the sale, our net interest income will be down, but our fee income will be up. We essentially received 75 basis points for servicing those loans. And so you will see a decline in NII of about $10 million and an increase of fee income in the range of $5 million to help offset that. And those are kind of the moving parts and pieces.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Eric Chan with Wells Fargo Securities.
Eric Chan: I have a question that relates to tech. So as you guys have retold the bank, I was just wondering if you could speak a little bit about how the role of fintech partnerships have changed for Key? And if possible, perhaps you could give us the number of fintech partners that you guys currently work with?
Chris Gorman: Sure, Eric. Thanks for your question. So our relationship with fintech partners has really been both important and helpful for us. As a bank, we were in early. And I think it's really helped us successfully execute our targeted scale strategy. Frankly, it's helped us kind of with our client service strategy, our sales strategy. It's also clearly contributed to our thinking as we developed our technology road map. We are clearly tied into the entire fintech ecosystem. And our unique strategy is both known and understood by the fintech community, which is helpful. Going to your question of how many relationships we have, I would say, today, we have probably 10 client-facing relationships we literally have dozens of infrastructure relationships with fintechs because we're sort of known in the whole ecosystem, we see a lot, maybe 15 or 20 opportunities every single month that we kind of sort through. Kind of if you step back and take a look and think about kind of from a strategic perspective, our targeted scale strategy, it just makes us a great partner because we have such distinct client groups. And obviously, as you're developing software, that's really helpful. What we have done at Key is in Laurel Road as we've built this national digital affinity bank, which is a relationship approach to digital banking. What fintechs really are best at is really solving 1 pain point and doing it extremely well. So it's been a good relationship probably for -- I can certainly say for us, and I'm sure it's been a good relationship for the fintechs as well.
Eric Chan: Yes, that's helpful. And then just kind of a follow-up on to that. So how do you guys determine which strategy to follow when it comes to actually building in-house or partnering of fintechs, so to say, just kind of like on a high level, what are your thoughts there?
Chris Gorman: It starts with the client out. We are a relationship-driven bank. And so we have these distinct client groups that we're pursuing. And to the extent we can partner, invest with a fintech that can make us more impactful in the market serving that specific client set. We will enter into some partnership. We'll invest in them. To the extent it doesn't help us compete and win in the marketplace and solve a specific pain point for our targeted customers, we take a pass. Now as I mentioned, that's on the client-facing stuff. In the infrastructure space, we have dozens and dozens. And obviously, the criteria there is it cheaper and faster to buy it versus build it.
Operator: Next question is from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys give us some color? Credit obviously has been great for you and your peers. You've already given us guidance for the second quarter net charge-off number, which is lower than your long-term numbers that you have 40 basis points to 60 basis points through the cycle. When do you think we start creeping up for a normality? And I'm not talking about a recession, but do you think you stay at this lower level for another quarter or 2, and then we start creeping up later in '22 or into '23?
Chris Gorman: So let me take a pass at that, Gerard. The answer is, we don't know. We've got really good clarity. Obviously, as we look into the fourth quarter, we gave guidance of 20 basis points. Interestingly enough, our results this quarter, while we report 11 basis points, it's really closer to 2 when you take out the $22 million that relates to indirect auto. I think we are in -- I can speak for Key. I think the derisking that we've gone about for the last 10 years is going to serve us extremely well. We won't stay at a level this low. But I actually think, as we look into 2022, you're still going to see us below our targeted range of 40 basis point to 60 basis points.
Don Kimble: Gerard, I would agree with Chris' comments there. A couple of things to think about. One is as far as our overall credit quality position, for many of the metrics today, we're actually better than what we were pre-pandemic. So if you look at nonperforming loans, nonperforming assets, the delinquency stats for consumer and commercial loans are all better than where they were pre-pandemic. Our criticized and classified are a little higher than what they were before the pandemic, but coming down dramatically. And we've seen incremental improvements this quarter that are outpacing what we've seen before that. And so that would suggest that things are going to be good for some time. But at the same time, I would think that you're probably going to see the consumers start to turn a little sooner. They've been the beneficiary of so much stimulus. And if that starts to slow and go away like we would expect it to, you would start to see some of that start to return to more normal levels over time as well. And then the commercial customer, while it's still flushed with liquidity, but we just aren't seeing the early signs of that there's going to be some challenges down the road. And so I think that we're going to be in a period for some time where we're going to see charge-offs below the low end of guidance ranges across the industry.
Chris Gorman: I think, Gerard, 1 of the first things you'll see is in the small business sector, the inability to pass through what are some pretty significant price and wage increases. And I think that will be the beginning of a bit of a pressure on the commercial side, particularly with smaller customers that have less pricing power.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then as a follow-up, Chris, 2 things. One, when you look at your investment banking numbers, which, of course, were very strong, record levels, $235 million, can you give us a flavor for how does that break out M&A advisory versus DCM, et cetera, and compare that to first quarter last year? But then second, in your prepared bullets, it looked like you pointed out that you retained 20% of the business on the loans. And I thought that seemed high because normally, I thought you sold 90% of it are more off, but if any of those 2 questions.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So Gerard, we've never broken out each of the different components, our investment banking fees. I can tell you that our M&A business was extremely strong. And you can imagine the equity business was very strong, given that we have a focus on technology. So those were a couple just bright spots broadly. As it relates to our mix of what's distributed and what we put on our balance sheet, it's actually been very consistent over a long period of time. We've always basically held of the credits that we take on. We've always held about 20% on our balance sheet. So we really haven't dialed that up at all. We've been just maintaining our moderate risk profile and taking advantage of what are some pretty attractive markets out there.
Operator: And next, we'll go to John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: I appreciate the color you've given around the loan growth activity that you're seeing. I'm curious how you're thinking that interprets into 2022 in terms of the type of on-balance sheet loan growth that you could see. Just wondering if you can give us a little bit of color on how you're thinking about that and curious how that could play into the full year?
Chris Gorman: John, thanks for your question. We will be addressing our view on 2022 in January. But what's interesting about our model is there's a lot of variables. And depending on what the market conditions are, you could see us -- going back to the previous question, you could see us maybe putting more on our balance sheet if some of the markets went in, they're right now functioning very, very well, went into dislocation. But we'll have a specific view for you when we report in January.
John Pancari: Got it. All right, Chris, thanks. And then separately, on the expense side, I know you’ve talked about wage inflation. And how are you thinking about what it could add to expense levels as you look at full year expectations? I know you're not giving 2022 guidance, but around the wage inflation topic specifically. Just curious about annualized expense impact, how do you think about that?
Chris Gorman: Yes. So the biggest impact to date for us has obviously been those variable structures, principally in investment banking and in our mortgage business that are driven by business flows and the fact that those businesses have grown. Your question is a good 1 in that we have had to, particularly at the low end of the entry level in -- throughout Key and also in the kind of the junior banker area. We have, in fact, had to increase wages there. And Don, can you give us some specifics on what the impact of that is on an annualized basis?
Don Kimble: Our total salary expense each year is about $1.3 billion. And I would say that those 2 components probably have cost us somewhere in the range of about $15 million to $20 million a year. So it's a little over 1% cost as far as the impact there overall. But it's something we'll continue to evaluate. And as Chris highlighted, we're seeing that in the entry-level type of positions. And we're also starting to see some of that in other more specialty areas as well. And so we'll have to assess as we go into next year, what kind of targets we'll have as far as salary expense overall.
John Pancari: Got it. But that $15 million to $20 million per year, that's mainly on the lower end wages in the junior banker areas?
Don Kimble: You got it. Yes. Got it.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. And then lastly, just 1 question around your tech side of the shop. Just curious in terms of -- if you can update us on your -- the size of your tech budget and how that's been growing annually? And then perhaps how much is split between growing the bank versus running the bank?
Chris Gorman: Sure. So broadly, our spend is about $800 million a year. Of that, about $200 million is spent on development. Of the $200 million, about half of it is client facing. The other half is core. One of the great things is we've been updating our technology over a long period of time, and we actually have to spend a little less in that category, which frees up more dollars for some of the development on the front end. The other thing that we also have been doing is we've been buying a lot of niche businesses that have actually brought a lot of technology to us. Obviously, Laurel Road would be an example of that, AQN would be an example of that. And that's really tech investment that is outside of what we would think about in terms of our tech budget.
Operator: And with no further questions, I'll turn the call over to you, Mr. Gorman for any closing comments.
Chris Gorman: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, 216-689-4221. This concludes our remarks, and we appreciate everybody's time. Thank you. Goodbye.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Chris Gorman. Please go ahead sir.
Chris Gorman: Well thank you for joining us for KeyCorp’s second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today are Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. On Slide 2 you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosures and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I'm now moving to Slide 3. We delivered another strong quarter with earnings per share of $0.72. This is an increase of 18% from the first quarter and up significantly from the year ago period. Our results reflect our success in acquiring and deepening relationships across our franchise, further improvement in credit quality and contributions from targeted investments. We generated positive operating leverage on a year-to-date basis and remain on track to deliver positive operating leverage for the full-year. We generated record second quarter revenue driven by an 8% year-over-year increase in non-interest income. In our consumer business, we experienced record growth in new households in the first six months in every one of our markets and in every age group. Importantly, some of our strongest growth has come from younger clients in the western part of our franchise. Our new client growth over the past six months exceeds our growth in any full-year period over the last decade. Additionally, our consumer business generated over 4 billion in loan originations for the quarter. Mortgage originations reached another all time high, and we expect to exceed last year's record level of 8.3 billion for the full-year. Laurel Road also had another strong quarter despite the federal student loan holiday. Since the launch of our National Digital Bank, Laurel Road for doctors, we have added over 2,500 new doctors and dentists. The launch was an important milestone in our digital journey, which brings together several critical elements of our strategy, targeted scale, digital, healthcare, and primacy. Moving to our commercial businesses, we had another strong quarter. Our investment banking business generated fees of 217 million, a record second quarter level, and the second highest quarterly level in our history. We experienced growth across the entire platform. We have grown this business consistently over the past decade, and we expect to grow it again in 2021.  Importantly, this is a business driven primarily by repeat clients. Our pipelines are currently at record levels supporting our strong growth outlook for the business. This quarter, we raised $21 billion for our clients, of which we retained approximately 20% on our balance sheet. Expenses this quarter reflect higher production related incentives, and the investments we continue to make across our franchise, in digital, in analytics, and in our teammates. Let me highlight just a few of these investments. I've already mentioned Laurel Road and the launch of our National Digital Bank. Not only have we accelerated client acquisition, but our new clients are doing more with us with approximately half of our new doctor and dentists using multiple products. We also continue to build out our analytic capabilities, including our recent acquisition of AQN Strategies, we have doubled the size of our analytics team. Year-to-date, we have increased our senior bankers by 5% in our targeted growth areas. This has resulted in a 21% increase in client pitches on a year-to-date basis. We also consolidated 54 branches this quarter with an additional 14 planned for next quarter. These consolidations will drive future cost savings and support our ongoing investments. Shifting to credit quality, our trends remain positive this quarter. Non-performing loans, net charge-offs, and criticized loans were all down from the prior quarter, and net charge-offs to average loans were 9 basis points. We continue to support our clients while maintaining our moderate risk profile, which has and will continue to position the company to perform well through all business cycles. Finally, we have maintained our strong capital position while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. Our common equity Common Equity Tier 1 ratio ended the quarter at 9.9%, which is above our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. Our strong capital position enables us to continue to execute against each of our capital priorities, namely organic growth, dividends, and share repurchases. Combining our share repurchases and dividends paid this quarter, we have returned capital representing $0.50 a share for an annualized return of capital of approximately 11% at our current valuation. Earlier this month, our board of directors approved a new share repurchase authorization of up to 1.5 billion beginning in the third quarter of this year, and continuing through the third quarter of 2022. The board will also evaluate an increase to our common stock dividend in the fourth quarter of 2021.  Overall, I was very pleased with the quarter, which reflects the hard work and dedication of our team. We grew our top line and we made targeted investments to position the company for continued growth. As always, we remain committed to our disciplined approach to risk management and our commitment to return capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Don who will provide more details on the results of the quarter. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Chris. I'm now on Slide 5. As Chris said, it was a strong quarter with net income from continuing operations of $0.72 per common share, up 18% from the prior quarter and 4 times from the year ago period. The quarter reflected a net benefit from our provision for credit losses. The reserve release was largely driven by our strong credit metrics and expected improvement in the economic environment and importantly, we generated a record second quarter revenue driven by strength in our fee-based businesses. Our reported return on tangible common equity for the quarter was 22.3%. Adjusting for the reserve release, our ROTCE was 16% within our targeted range of 16% to 19%. I will cover the other items on the slide later in my presentation. Turning to Slide 6, total average loans were $101 billion, down 7% from the second quarter of last year. C&I loans were down $9 billion, reflecting decreased utilization levels. Consumer loans were up 9%, benefiting from continued growth from Laurel Road and as Chris mentioned record performance from our consumer mortgage business. Combined, we had over $4 billion of originations this quarter between our residential mortgage and Laurel road production. The investments we've made in these areas continue to drive results, and importantly, at high quality loans and relationships. Linked quarter average loan balances were relatively flat, as commercial loans declined due to the commercial utilization rates, partly offset by growth in PPP loans. Consumer loans grew 2% again related to the continued strength from our consumer mortgage and lower road. PPP average balances were $7.5 billion for the quarter, up from $7 billion in the first quarter. The PPP balances ended the quarter at $5.7 billion, reflecting $2.8 billion of forgiveness, and $900 million of new production. Continuing on the Slide 7, average deposits totaled $144 billion in the second quarter of 2021, up $16 billion or 13%, compared to the year ago period, and up 5% from the prior quarter. The linked quarter and year ago comparisons reflect growth in both commercial and consumer balances, which benefited from government stimulus. The growth was partially offset by a continued and expected decline in time deposits. Total interest bearing costs came down another 2 basis points from the first quarter following a 3 basis point decline last quarter. We continue to have a strong stable core deposit base, with consumer deposits accounting for over 60% of our total deposit mix.  Turning to Slide 8, taxable equivalent net interest income was 1.023 billion for the second quarter of 2021, compared to 1.025 billion a year ago and 1.012 billion from the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.52% for the second quarter, compared to 2.76% from the same period last year, and 2.61% for the prior quarter. Both net interest income and net interest margin were mainly impacted by the significant growth in our balance sheet compared to the year ago period. The larger balance sheet benefited net interest income, but reduced the net interest margin due to the significant increase in liquidity driven by strong deposit inflows. Compared to the prior quarter, net interest income increased $11 million and the margin declined 9 basis points. Lower interest bearing deposit cost and higher loan fees from PPP forgiveness were offset by lower earning asset yields and continue to elevate liquidity levels. For the quarter, PPP loan fees, including the impact of forgiveness total $50 million, up $2 million from the prior quarter. The significant built in liquidity continues to be the largest driver of our net interest margin. We are maintaining around $20 billion in excess cash. Cumulatively, excess liquidity has negatively impacted our net interest margin by about 35 basis points, with 7 basis points of incremental impact for the second quarter. Moving to Slide 9, we've continued to see strong growth in our fee-based businesses, which have benefited` from the investments we've made. Non-interest income was $750 million for the second quarter of 2021, compared to 692 million for the year ago period, and 738 million in the first quarter. Compared to the year ago period, non-interest income increased 8%. We had a record second quarter for investment banking and debt placement fees, which reached $217 million driven by broad-based growth across the platform, including strong M&A fees. Commercial mortgage servicing fees increased $32 million. Cards and payments income also increased $22 million related to broad-based growth across product categories, including debit, credit, and merchant products. This growth was offset by lower consumer mortgage fees resulting from lower gains on sale margin, and also the impact of MSR valuation changes. Lower operating lease income resulted from leveraged lease gains in the year ago period. Compared to the first quarter, noninterest income increased by $12 million. The largest driver of the quarterly increase was a record second quarter and the second highest ever quarter for investment banking and debt placement fees. Service charges on deposit accounts and commercial mortgage servicing income also showed strength versus the prior quarter. These were partially offset by lower other income due to positive market related valuation adjustments in the prior period, offset by negative adjustments in the current quarter. And now on Slide 10, total non-interest expense for the quarter was $1.076 billion, compared to $1.013 billion last year, and $1.071 billion in the prior quarter. Our expense levels reflect production related incentives and the investments we've made to drive future growth. We have highlighted some of the significant investments on the lower left of this slide. We continue to invest in Laurel Road, including the launch of the national digital bank, including spend in marketing and technology. We also grew senior relationship bankers by 5% year-to-date in our target and focus areas, including [renewable theme] that we added in May. We've also continued to invest in our digital capabilities, as well as analytics. Our analytics team has grown by 2.5 times, including our recent acquisition of AQN. The increase from the prior year is primarily in personnel expense related to higher production related incentive compensation, and an increase in our stock price.  Employee benefit costs also increased $16 million as healthcare related costs were low in the second quarter of last year. Computer processing expense this quarter was elevated related to the software investments across the platform. Compared to the prior quarter, non-interest expense was relatively stable, higher incentive and stock based compensation was offset by seasonally lower employee benefit cost. Marketing costs were up $5 million, primarily related to the launch of the Laurel Road for Doctors. I'm now on Side 11. Overall credit quality continues to outperform expectations. For the second quarter, net charge-offs were $22 million or 9 basis points of average loans. Our provision for credit losses was a net benefit of $222 million. This was determined based on our continued strong credit metrics, as well as our outlook for the overall economy. Non-performing loans were $694 million this quarter or 69 basis points of period in loans, a decline of $34 million from the prior quarter. Additionally, criticized loans declined and the over 90-day delinquencies improved quarter-over-quarter.  Now on to Slide 12. Key’s capital position remains an area of strength. We ended the second quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.9%, which places us above our target range of 9% to 9.5%. This provides us with sufficient capacity to continue to support our customers and their borrowing needs and return capital to our shareholders. Importantly, we continue to return capital to our shareholders in accordance with our capital priorities. We repurchased $300 million of common shares during the quarter and our Board of Directors authorized a second quarter dividend of $0.185 per common share. As Chris mentioned, combined, this return of capital represents $0.50 a share this quarter, and an annualized return of 11% of our current valuation. Earlier this month, the Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase authorization of up to $1.5 billion beginning in the third quarter of this year, and continuing through the third quarter of 2022. The board will also evaluate an increase of the common stock dividend in the fourth quarter of 2021. On Slide 13, we provide our updated full-year 2021 outlook, which we've adjusted to reflect our outlook for the remainder of the year. Consistent with our prior guidance, we expect to deliver positive operating leverage this year. Average loans are still expected to be relatively stable, reflecting continued momentum in our consumer areas, the impact of the PPP program, and a pickup in commercial loan growth later this year. We expect deposits to be up high single digits reflecting the continued outperformance we have seen today. We will continue to benefit from our low cost deposit base. Net interest income is now expected to be relatively stable, reflecting the low rate environment, as well as the slightly lower than expected loan balances. Our net interest margin will continue to reflect the impact of excess liquidity on our balance sheet. Non-interest income should be now up in the high single digit to low-double-digit range, reflecting the broad-based growth in most of our core fee-based businesses, including what is expected to be another record year for our investment banking business. Given the stronger revenue outlook, we now expect non-interest expense to be up low-single-digits with a primary driver being higher production related incentives. As we identified on our expense slide, we're also continuing to invest in areas that will drive future growth namely teammates, technology, and also rolling out new capabilities such as Laurel Road. This does not change our focus on core expenses and driving further efficiencies, including our commitment to generate positive operating leverage for the year. Moving to credit quality, we have reduced our net charge-off guidance once again, which is now expected to be in the 20 basis point to 30 basis point range for the year. This reflects the quality of our portfolio, our current outlook and performance to date. And our guidance for the GAAP tax rate has increased to 20% for the full-year, reflecting the higher expected earnings for this year. Finally, shown at the bottom of slide are our long-term targets, which remain unchanged. We expect to continue to make progress on these targets by maintaining our moderate risk profile, and improving our productivity and efficiency, which will drive returns. Overall, it was another strong quarter, and we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our commitments to all of our shareholders. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions in the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes to the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Scott Siefers: Thanks, guys. Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Hey, good morning Scott.
Scott Siefers: Hey, guess first question is on, sort of C&I utilization and the outlook for improving trends in the second half. So, definitely understand the rationale for it. Just curious, sort of what's giving you that confidence and I guess maybe more specifically, are you seeing any pickup in utilization or did you see any throughout the courses of the second quarter? Just maybe any color there would be quite helpful.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Scott. So it, kind of as you think about and we always look at revolver utilization and see it in the C&I space. And so typically, for us, it's been mid-30s for a long time. It would have peaked last year at 40 when people were drawing on their lines, right. And it's been a steady grind down to 27, where we are now. Now, the good news is, is that it is stabilized at 27. And as we look at, kind of some of the metrics we think we've stabilized at 27. The other part of your question about what gives us comfort that we'll be able to have C&I growth in the back half, and you're right. We're guiding the relatively stable loans throughout 2021. Our consumer business will be the growth engine, but kind of the green shoots so to speak that we see in C&I are sort of as follows. Leasing, which we think is a leading indicator. Our pipelines are up 35% year-over-year. And for us, Scott as you know, that's typically around renewables, technology, and healthcare, which are some of our focus areas. Other things that I think will help us is our focus on both technology and healthcare and also our subspecialties in renewables and affordable housing. And then lastly, the only other thing I would add is, our M&A pipeline is at record levels and that generally pulls through financings as well. That's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Scott Siefers: Okay, that's perfect, and I definitely appreciate that. And then Don, I was hoping I could ask you about that, I guess it's on Page 18 of the release. We've got the securities yields, can you go into and I apologize, if I missed it in your remarks, but just that pretty substantial increase in the securities available for sale yield, what's going on there?
Don Kimble: I would say that, as far as the – actually, I'm trying to go back to the page you're referring to. I apologize.
Scott Siefers: Yeah, sorry. More specifically it says the 3.13 yield on securities available for sale versus like 1.76 in the first quarter.
Don Kimble: We'll have to get back to you on that, Scott. Because I would say that if we look at the total portfolio overall that we will see a yield closer to the 2.30 range overall. I would say that part of the first quarter of 2021 might be the impact of the short-term treasuries and would have had a change there. But we'll follow-up with you on that overall, because if you look at the net interest income for the first quarter of 2021 versus the second quarter of 2021, it's only changed by about $3 million. So, we'll clarify that for you. So, I apologize.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. I just want to make sure there wasn't some accounting change or something that was – was obvious that I wasn’t aware of. So…
Chris Gorman: That’s okay.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Awesome. Thanks a lot Don, appreciate it.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes to the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Bill Carcache: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Carcache: Can you remind us what kind of rate environment is necessary to achieve the long-term targets, particularly the efficiency in ROTCE targets that you guys have on the bottom of Slide 13?
Don Kimble: We would believe that rates will help achieving each of those. I would say that just from the return on tangible common equity, though, that we had highlighted that we acknowledge that the reported isn't sustainable at a 22% plus range, but if you back up reserve release, I guess it’s a 16%. And even if you normalize the current quarter, for normalized credit cost of say, $80 million to $90 million a quarter, we're in that 15% range. And then if you adjust for our outsized capital position, that still brings us back close to that 16% kind of return on tangible common equity level based on the current year's performance. And so, as far as the efficiency ratio, we are down to the 59%, [59.9]. We also have some unusual activity in there related to certain government support programs, but those would normalize. We'd be toward the 59% range and would allow us to continue to make progress as we see enhancements in our operating results to drive that down closer to that 54% to 56% range long-term.
Bill Carcache: That's helpful. Thank you. And Chris and Don, can you expand on your Laurel Road comments, how far through their medical school journey is a typical customer before they're acquired? What's the secret sauce that differentiates Laurel Road from other lenders? And at the end of their medical school journey, where are the wealth management opportunities, just those types of, if you could just paint the picture for us?
Chris Gorman: Sure. So, the typical point of capture for our customers at Laurel Road is when they begin their fellowship. So, think about somebody that is accredited, that's a doctor. That is – wouldn't be unusual for them to have $200,000 of debt and have FICO score of like 770, and it's a great time for us to bring a new customer onto the platform because typically they're being placed through the matching process and at that point, not only you know, do they refinance their debt, but thankfully for us, they do a lot of other things. A lot of times they buy their first house and get a mortgage. We also have now have the ability to, you know, savings payments, so we can offer a digital based, kind of full relationship. And what that does for us is, not only does it enable us to capture these customers, it gets us out of the 15 state footprint because we can target these customers throughout the country. So far, we've targeted the 1.5, I'm sorry, 1.1 million doctors and dentists. We'll build that out in concentric circles. The next build out will be nurses that number about 4.4 million, is that helpful?
Bill Carcache: That's very helpful. Thank you. Appreciate you taking the questions.
Don Kimble: Sure, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
John Pancari: Good morning. 
Chris Gorman: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: I appreciate the colors you gave on the commercial loan growth outlook. On the consumer side, can you maybe elaborate a little bit more maybe unpack the expectation, the growth expectation as you look at the different portfolios? I know you're constructive on your – on the Laurel Road progress there, maybe if you can help us size up the growth expectation on balance sheet and then separately in terms of on the mortgage side? I'm interested in, you know what type of balance sheet retention you expect coming out of your production there? Thanks.
Chris Gorman: Yeah. So, let me start with the mortgage and give you, kind of a flavor for that. Our mortgage business, which obviously has enjoyed a lot of growth, we generate about 55% on the purchase side. 45% is actually sold. About 70%, I'm sorry, 55% is purchase, 45% is refinance, 70% is on balance sheet. And interestingly, as it ties into the discussion we were just having, about 20% of that is to doctor's just as a point. So, we're expecting that business to continue to grow. As I said, we originated 8.3 billion last year, and we will exceed that this year. Laurel Road continues and as I mentioned, in spite of the loan, federal loan holiday, they continue to generate good numbers. This quarter they generated about 400 million of new loans. And we would expect that to continue to grow as well.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you, that's helpful. And then in terms of your excess liquidity, I know you are sitting at about 20 billion, if you could just maybe help us in terms of your thoughts on what options you have there as you look at the bond portfolio, which is understandably tougher right now, as well as incremental swaps, can you just talk about the potential opportunity to redeploy?
Don Kimble: Sure. You’re right there. We're seeing about $20 billion of cash. We also have about $5 billion worth of short dated treasuries in our bond portfolio as well. And so we do have plenty of excess liquidity. We would typically target say, between $1 billion and $2 billion of liquidity from that perspective. And so, even if we turned around and invest it in today's rate environment, it would be a meaningful lift. In the second quarter, we bought about $2.2 billion worth of securities that had an average yield of a [141]. Today's – our market environment would still have a, say 125, 130 range for the same type of securities. And so, if you look at a $20 billion of excess liquidity and apply that kind of a yield to it, it would be a lift of over $200 million, probably closer to 250, as far as the added revenues compared to where we would be today. And so that is meaningful.  That being said, we're still looking for opportunities to when we start to invest. We've been more holding water, as far as replacing some of the runoff with new purchases, but we do expect rates over the next several quarters to start picking up again and given us some opportunities to buy there. On the hedge or swap portfolio that you might have seen in the slide deck that we actually terminated swaps that were maturing throughout 2021. And so the value of those swaps – the notional value of the swap book has actually declined. We're not looking to add additional swaps, but we’ll continue to assess that and just assessing the overall asset sensitivity. Right now, we don't have a whole lot of downside risk because rates – even if they do go below zero, we have a lot of floors in place in some of our commercial portfolios. And so we're protected on the downside. And so, we're again looking for some more opportunities to start to deploy some of that excess cash.
John Pancari: Got it. Thanks, Don. It's helpful.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Winter: Can you talk about the outlook for the cards and payments business between, you know, the core growth and maybe some slowdown in the prepaid activity from the government stimulus, and just the impact on the expense from that?
Chris Gorman: Yeah. So, you kind of have to bifurcate the two of them. We've seen strong growth, kind of across the board in cards and payments. The spend, both credit and debit is up about 25% Peter year-over-year. Now, as it relates specifically to prepaid, and keep in mind, our prepaid assume that our revenues and expenses about equal each other, we would expect prepaid to wind down, but we would still expect to see growth in cards and payments based on the underlying growth of the other pieces and parts of the business.
Don Kimble: And Peter, just to provide a little more clarity there as well, that the prepaid revenues and expenses were both about $37 million or as the fee income and the expenses in the current quarter. And so we would expect to start seeing that line down throughout the second half of the year.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks. That's helpful. And then, Don if I could just ask, maybe if you can give some color, maybe about what the margin outlook for the second half of the year?
Don Kimble: Well, I would say there's a number of factors that impact that. One is liquidity levels, and that's been the big determinant, as far as the overall margin. And in this last quarter, we saw that 7 of the 9 basis point decline was related to the impact of higher levels of liquidity. But our outlook would not assume that liquidity position build from here. And so we shouldn't see that kind of pressure given the overall loan balances and deposit outlook.  We'll also see some impact from PPP that as I mentioned earlier on the call that we had about $50 million in fee income coming through from the PPP loan balances for forgiveness and other fee recognition. We would expect to see that the client as well. And so we'd see some modest decline on the NIM from the core impact of lower rates and the PPP program, but should not see the same pressure for liquidity going forward.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Your line is open.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning, Chris. Good morning, Don.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Don, can you talk a little bit about credit quality in the sense that in the net charge-off number that [was as 9] basis points, were there any material recoveries that helped drive that number down? And then second, when you show your data on Slide 21, it's obviously very strong and even stronger than first quarter 2020 when the day one, well, the day one reserves were obviously established at the beginning of 2020, but with the outlook for the economy arguably being stronger today than it was on the day one number, what's the likelihood that your reserves today, which I think was 160 some odd basis points versus what they were in the day one, I think 122 basis points of your reserve levels to loans coming down closer to the day one or maybe even surpassing that number?
Don Kimble: All good questions Gerard. I would say as far as recoveries, we did have recoveries of about $20 million that were unusual and even adjusting for that our net charge-offs would have been 17 basis points for the quarter. So, still very low, absent that one recovery. If you look at the CECL reserves that we have, that I think your math is pretty close to where we would see it as well as is that while the economic outlook is probably stronger on a relative basis as far as improvements from here. I would say that if you look at the underlying nature of the portfolio, we still have a little bit higher level of criticized classified loans today than what we did with as of January 1 of last year and so it would suggest that we should have a higher level of reserve. That being said, we've continued to increase our qualitative component to the reserve. And so, if you look at the qualitative component, along with certain model overlays, it's about 25% of the total reserves. So, it's higher than what we would have expected in a CECL world to deploy. And it's just given some of the uncertainty as to how things will continue to evolve from here, and could allow the opportunity to see some further reserve releases. Now, I don't want to set the expectation that we're going to have another $220 million negative provision expense or reserve recapture in the near term quarters, but we do expect to see that reserve level probably continue to trend down from here to reflect the current status of our loan quality and the economic outlook that we're seeing in front of us.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you. And then maybe, Chris, you guys talked about, you know, the strength that you saw in the quarter in investment banking, and you also pointed to that, as a result of that the production related incentive expenses were higher, and you're guided a little higher for the remainder of the year, can you frame out for us, because we've heard this from a few of your peers about the, you know, production related incentives as “being a good expense”, what's the relationship for the dollar revenue that this expense represents, you know, for every dollar of this expense that you get an incremental dollar and a half of revenue, is there any way you're framing that out for us?
Chris Gorman: Yeah, and it's – first of all, it's a great question, and it's one we look at all the time. Clearly, that business does have operating leverage, you can think about, you know, half of about $0.50 on the dollar falling to the bottom line, just as a rule of thumb, that obviously depends if they're M&A revenues, if they're financing revenues, it's fairly complex.  The other thing that is in there, Gerard, that is part of the equation is we continue to invest heavily in new bankers, and typically new bankers, you have to pay a little bit of money upfront. And we always think it takes about 18 months on our, you know, very intricate platform to be really, really productive. So, part of what you're seeing is a lag that's part of the hiring that we've done around in the business as well.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay, thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Ken Usdin: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Just a follow-up on the pipeline on the Laurel Road side, now, how fast do you expect the new digital bank to be able to ramp up, and you know, how quickly could we see that layer into the production levels as you go forward?
Chris Gorman: Sure, Tim. Well, thanks for the question. Just to give you kind of a starting point, right now, the nice thing about that business is we already have a fair amount of critical mass. We've got about 46,000 we call the members, customers. And we have since legal day one, we've funded about [$5.3 billion]. I think what you'll see and what we're going to do as we go forward is to lay out sort of the path for growth for Laurel Road. But what you'll see is we’ll continue to capture a lot of clients, and we will see it being a material contributor to Key as we go forward.
Ken Usdin: And any updates in terms of the types of yields that you're seeing now in that marketplace? And does the does the new business look any different than that in terms of what you can get on those loans?
Don Kimble : I would say that when we look at the new originations, we're looking for something with a spread compared to the cost of funds that we assigned to of about 240 basis points, which is up from when we originally started about 220, a couple years ago. So, pricing has held up well. And it's something that we'll continue to manage going forward.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And last follow up, Don, any update in terms of like the pacing of the indirect portfolio run off and how quickly you expect that to dissipate? Thanks.
Don Kimble: Yeah. We've got a little over $3.5 billion left of that. And I would say that it runs off somewhere close to $400 million to $500 million a quarter would be a general range.
Ken Usdin: All right, got it. Thanks a lot.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from a line of Steve Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Janet Lee: Good morning. This is Janet Lee on for Steve. First of all, I would like to make sure that I understand your NIM outlook correctly. I understand that there are many pieces and factors that come into play here, but are you saying that the net interest margin, looking out into the back half of 2021 may see some pressure assuming you deploy around 1 billion to 2 billion of cash into securities or assuming liquidity level stays, sort of the same at 20 billion? And also, should we expect loan and security fields to grind down from here?
Don Kimble : Yeah. A couple of things. One, what we've said is that most of the pressure we've seen in NIM is been because of liquidity. You know our outlook for the rest of year would have liquidity levels, in other words, the cash position remaining relatively stable from here, and so shouldn't see that, kind of pressure.  As far as overall impact from liquidity, I would say that the impact of rates and we’ve shown on the current slide, other than liquidity, we had about 2 basis points of margin compression this quarter and that was mainly because of lower rates. And then another component that will impact us is the PPP forgiveness, which had elevated levels here in the second quarter, and would expect to see that come down in future quarters.  As far as the impact for both security purchases, and also for fixed rate loans, but an example would be in the second quarter, we had about $2.2 billion of runoff and it had an average rate on that of [2.26]. And the average purchase yield for the same $2.2 billion we bought during the quarter was 1.4. So, about 80 basis points of compression on that specific asset class. We would also expect to see fixed rate loans, which isn't as large for us as it probably is for other peers have somewhere in that 60 basis points to 80 basis points of compression there as well for the rollover of those assets as well.
Janet Lee: Thank you. That's very helpful. On Laurel Road for Doctors, you commented about 5.3 billion of loans from there. As it relates to 2Q growth, can you comment on how much of the 400 million in Laurel Road origination volumes came from Laurel Road for Doctors and how much deposit growth did it contribute in the second quarter?
Chris Gorman: I don't have the deposit numbers in front of me. I know that half of our new customers, which we said were 2,500 were multiple product customers. But you should assume that the $400 million that we originated in the second quarter relates to Laurel Road for Doctors.
Janet Lee: Got it. And just last follow-up, on commercial mortgage servicing fees, can you talk about what led to a fairly significant jump in the second quarter and whether this level is sustainable? Thanks.
Chris Gorman : Yeah. So, that's a really interesting business for us, Janet. We are servicing and these are loans that are [our first] loans. We're servicing $500 billion worth of loans, 330 billion were the primary servicer. So, think about real estate, principal interest, taxes, insurance. The other 170 were the named special servicer. So when things go into workout, we're basically the workout agent. And as you can imagine, at this point in the cycle, there's a lot of activity.  You might find it interesting that the percentage of things that are an active special servicing, 72% of that which is an active, special servicing is in the retail sector and another 13% is in lodging. So, it's an episodic business. It's not a business that you can count on, kind of a straight line, but you can imagine at this point in the cycle, particularly in areas, like, you know, like retail that there's going to continue to be a fair amount of activity.
Don Kimble: And just to follow up on that too, as far as the linked quarter that truly was activity related fees that drove the change. And if you look at the year ago for that line item, we did have some impairments that came through that category. And so, the second quarter of 2020 was artificially low.
Janet Lee: Great, thanks for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. Chris, in your opening comments you mentioned record levels of either new accounts or new customers. I just wonder if you could elaborate on that. Is it on the commercial consumer side or just across the firm and then, you know which specific products are kind of the drivers there that, you know lines and deposits or just a little color? I think it was a pretty interesting stat.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Matt. Thanks for the question. The comment I was making pertained to new households. And what I said is that we generated more new households in the first half of this year than we have in any complete year in the last in the last decade. So, it was really focused exclusively on consumer and specifically new household growth.
Matt O'Connor: And has that been mostly driven by the positive accounts or also some acceleration because of Laurel Road and everything or maybe just a little bit on the product mix there? Thank you.
Don Kimble: Most of it. You know, we focus a lot on primacy, so the preponderance of it is on capture of checking accounts.
Matt O'Connor: Got it. Thanks. Bye.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions.
Chris Gorman: Well, good. Again, thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team. Their number is 216-689-4221. Thank you for your interest and this concludes our remarks. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event Conferencing Services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-20 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Chris Gorman. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Gorman: Thank you for joining us for KeyCorp's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer.  
 On Slide 2, you will find our statement on forward-looking disclosures and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call.  
 I'm now turning to Slide 3. Our first quarter was a strong start to the year as we executed our strategy and delivered positive operating leverage relative to the year-ago period. We continued to grow the number of clients across our franchise. In the first quarter, we experienced the strongest growth in consumer households in 5 years.  Additionally, we continue to add commercial clients and deepen existing relationships. We leverage the strength of our business model by raising over $13 billion for our commercial clients of which we retained approximately 19% on our balance sheet.  And let me just say that's exactly the way our model is designed to work, taking advantage of attractive markets for the benefit of our clients while maintaining our credit discipline with that which we place on our balance sheet.  
 We also launched our National Digital Bank, Laurel Road for doctors at the end of March. I will comment more on that shortly. In addition, we announced the acquisition of AQN Strategies, a client-focused analytics firm with deep expertise in the financial services industry.  The acquisition aligns to Key's relationship strategy and underscores our commitment to a data-driven approach to grow our business. We also identified 70 branches for consolidation representing approximately 7% of our network. We continue to lean into digital. Most of these closures will take place in the second quarter.  
 Moving to our financial results for the quarter. We reported net income of $591 million or $0.61 per share for the first quarter. On a per share basis, this is an increase of 9% from the fourth quarter results and up significantly from the year ago period.  We generated record first quarter revenue, which reflected broad-based growth across our company, driven by our fee-based businesses. Our Investment Banking business achieved record first quarter revenues with growth across the platform.
 This is an area where we have invested in our teammates and made targeted acquisitions to enhance our capabilities, including such areas as health care and technology.  We have grown this business in 8 of the last 9 years, including having a record year in 2020, and we expect to grow this business again in 2021. We reached a new milestone in our consumer mortgage business with record loan originations of $3 billion for the quarter.  In addition to adding high-quality loans to our balance sheet, consumer mortgage fees were up 135% from the year ago period. Our outlook for this business remains positive as we continue to grow and take market share. We reported a record $8.3 billion of originations in 2020, and we expect to eclipse that level this year. Other contributors to fee income this quarter were trust and investment services and cards and payments income. 
 Credit quality remains strong. Nonperforming loans, net charge-offs and criticized loans were all down from the prior quarter.  We continue to support our clients while maintaining our moderate risk profile, which has and will continue to position the company to perform well through the business cycle.  Finally, we have maintained our strong capital position while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio ended the quarter at 9.8%, which is above our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. Our strong capital position enables us to execute against our capital priorities, organic growth, dividends and share repurchases.  This quarter, we repurchased $135 million of common shares. Our Board of Directors also approved our first quarter common stock dividend of $0.185 a share.  
 Now turning to Slide 4. Before I turn the call over to Don, I wanted to make a few comments regarding Laurel Road. We acquired Laurel Road, a born digital company in April of 2019. The acquisition has exceeded all of our expectations. It has accelerated our digital transformation and has been a great complement to our existing health care platform. Since our acquisition, Laurel Road has generated over $4.6 billion in high-quality loan originations adding high-value digital relationships with health care professionals. We also have the opportunity to continue to scale this business. At the end of March, we took the next step on this journey with the launch of our Digital Bank, Laurel Road for Doctors, serving the health care segment and expanding our consumer franchise nationally.  
 Importantly, our approach to our Digital Bank is differentiated. Historically, many offerings have been product-centric or focused on deposit gathering. Ours is a fully -- is fully aligned with our relationship strategy. The launch broadened our offering for Laurel Road clients to include deposits, additional lending products and other value-added services created to meet the unique financial needs of health care professionals.  The launch was an important milestone in our digital journey, which brings together critical elements of our strategy, targeted scale, digital, health care and primacy. Right now, we are focused on physicians and dentists, but soon, we will expand to other medical professionals.  Importantly, this launch is not the end goal, but rather just the beginning.  
 I will close my remarks by restating that I am pleased with our results for the quarter and our strong start for 2021. I am proud of what we have achieved as a team and remain optimistic about the future as we emerge from the pandemic and the economy continues to recover.  Key is well positioned to grow and deliver on our commitments for all of our stakeholders. With that, I'd like to now turn it over to Don to walk through the quarter. Don? 
Donald Kimble: Thanks, Chris. I'm now on Slide 6. As Chris said, it was a strong start to the year with net income from continuing operations of $0.61 per common share, up 9% from the prior quarter and over 4x from the year ago period.  The quarter reflected a net benefit from our provision for credit losses. The reserve release was largely driven by expected improvement in the economic environment. Importantly, we generated a record first quarter revenue, driven by the strength in our fee-based businesses.  I'll cover the other items on this slide later in my presentation.  
 Turning to Slide 7. Total average loans were $101 billion, up 5% from the first quarter of last year, driven by growth in both commercial and consumer loans. Commercial loans reflected Key's participation in PPP, partially offset by decreased utilization. PPP loans had an impact of $7 billion in the first quarter of 2021 average balances. Consumer loans benefited from the continued growth from Laurel Road and as Chris mentioned, record performance from our consumer mortgage business with $3 billion of consumer mortgage loans this quarter.  
 The investments we have made in these areas continue to drive results and importantly, add high-quality loans and relationships. Linked quarter average loan balances were down 1%, reflecting lower commercial utilization rates and a reduction in average PPP balances. We had just under $1 billion of PPP forgiveness in the current quarter.  Consumer loans were up 1% from the prior quarter, again related to continued production from consumer mortgage and Laurel Road.  
 Continuing on to Slide 8. Average deposits totaled $138 billion for the first quarter of 2021, up $28 billion or 25% compared to the year ago period and up 1.5% from the prior quarter. The linked quarter and year-ago comparisons reflect growth in both commercial and consumer balances, which benefited from government stimulus. The growth was offset by continued and expected decline in time deposits. The interest-bearing deposit costs came down another 3 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2020, following an 8 basis point decline last quarter.  We continue to have a strong, stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for over 60% of our total deposit mix.  
 Turning to Slide 9. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.012 billion for the first quarter of 2021 compared to $989 million a year ago and $1.043 billion for the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.61% for the first quarter of 2021 compared to 3.01% for the same period last year and 2.7% from the prior quarter.  Both net interest income and net interest margin were meaningfully impacted by significant growth in our balance sheet compared to the year ago period. The larger balance sheet benefited net interest income but reduced the net interest margin due to the significant increase in liquidity driven by strong deposit inflows.  
 Compared to the prior quarter, net interest income decreased $31 million and the margin declined 9 basis points. The decrease in net interest income was caused by the day count of approximately $14 million, lower loan fees of $8 million and lower loan balances resulting in an additional $8 million reduction to NII.  Net interest margin also reflected a 4 basis point reduction due to the increases in our liquidity position.  
 Moving on to Slide 10. We have continued to see growth in our fee-based businesses. Noninterest income was $738 million for the first quarter of 2021 compared to $477 million for the year ago period and $802 million in the fourth quarter. Compared to the year ago period, noninterest income increased 55%.  We had a record first quarter for investment banking and debt placement fees, which reached $162 million driven by broad-based strength across the platform. This quarter, both debt and equity markets were especially strong. Record mortgage originations drove mortgage -- consumer mortgage fees this quarter, which were up $27 million or 135% from the first quarter of '20. Cards and payments income also increased $39 million related to higher prepaid card activity from state government support programs as well as the growth in the core platform.  
 Other income in the year ago period included $92 million of market-related valuation adjustments. Compared to the fourth quarter, noninterest income decreased by $64 million. Largest driver of the quarterly decrease was seasonality in our investment banking line coming off an all-time high record quarter. This was partially offset by the strength in trust and investment services income and cards and payments income.  
 I'm now on Slide 11. Total noninterest expense for the quarter was $1.071 billion compared to $931 million last year and $1.1 billion in the prior quarter. The increase from the prior year is primarily in personnel expense related to higher production-related incentive compensation, which increased $58 million and the increase in our stock price resulting in a $36 million increase compared to last year.  Employee benefit costs also increased $15 million. 
 Year-over-year, payments-related costs reported in other expense were $32 million higher, driven by higher prepaid activity. Computer processing expense this quarter was elevated related to software investments across the platform, accounting changes and timing differences. Compared to the prior quarter, noninterest expense decreased $57 million. The decline was largely due to lower production-related incentives and severance costs.  
 Moving now to Slide 12. Overall, credit quality continues to outperform expectations. For the first quarter, net charge-offs were $114 million or 46 basis points of average loans. Our provision for credit losses was a net benefit of $93 million. This was determined based on our continued strong credit metrics as well as our outlook for the overall economy and loan production.  Nonperforming loans were $728 million this quarter or 72 basis points of period-end loans, a decline of almost $60 million from the prior quarter. Additionally, criticized loans declined and the 30- to 90-day delinquencies also improved again quarter-over-quarter with a 5 basis point decrease, while the 90-day plus category remain relatively flat.  
 Now on to Slide 13. Key's capital position remains an area of strength. We ended the first quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.8%, which places us above our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%.  This provides us with sufficient capacity to continue to support our customers and their borrowing needs and return capital to our shareholders. Importantly, we continue to return capital to our shareholders in accordance with our capital priorities.  Our Board of Directors approved a first quarter dividend of $0.185 per common share. We also repurchased $135 million of common shares under the share repurchase authorization we announced in January of up to $900 million. This leaves us with a capacity of up to $765 million for the next 2 quarters.  
 On Slide 14, we provide our full year 2021 outlook, which we've adjusted to reflect our strong start to the year, positive momentum in our business and more favorable revenue outlook. Consistent with our prior guidance, we expect to deliver positive operating leverage for the year. Average loans are expected to be relatively stable, reflecting continued momentum in our consumer areas, the impact of PPP and stronger commercial growth in the second half of the year.  The first quarter should be the low point of the year with expected growth from here. We expect deposits to be up mid-single digits and that we will continue to benefit from our low-cost deposit base.  
 Net interest income should be up low single digits. Our net interest income will benefit from higher loan fees related to PPP forgiveness and continued deployment of some of the excess liquidity, offset by the ongoing impact of low rates.  Noninterest income should be up mid-single digits, reflecting the growth in most of our core fee-based businesses. Noninterest expense should be relatively stable, reflecting higher production-based incentives related to our improved revenue outlook. Our continuous improvement efforts and branch consolidation plans remain on track and will help support our ongoing investments in talent and to stay at the forefront of our digital offerings.  
 Moving on to credit quality. We have reduced our net charge-off guidance, which is now expected to be in the 35 to 45 basis point range for the year. This reflects the quality of our portfolio and our current outlook. And our guidance for our GAAP tax rate remains unchanged at around 19% for the year.  
 Finally, shown at the bottom of the slide are our long-term targets, which remain unchanged. We expect to continue to make progress on these targets by maintaining our moderate risk profile and improving our productivity and efficiency, which will drive returns.  Overall, it was a good start to the year, and we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our commitments to all of our stakeholders.  
 With that, I will now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions on the Q&A portion of our call. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  And our first question will come from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. 
Robert Siefers: Sorry, I think it was on mute or something there. Good to talk to you guys this morning. I appreciate you taking the question. First question was just on -- given that you guys sort of have a broader product mix than other traditional regional banks given your capital markets exposure, I guess I'm curious if you guys are seeing any preference from your corporate clients in terms of traditional banking products versus opting for capital markets products that you might have expected to be just sort of more traditional banking. Has there been any preference shift there? 
Christopher Gorman: So Scott, it's Chris. We have seen a preference to kind of take our clients to where the most advantageous financing is. And one of the areas that I would point you to would be our real estate book. And you'll notice, if you look at the H8 data, we underperform some of our competitors in terms of what we're putting on our balance sheet. But yet we're only putting about 19% or 20% of the capital we raise. So if you think about really attractive nonrecourse, 10-year money, Fannie, Freddie, FHA, the life companies, the CMBS market. That would be an example of where these middle market companies are consistently opting to go to other sources of funding other than the banks.  And obviously, for us, that ties in really well with our business model. So that would be an example. 
Robert Siefers: Okay. Perfect.  And then, I guess, actually, just sort of a ticky-tack one for Don. I saw the $7 billion of average balances of PPP loans. Do you happen to have the end of period just for modeling purpose. I'm guessing somewhere in the $6.5 billion range given what you said about forgiveness in the first quarter, but I was curious if you had a more pinpointing number? 
Donald Kimble: Sure. The ending balance was $7.7 billion because we actually originated $2 billion of new loans under the current program. And we also have a pipeline of approved through the SBA of an additional $700 million will be expected to close in the second quarter. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. 
Ken Zerbe: In terms of the Laurel Road for Doctors, can you just help us understand, is that a, I guess, a marketing decision of how you're positioning Laurel Road? Or does it actually require you guys to build out capabilities to talent people to be able to offer services specific to doctors where it's not just a marketing sort of gimmick. 
Christopher Gorman: No. It certainly is a lot broader than just marketing. And kind of a couple of proof points. Just since we launched Laurel Road for Doctors on March 30, our website traffic, Ken, is up 100%. We've had 50,000 discrete sessions with doctors and dentists on the website.  We also have garnered 300 new doctor, dentist households. And obviously, we'll start building this out in concentric circles. So what this is, it is a complete digital offering focused on doctors and dentists. And so it's much broader than a single product. It is to meet the needs of doctors and dentists, which are both unique and to some degree homogeneous. So it isn't just marketing for sure, it's very focused. 
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Understood. Okay. And then just a different follow-up question. How do you guys see seasonality playing out in the investment banking and debt placement fees? Because if I'm not mistaken, I believe first quarter tends to be a seasonally weak quarter, but it was obviously a very strong this quarter. 
Christopher Gorman: Sure. Well, as I mentioned, it was a record first quarter for us in our investment banking business. Seasonality typically is back-end loaded as people -- there's always a big push to get transactions done by year-end. We obviously have been pleased by the trajectory of the business, and we also are pleased that as things come out of the pipeline, the pipeline is being replenished and the pipelines are strong. So we feel good about it, and we think we'll have another record year in our investment banking business. The -- one of the interesting things is there's a lot of M&A activity. So while there's not a lot of borrowing in our strategic discussions with the people that are running these mid-market and midsized companies they are looking to do strategic things, which really opens the door for us to provide a lot of services. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. 
Bill Carcache: I wanted to ask about your loan pipeline. We're hearing varying degrees of optimism around growth in the second half of 2021 post reopening. Can you give a little bit of color on the tailwind that you're anticipating based on the discussions you're having with clients and the extent to which the liquidity on their balance sheets is impacting their appetite to borrow? 
Christopher Gorman: Sure. That's a great question. Let me kind of break it into consumer and commercial. On the consumer side, we had a record year in terms -- a record quarter, I beg your pardon, in terms of number of new households. We also had a record quarter in terms of mortgage originations at $3 billion. So we have a lot of trajectory on the consumer side. The consumer is spending.  And while you don't see it in credit card balances because at origination, our average consumer has a FICO score of around 770, What you do see it in is the velocity in both debit and credit. We believe that our growth engines in consumer -- last year, we generated about $10 billion of originations between Laurel Road and mortgage, we think we will do more than that this year. And that trajectory is -- they're up and running.  
 Let's talk about commercial a little bit, which is clearly delayed. First of all, commercial right now, we have really unprecedented utilization as in low utilization. So I think one of the areas where we can grow from a commercial perspective is as there are supply chain challenges, as there is clearly some inflation out there.  I think you'll see people start to build their inventory. And I would suspect we'll see utilization improve from the low point that it is now. As I mentioned, there's a lot of strategic discussions going on that should generate loan growth. What we're not seeing right now is investment in people and property, plant and equipment. And I would guess on the people front, one of the challenges for our customers is it's hard to hire people. So that's one of the challenges. But on property, plant and equipment, I would expect that to ramp up in the second half. These projects, as you know, take a fair amount of lead time. So consumer, strong throughout the year. I think commercial is going to be relatively flat in the first half and will pick up in the second half. 
Bill Carcache: That's very helpful. Chris. Don, as a follow-up, sorry if I missed this, but what's driving the improved NII outlook? Do you still expect relatively stable loan growth. So is the improvement coming from PPP. And on PPP, can you tell us what the anticipated total revenue benefit is after factoring in forgiveness, will most of that come in 2021? Just trying to get a sense if you could clarify for us within the outlook, what kind of NII growth you guys expect ex PPP? 
Donald Kimble: Sure. If you look at the full year outlook that we have provided in January compared to what we have today. And just using the midpoint, net interest income is up about $80 million. And roughly $45 million to $50 million of that is coming from the improved rate outlook that we've seen with the rate curve moving up and just the impact of that in the overall portfolio.  If you take a look at the loan balances overall that I would say that they're up very modestly, but it really shows a little bit more of a mix improvement there as far as the yield impact. As Chris highlighted, that we had record mortgage originations of $3 billion this past quarter. We've increased our outlook as far as the overall mortgage balances going onto the balance sheet and pull back a little bit on the commercial given the lower utilization rates we saw in the first quarter.  
 And so that mix shift also helped a little bit. As far as PPP, we talked on the call in January about we thought that with the new loans that we'd be seeing coming through with the current wave of PPP, if you take a look at the net interest income, which includes both the 1% interest plus the fee income, we thought that'd be up about $80 million year-over-year. And that's about the same as what we're seeing this year as far as our outlook in April and so we're still seeing that kind of an incremental benefit. And then as far as the forgiveness, we would expect of last year's production of the $8 billion about 85% of that to be forgiven throughout the remainder of this year. And so we will see that acceleration occur as far as some of the fee income in future quarters compared to what we experienced in the first quarter. But generally fairly consistent with what we would have expected back in January. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI 
John Pancari: On the margin side, I just want to see, Don, if you can kind of walk us through your expectations of how the -- how you expect the margin to traject here over the remainder of the year? And what's assumed in your NII of up low single-digit outlook? I guess if you can give it perhaps with the PPP impact and without, that would help. 
Donald Kimble: Sure. As far as the margin outlook, we would expect it to be stable to slightly up from here. So maybe up a couple of basis points throughout the rest of the year, really reflecting some of the improvement in the loan fees. And as we mentioned earlier, from the fourth quarter to the first quarter one of the drivers of why our NII was down was about $8 million lower loan fees and some of that was related to the PPP because we had higher levels of forgiveness in the fourth quarter than what we actually did in the first quarter of this year.  
 And so as far as the PPP impact, we would expect that the total NII level contributed for first quarter versus the rest of the year to continue to trend down a little bit, very modestly at first and thinking of $1 million or $2 million a quarter coming from that just with the impact of the forgiveness of those loans. But generally, again, fairly consistent with what we would have expected coming into the year as far as the trajectory and our outlook for those balances. 
John Pancari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then separately, on the health care banking effort, 1 question I've been getting about this is, the expected longer-term impact that you may forecast from this whole effort, not just the digital effort with Laurel Road for Doctors, but I guess, also when you look at the combined effort that you flagged before by involving your Cain Brothers business as well as the emerging relationship in your backyard there with the Cleveland Clinic. 
 When you look at this long term, how do you size up the expected overall impact and maybe as a percentage of revenue or earnings or returns or even percentage of loans on the loan side or deposits. Just want to help people think about how big this thing can be. 
Christopher Gorman: John, it's Chris. We have not yet framed that for the investors. Obviously, this is -- we just launched the national, digital, affinity bank just at the end of March. Obviously, health care is rapidly approaching 20% of the GDP. So there is a huge opportunity. And as you look throughout Key, we do a lot of business in health care throughout our franchise. 
 For example, while not part of Laurel Road, doctors and dentists are a significant driver of our mortgage business, for example. And if you think about serving these large hospitals and what we can do for the CEO in terms of provide him strategic advice, raise capital at the -- dealing with the CFO, a lot we can do around payments. And then with the Chief Human Resources Officer, the ability to refinance student loans, the ability for docs to manage their money. We have $45 billion of AUM. 
 So it is a huge opportunity. We haven't yet laid it out for the public yet what our targets are. As it relates specifically to Laurel Road, last year, we generated $2.3 billion in loan refinancing. This year, in spite of, frankly, some of the noise around student lending in general, we will continue to grow that business. So that's just a data point for you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. 
L. Erika Penala: My first question is for you, Chris. I just want to tap into your experience. Key is uniquely positioned to benefit from CapEx coming back online. And as we think about the excess liquidity in the system, are deposits going to be a leading indicator for line utilization? Or are your clients telling you that they're going to keep excess levels of cash for the time being. And additionally, this curve steepening from the long end rising, how does that play into historically the decision between capital markets and revolvers? 
Christopher Gorman: Sure. So first, as it relates to deposits, I think it's probably somewhere in between your 2 scenarios. I think based on what we've all been through over the last 12 to 18 months. I think you'll see people carry a little higher levels of cash. But clearly, I think they will definitely burn down some of those excessive deposits before they start borrowing. 
 And I think as you think about going forward, the use of revolvers or going to various markets, I think to the extent that people have a defined use of proceeds. I think you'll see people try to lock in longer-term money because at current rates, I just think that makes a lot of sense for some of these long-term projects. 
L. Erika Penala: Got it. And just as a follow-up on the question whether or not a steeper curve from a higher long end that could effect or impact the decision between capital markets and revolvers in terms of funding preference. 
Christopher Gorman: I don't think the steepness of the curve while it matters a lot to us. I think what our clients really think about from a strategic perspective is this a long-term asset. And if I go out -- if I term it out as opposed to use my revolver, is that an advantageous financing for the long term. I don't think they're driven by the steepness of the curve. 
L. Erika Penala: Got it. And just for Don, the outlook for noninterest expense being relatively stable. Does that contemplate another record year in investment banking and debt placement fees? 
Donald Kimble: That does contemplate that. As Chris highlighted, that we expect that to show growth on a year-over-year basis and also to show the stronger residential mortgage production as well. And so both of those are part of the reasons why the fee income is up and also the expenses are up on a corresponding basis. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. 
Kenneth Usdin: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the reinvestments that you said you made this quarter, $6.5 billion ending balance increase. Can you just help us understand just where that front book, back book math is at this point on both securities and also if you just have any comments on loan pricing and spreads, too. 
Donald Kimble: Sure, Ken. As far as our securities portfolio that we did add to both the core book as well as a short-term treasury book. We've got as of the end of the period, about a $5 billion over the last 2 quarters increase in the core bond portfolio. That was really done in some of the core type of products and investments we would normally invest in, which would include CMOs and 15-year pass-throughs. We also did some commercial mortgage agency securities as well and attached swaps to those so that basically it locks in that fixed rate for the first, say, 4 to 6 years and then converts it to a nice loading rate for us. And so the average yield on those purchases was around $140 million. The roll-off of our existing portfolio is around a $2.35 to $2.40 range. And so we do see continued pressure there based on where the  current rates are, but is just consistent with what we're seeing in the markets overall. 
 As far as that short-term treasury portion of the portfolio, we added again, about $5 billion also over the last 2 quarters. The average yield on that is about 40 basis points. And well, that's fairly low. It's a fairly short duration of the portfolio and really is just representing a safe substitute for the cash position as we're continuing to maintain cash levels of about $15 billion, which is from our target level of about $1 billion and no more than $2 billion. 
 And so just something we'll continue to evaluate as far as the overall outlook as far as putting some of those additional dollars to work. And hopefully, we start to see some of that additional commercial growth and utilization rates pick up, which would be a much better option for us as far as using some of that excess liquidity. 
 On the loan side that we are seeing some tightening from the competitive perspective on the commercial side that, as you might imagine, there's stronger demand coming from banks to provide those loans. And so we are seeing a little bit tightening there compared to where we were a year ago. And on the consumer side, spreads on a curve adjusted basis continue to be pretty good for us. The both Laurel Road and residential mortgage are wider spreads than where they would typically be, even though the yields are still low compared to where we might want to see that overall portfolio but generally holding up pretty well. 
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. And then, Don, just one more follow-up on PPP. Do you have the first quarter contribution from -- just the NII contribution of PPP in total? 
Donald Kimble: Well, the net interest income -- or excuse me, the interest income, so this wouldn't include any funding cost associated with it, it was $65 million, and that was down from $70 million last quarter. And we would expect just some very slight reductions in that $65 million level over the next few quarters and essentially with the forgiveness triggering some acceleration of the fee income offsetting some of the reduction in future balances as that forgiveness goes through. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. 
Michael Mayo: Chris, I know you built the investment banking business and you expect another record year, but that's -- it seems a little bold this early in the year. So what gives you confidence of, I guess, what are your backlogs? Are they record and how far above are they versus the prior record backlog, if that's the case? And maybe just a little bit about how you see the size of the pie in your wallet share and what percentage of your middle market customers have investment banking? Or just a little bit more color that gives you confidence. 
Christopher Gorman: Sure. So as we look at the pipelines, as I mentioned, Mike, our pipelines are strong. And they're strong in the areas that have long lead times. But they're also strong in the areas that have a fair amount of velocity. Think about the debt markets, for example. So the pipelines are there. Also as we look at the mix, and I've mentioned this before, the level of M&A activity tends to have a multiplier effect. 
 And so as we're advising on a lot of significant transactions, it gives us the opportunity to do what we do for our clients, provide capital after providing advice, also provide enterprise payments, help them hedge. So those are the things that give me confidence that we're going to be able to grow the business again this year. We also have a lot of repeat customers. 
 We're really proud of the fact that a lot of our customers go to the markets relatively regularly, and we do a good job for them, and so they hire us in a repetitive fashion. Those are some of the reasons that I feel confident about the business. We also continue to hire quality people to bring on to our platform. We have what we think is a unique platform. Candidly, I still think it's underleveraged. And there's an opportunity for us in a very targeted way, go out and hire people that we think can advance the business. 
Michael Mayo: And then a follow-up, your CEO letter says that you guys are the #1 provider of renewable energy financing. So what does that include? Is that bank lending and capital markets? 
Christopher Gorman: Yes. So that would be... 
Michael Mayo: And what's the total addressable market? And where are you in that market? 
Christopher Gorman: Sure, sure. So that's -- we have been a leader in -- we always talk about targeted scale, and renewables is a great example that way back in 2004, as we saw the utilities pivot to renewable energy, we built a business around both wind and solar. On our books today, Mike, we have about $5 billion of exposure. Obviously, over the years, we've raised tens of billions of dollars for the benefit of our clients. 
 I think our pipelines in that business probably have visibility on $2 billion or so. What's really interesting is, I think as the whole plan comes together for the American Jobs plan, I think there'll be a big focus on renewable energy, and we feel like we're really well positioned. And so we'll continue to lean in. We'll continue to invest. We have good relationships with the whole ecosystem and so that would be an example of targeted scale. It wasn't that big of a business when we started it, but it will continue to grow. 
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. 
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys share with us -- we all know what has happened with quantitative easing and the increase in the industry's deposits as evidenced by the over $3 trillion growth we saw last year in the banking industries deposits. You guys have certainly seen it on your balance sheet, and it shows up. 
 And you mentioned that the stimulus programs have contributed to your deposit growth. Can you share with us how do you see your customers using these deposits? And is there any evidence yet from the earlier stimulus plans that we saw in the spring of last year, the initial checks that individuals received as well as the initial PPP programs that they're actually drawing down the deposits? Or do you think that your deposits could remain elevated for an extended period of time because of the continuation of QE and the government deficit spending we expect over the next 12 to 18 months? 
Christopher Gorman: I think the consumers are spending part of it. So you're right, the industry has about $3 trillion of excess deposits. We at Key have about $3 billion. And if you looked on our consumer balances, our consumer balances are up year-over-year, Gerard, about 17%. Importantly, on the deposits that are non-rate sensitive, they're up 42%. But we -- I think you will see those, particularly if there's not additional stimulus. We've had 3 waves now. I think you'll start to see those burn down. We're certainly seeing it in card spend, for example. Don, what would you add to that? 
Donald Kimble: No, I think you're right. I mean in the first quarter, I think we saw card spend up about 7% across our customer base, and maybe that's a leading indicator there. But Gerard, those deposit balances have been amazingly sticky. And I think it reflects the impact of the ongoing stimulus programs that come through and the checks that have been cut to the consumer. And so those have been very resilient as far as the overall balances. I think we will see balances remain strong for a period of time, even as the economy starts to pick up. 
 But would expect probably as we are also expecting to see commercial lending picking up in the second half of the year.  I would expect some of those commercial deposits to start coming under a little bit of pressure to as Chris highlighted, maybe do a little bit of both where you pull back a little bit on that liquidity on the balance sheet but also start to borrow against some of the lines to help fund some of the needed investments in inventory and just other growth. 
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then, Chris, in terms of using excess capital for acquisitions, Key over the years has been successful in acquiring not necessarily depositories, but the complementary businesses, particularly in the investment banking and then Laurel Road, of course. Can you share with us your thoughts and not so much, I'm not too interested in if you're looking at a depository, but more just the add-on businesses. Are there opportunities or needs for you that you can buy another broker-dealer or adviser or something like that to enhance the investment banking business as you go forward? 
Christopher Gorman: I think there's always niche businesses. And what we found, Gerard, is when we bring on these niche businesses, I'm really proud of the way we've been able to integrate them because most of these businesses, by definition, are entrepreneurial businesses. The most recent one, obviously, was just last quarter when we purchased AQN, which is an analytics business. 
 But there are clearly opportunities with our targeted scale for us to go out and acquire these entrepreneurial companies that, by the way, are good companies that we're able to integrate, but they really bring a skill set to Key as well. With Laurel Road, I think we acquired 40 full stack software engineers, for example. And that clearly will be helpful as we advance our digital strategy throughout Key. So yes, there are opportunities, and we'll keep our eyes open for those. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens. 
Terence McEvoy: Actually, just one question for you, Don. The cards and payments income up 60% and over $100 million in the first quarter. I was hoping if you could just talk about how the stimulus plan kind of impacted prepaid card activity and maybe a better way to think about the run rate in a more normal operating environment. 
Donald Kimble: Sure that if you look at the increase year-over-year, there was about $39 million. I would say 32-ish of that is really related to the prepaid card business that we've talked about before that's used to support various state government programs in this environment that at the same time, we saw that increase. 
 We also saw a corresponding increase in our expenses of $32 million. And so near term, the benefit really is from those deposits that are being maintained there. And so we would expect those programs to continue to wind down throughout the year. And so we will see that cards and payments-related revenue line item coming down for that, but also see a corresponding impact on the expense side as well. 
 As we mentioned earlier, we were starting to see in the first quarter some nice trends as far as the year-over-year growth rates in all of our card programs, whether it was consumer credit card or debit card or whether it was the commercial card products that we have. And so we're excited about that core momentum and probably would expect to see growth there on a core basis, but might be a little cloudy to see that as we would expect to see some of that prepaid balance or activity flow throughout the year. 
Terence McEvoy: Great. And then just as a quick follow-up. The revised outlook for expenses up since January. Is any of that connected to the announcement last month and the build-out of Laurel Road for Doctors? 
Donald Kimble: Well, I would say that we will have increased costs associated with that. But the run rate and the build-out was reflected in our January outlook. And so none of that really came through there that as you think about what the change in our outlook was and just using the midpoint of those guidance ranges that total revenues are up $160 million from what we would have shown before. Expenses are up $80 million. And so efficiency ratio of about 50% on that revenue growth, and that really relates to the growth coming from higher expected capital markets-related revenues and higher consumer mortgage revenues, which both have a strong variable expense component to it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. 
Sun Lee: This is Janet Lee on for Steve Alexopoulos. Just digging deeper into your NII guidance of up low single digit and your NIM outlook of stable to slightly up for 2021. Can you provide more details around what you're assuming in terms of the level and deployment of excess liquidity on your balance sheet. So how much of $15 billion of short-term investments in the first quarter is assumed to go into securities as we look out? 
Donald Kimble: Yes. We would expect very incremental changes as far as deploying some of those that initially, the liquidity will be absorbed through additional loan balances. And so as we mentioned before, we expect the first quarter to be the low point for us for average loan balances for the year, and that's really led by the consumer growth initially. And then we would expect to see line utilization rates pick up in the second half of the year for commercial. 
 And so that will be helpful. And then as far as the investment portfolio that over the last couple of quarters, we put to work a net, say, $2 billion to $3 billion of additional investments outside of the treasury portfolio. And so I would think that, that would be an expected pace of maybe deploying $1 billion to $2 billion per quarter as far as shifting out of cash and putting that into the investment portfolio in addition to the loan growth. 
Sun Lee: All right. That's helpful. And shifting to fee income. Can you talk through why service charges on deposits decline sequentially in the first quarter back to sort of the pre-pandemic levels? Is this more of a function of customers having elevated deposit balances and not incurring overdraft fees? Or is there something else going on? 
Donald Kimble: You nailed it. That's essentially what's happened here is on the service charge on deposits. The primary reason for the decline is related to just that very fact that the consumers have stronger balances and so they have lower NSF OD fees. And also the commercial customers have stronger balances, which results in fewer service charges for those accounts as well. And so that excess liquidity is providing a relief for the customers as far as fee income. 
Operator: And with that, we have no further questions. I'll turn it back over to the speakers for any closing comments. 
Christopher Gorman: Well, thank you. And again, I want to thank all of you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team (216) 689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Chris Gorman. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, John, and good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Joining me for the call today are Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. This morning, KEY reported record revenue and earnings. But before we get into the details of the quarter, I want to share a couple of broader and contextual comments. I am very proud of the way our team continues to navigate the pandemic and related economic downturn. Their dedication, combined with our investments and talent and digital capabilities continue to serve the company, our clients, our communities, and our shareholders well. Throughout 2020, we successfully executed what I call our dual mandate. By that I mean responding to the pandemic, which is a real humanitarian and economic crisis, while continuing to position KEY for both growth and success. We have taken countless steps to ensure that our teammates and our clients are both safe and well served. Additionally, we provided billions of dollars in credit to our clients. In 2020, we originated more than 43,000 loans amounting to $8 billion through the first round of the Paycheck Protection Program. In fact, we are currently assisting our clients through the second round of the Paycheck Protection Program as we speak. As part of our National Community Benefits plan, we provided billions of dollars in support to our communities. This included affordable housing, home lending and small business lending in low- and moderate-income communities, transformative philanthropy, and renewable energy financing. Our commitment also includes programs to advance social justice and economic inclusion across all the communities we serve. And finally, I want to thank our teammates for rising to every challenge in 2020 in a way they kept our clients at the center of everything we do. I am now turning to Slide 3. Getting back to our performance in the fourth quarter, we achieved a record level of revenue for both the quarter and the year, growth in net interest income and fee income. Net interest income was up almost 4% from the prior quarter with an 8-basis-point increase in our net interest margin. Fee income; also a record, up double digits for both the prior quarter and the year-ago period. We continue to benefit from investments that we have made across our company which drove both fee income and balance sheet growth. Let me touch on three specific areas. First, Consumer Mortgage; we achieved record volume in the fourth quarter with $2.5 billion in funded loans. For the full year, our consumer mortgage originations were $8.3 billion, up 90% from the prior year. This drove both balance sheet growth as well as a 179% increase in fee income. Approximately, one half of our originations last year were purchase mortgages. Our pipelines remained strong, and we expect to continue to both grow and take share. The second area I will highlight is investment banking. This is an area where we have invested in talent and made targeted acquisitions to enhance our capabilities, including areas such as healthcare and technology. In the fourth quarter, we generated $243 million in fees, which represents a record quarter. We enjoyed broad-based growth across the platform with particular strength in M&A and loan syndications. 2020 was a record year for investment banking and debt placement fees. Our investment banking pipelines remained strong. We believe this business will continue to be a growth engine for us in the future. The third area is Laurel Road, and more broadly the investments we have made in digital across our company. Laurel Road continues to originate high quality loans that provide us with an opportunity to build broader, digital relationships with healthcare professionals. Last year, Laurel Road originated over $2.3 billion in loans. At the end of March, we will launch our digital bank serving the healthcare segment, expanding our consumer franchise nationally. This launch will broaden our offering for Laurel Road clients to include deposits, additional lending products, and other value-added services. We believe that both Laurel Road and consumer mortgage will continue to be relationship-based growth engines for our consumer business. Our expenses this quarter were elevated. They were elevated due to higher production-related incentives, severance, and the funding of our philanthropic foundation. Additionally, COVID-related expenses and costs associated with our prepaid card also remained elevated again this quarter. Don will cover the outlook in his remarks, but we expect expenses to come down in 2021 while concurrently investing in talent and digital capabilities. This year, we will also be accelerating the pace of branch closures. We expect to consolidate over 70 branches, representing 7% of our network, most of these closures taking place in the first half of the year. Our decisions are driven by client behavior as more activity continues to move toward digital channels. It's also informed by our robust analytics. We expect limited client attrition, as a high percentage of the impacted branches are located within two miles of another KEY facility. Importantly, we expect to continue to grow our retail business while reducing operating expenses and improving overall profitability. Credit quality remained strong this quarter with net charge-offs of 53 basis points within our targeted over-the-cycle range. Additionally, nonperforming loans declined by almost $50 million this quarter. We will continue to support our clients while maintaining our moderate risk profile and concurrently positioning the company to perform well through the business cycle. Finally, we have maintained our strong capital position while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. In the fourth quarter, our common equity Tier 1 ratio increased 30 basis points to 9.8%, which is above our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. The results of our recent stress tests have affirmed that KEY is a different company today with loss rates and loss absorbing capital among the best in our peer group. Our strategic positioning allows us to continue to execute against each of our capital priorities, supporting organic growth, paying dividends, and of course share repurchases. Last week, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of up to $900 million over the next three quarters. We also approved our first quarter common stock dividend of $0.185 a share. In closing, despite the challenging environment of the last year, we were able to support our clients, invest in and grow our businesses, while maintaining our strong risk practices. Our success was driven by our dedicated team, the strength of our business model, and our relentless focus on executing our strategy. I am confident in KEY's future. We are positioned to succeed and continue to deliver on all of our commitments. I will now turn it over to Don who will provide details on our quarter in addition to our outlook for the coming year. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Chris. I'm now on Slide 5. As Chris said it was a very strong quarter for us, with record net income from continuing operations of $0.56 per common share, up 37% from the prior quarter and 24% from the prior year ago period. Return on average tangible common equity for the quarter was over 16%, up over 400 basis points from the third quarter. I will cover the other items on this slide later in my presentation. Turning to Slide 6. Total average loans were $102 billion, up 9% from the fourth quarter of last year, driven by growth in both commercial and consumer loans. Commercial loans reflect an increase of over $7.5 billion from the PPP loans. Consumer loans benefited from the continued growth from Laurel Road and as Chris mentioned, strong performance from our consumer mortgage business. Laurel Road originated $590 million of loans this quarter and $2.3 billion for the full year, up over 20% from the full year of 2019. We also generated another record $2.5 billion of consumer mortgage loans in the quarter, bringing the total for the year to $8.3 billion. The investments we've made in these areas continue to drive results and importantly add high quality loans to our portfolio. Linked quarter average loan balances were down 3% reflecting pay downs from the heightened commercial loan draws, as well as a small reduction in PPP balances related to the initial forgiveness. Line utilization rates are at the pre-pandemic levels given the strong liquidity levels in the environment. Importantly, we have remained disciplined with our credit underwriting and have walked away from business that does not meet our moderate risk profile. We remain committed to performing well through the business cycle and we manage our credit quality with this longer-term perspective. Continuing on the slide 7; average deposits totaled $136 million for the fourth quarter of 2020, up $23 million dollars or 21% compared to the year ago period and up 0.6% from the prior quarter. The linked quarter increase reflected broad based commercial growth as well as growth from higher consumer balances. The growth was offset by continued and expected decline in time deposits. Growth from the prior year was driven by both consumer and commercial clients. Total interest-bearing deposit costs came down 11 basis points from the third quarter of 2020 exceeding our guidance of a six to nine basis point decline. We continued to have a strong, stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for over 60% of the total deposit mix. Turning to Slide 8; taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.043 billion for the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to $987 million a year ago, and just over $1 billion from the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.70% for the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to 2.98% for the same period last year and 2.62% from the prior quarter. Both net income and net interest margin were meaningfully impacted by the significant growth in our balance sheet compared to the year ago period. The larger balance sheet benefited net interest income that reduced the net interest margin due to the significant increase in liquidity driven by strong deposit inflows. Compared to the prior quarter, net interest income increased $37 million and the margin improved by eight basis points. The increase in both net interest income and net interest margin quarter-over-quarter are largely due to the lower interest-bearing deposit cost and the higher loan fees from PPP forgiveness. We saw the average rate paid on interest bearing deposits declined 11 basis points from the prior quarter. Forgiveness of the PPP loans accelerated about $28 million of additional fee recognition this quarter. These were partially offset by continued elevated liquidity levels which had a five basis point negative impact on the margin. Moving to Slide 9, our fee-based businesses hit all-time highs in the fourth quarter. Noninterest income was $802 million for the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to $651 million for the year ago period, and $681 million for the third quarter. Compared to the year ago period, noninterest income increased $151 million. The primary driver was a record quarter for investment banking debt placement fees, which reached $243 million, up $62 million in the year ago period. Stronger M&A and loan syndication fees drove most of the increase this quarter. This business also had a record year with $661 million of total fees. Record mortgage originations drove consumer mortgage fees this quarter, which were up $22 million from the fourth quarter of 2019. Cards and payments income also increased $30 million related to higher prepaid card activity from the state government support programs. Compared to the third quarter noninterest income increased by $121 million. The largest driver of the quarterly increase was once again the record quarter for investment banking, which was up $97 million. Commercial mortgage servicing fees also had a strong quarter, up $14 million. I'm now turning Slide 11, excuse me, Slide 10. Total noninterest expense for the quarter was $1.128 billion compared to $980 million last year, and $1.037 billion in the prior quarter. The increase from the prior year is primarily in personnel costs driven by higher production related incentives from our record fee production as well as higher severance costs. Year-over-year payments related costs recorded in other expense were $40 million higher driven by higher prepaid activity, and we incurred COVID-19 related expenses to ensure the health and safety of our teammates. Compared to the prior quarter, noninterest expense increased $91 million. The increase was largely due to $40 million of higher production related incentives; $22 million of severance, $12 million of higher stock-based compensation related to the share price, and a $15 million additional contribution to our Charitable Foundation. Marketing expense was also up $8 million from the prior quarter. Turning to Slide 11, overall credit quality remained strong. For the fourth quarter, net charge-offs were $135 million or 53 basis points of average loans slightly below our guidance range. Our provision for credit losses was $20 million. This was determined under the CECL methodology and based on our continued strong credit metrics and leading indicators as well as our outlook for the overall economy, credit migration and loan production. Nonperforming loans were $785 million this quarter or 78 basis points of period in loans compared to $834 million or 81 basis points from the prior quarter. Additionally, 30 to 89 of day delinquencies actually improved quarter-over-quarter with a nine basis point decrease, while the 90 day plus category remained relatively flat. We've continued to monitor the level of assistance requests we received from our customers. Over the past quarter the number of requests for loan forbearance has decreased dramatically. As of December 31, loans subject of forbearance terms were less than $600 million, down from a peak of $5.2 billion, equating to about a 0.5% of our outstanding balances. One more observation this quarter. And as Chris mentioned earlier in late December, the results in the most recent stress test results were published. KEY's results reinforce the commitments we have been making over the past several years that we are a different company with a better risk profile and KEY showed through the Great Recession. Our stress credit losses from the test were peer leading. We've been managing the company over the last decade to outperform during challenging times and believe we have positioned the company to achieve this. Turning to slide 12; we updated our disclosure that highlights certain portfolios that are receiving greater focus in this environment. These areas represent a small percentage of the total loan balances. Each relationship and these focus areas continues to be subject to active reviews and enhanced monitoring. Importantly, as a group, they continue to perform consistent with our expectations. Now on the Slide 13; KEY's capital position remains an area of strength. We ended the fourth quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.8%, up 30 basis points from 9.5% in the third quarter. This place is above our target range of 9% to 9.5%. This provides us with sufficient capacity to continue to support our customers and their borrowing needs and return capital to our shareholders. Importantly, the results of the recent stress test support and highlight our strong credit profile and loss absorbing capital. Last week, our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase authorization of up to $900 million for the next three quarters. They also approved our first quarter 2021 common dividend of $0.185 per share. On slide 14, we provide our full year 2021 outlook. This builds on our performance in 2020 and reflects our expectation that we will deliver positive operating leverage for the year. Guidance range definitions are provided at the bottom of this slide. Average loans are expected to be relatively stable, although at this point, I would expect a little downward bias to this range. This reflects participation in the next round of PPP, and continued growth in our consumer loan portfolio from both Laurel Road and our consumer mortgage business. We expect deposits to be up low single digit and we will continue to benefit from our low-cost deposit base. Net interest income should be relatively stable. Our net interest income will benefit from our higher loan fees related to PPP forgiveness and continued deployment of some of the excess liquidity offset by the ongoing impact of low rates. Noninterest income should be up low single digit reflecting growth in most of our core fee-based businesses. As Chris mentioned, noninterest expense should be down in 2021 somewhere in the low single digit range. We will continue to benefit from our continuous improvement efforts and accelerated branch closures. We also plan to continue to invest in talent and to stay at the forefront of our digital offerings. Moving on the credit quality; net charge-off to average loan should be in the 50 to 60 basis point range, which is consistent with our through-the-cycle range of 40 to 60 basis points. And our guidance for our GAAP tax rate should be around 19% for the year. Our guidance also assumed some variability over the course of the year. First quarter will reflect normal seasonality including a lower day count, and an increase in personnel expense driven by heightened employee benefit costs. Finally shown at the bottom of slide our long-term targets. As Chris said, we expect to deliver positive operating leverage for 2021. We also maintain our moderate risk profile and over time continue to improve our efficiency and overall returns. I'll close with where Chris started, recognizing the efforts of our team to support our clients and to deliver strong results for both the quarter and the year despite the challenging environment. We are well positioned as we head into 2021 and plan to deliver on our commitments to all of our stakeholders. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of the call. John?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
ScottSiefers: Good. Morning, guys. Thank you for taking the question. I'm just curious, I guess I can infer it from the up low-single-digit guide on KEY, but I was hoping you could provide a little more thought on your outlook for investment banking. It ended up being just a terrific end to the year, but maybe thoughts on how you see the year playing out just in terms of the nuance. I feel like last year, it was kind of less traditional M&A, sort of other drivers within investment banking or that line item that drove it. Whereas this year, maybe it's more the traditional stuff that we would think of. How do you see it planning out, and do you think you can sustain that level or grow upon this level of annual revenues in total there?
ChrisGorman: Sure, Scott. Well, thanks for the question. Just to step back for a second. Our invest -- our integrated corporate and investment bank is a unique and growing franchise. It's unique among all of our peers. It's really hard both to coordinate and collaborate and get it done from a cultural perspective. And as you know, Scott, we've been at it for a long time, and we've made a bunch of significant investments. If you think about the investments we've made in technology and in healthcare, within any year there's always variability. But as we step back and look at that business over the past five years, it's had a compound annual growth rate of about 8%. And so, if you look at from 2015 to present, I think we've had one year where we were down slightly, I think last year, we're down like 3%. So I'm just giving you that as kind of a backdrop as we look forward. There's no question that it's the transaction business, and there’s a lot of variables that clearly are not within our control. Having said that, for us, it's a relationship business. We continue to grow it. Our pipelines today are strong. Our pipelines are in good shape. What's interesting about our business is whereas a lot of people had a huge lift from investment grade debt through the pandemic, that really is not core to our business. Our business was really driven, Scott, by a big surge in M&A and syndications, in some cases, related syndication. So we feel good about the trajectory of the business and will continue to invest in it.
ScottSiefers: Terrific, thank you. And then, I guess more of a ticky-tacky guidance question in expenses. I know you had the $22 million in severance costs in the fourth quarter. Will there be any further charges or did you sort of take care of all of those in the fourth quarter? And if there are any, are those included in the full year 2021 guide?
DonKimble: We would typically have some severance throughout the year. We would not expect to have any of that size going forward into each of the quarters in 2021. So, the normal recurring level would be reflected in that guidance, but not assuming any significant charges on top of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
BillCarcache: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to ask about loan yields, although there were some quarters of relative stability in KEY's loan yields during the last reserve cycle. The overall trajectory of loan yields was lower until we exited the reserve. I believe you guys have -- about 70% of your loan book is indexed to the short end of the interest rate complex, and so a lot of it's repriced already, but there's still some, and that dynamic happened not just for you guys, but for other banks as well. So, can you discuss whether you expect downward pressure in loan yields to persist in this reserve cycle as well? And are you simply going to work through to offset those headwinds? And, in general, is there anything I guess different about this cycle that leads you to expect those dynamics to play out any differently this time?
DonKimble: Sure, a couple things there. One; on the loan book, but keep in mind that a significant portion of the swaps that we enter into from a balance sheet perspective are matched up against the commercial loan book. And so, it does convert some of those over to fixed rates, and we've talked over the last couple of quarters about the impact of those swaps going forward. And so, you will see some very modest pressure on yields coming from that as those swaps rollover. On the consumer book; we are seeing rates coming down as far as the new originations compared to what was the existing book, but we're also seeing improved credit quality for those new originations. And we're also seeing margins a little wider on the consumer originations compared to the current rate environment than where we've been historically. And so that will also help and so there will be some pressure going forward, but I would say that we still have other levers to help offset that including the full-year benefit of the repricing of our deposit book that we realized in the fourth quarter, and then also just this excess liquidity position. We think over time, we can start to absorb some of that and maybe reinvest that over time as well.
BillCarcache: Got it. Thanks Don. That's super helpful. Maybe along the similar lines, can you talk about on PPP, how much PPP contributed to loan yields this quarter? And how we should expect that contribution to loan yields and NII to trend from here? Maybe any color on how long the benefits of PPP 1.0 and 2.0 are going to last just largely to the rest of 2021 or do they extend to 2022, and that's my last question. Thank you.
DonKimble: That's great. And we've mentioned just briefly that in the fourth quarter, we had about $1.3 billion of the PPP loans becomes forgiven, and so that accelerated about $28 million of fee income for the quarter, and so that roughly added about six basis points or so as far as the overall margin, and so that clearly was added up. If you look at that first wave of PPP loans, we had about $8 billion of issuance that, as I mentioned, we had about $1.3 billion of forgiveness this quarter. And so that puts about $6.7 billion. We would expect about 80% of that initial $8 billion to be forgiven. And so, you'll see that come throughout the rest of the year, I would say that, for example, we would expect about $1 billion of forgiveness in the first quarter. And so, that's a little less than what we've seen in the fourth quarter, but that still continues to show that kind of a pace. The next wave of PPP will be helpful for that, and we would expect to see about $2.5 billion of originations in the second quarter. And so, some of that decline that we would be expecting from that forgiveness will be directly offset by the new originations, and we’ll probably start the end of the first quarter with balances of over $8 billion. And so, I think that is helpful as far as just the perspective there. As far as the fee income component to it that if you look at both the normal accretion of the fee income plus the acceleration coming from the forgiveness that was about $110 million of fee income for 2020. We would expect for the first wave of those $8 billion of loans that number would be up to around $120 million or so as far as the fee income from both normal accretion and also the impact of forgiveness. And so we have a little bit of a lift on a year-over-year basis from that, and that on top of that, we would have the benefit from the new wave 2 of the PPP program coming through with loan yields and fee income realization from those credits as well.
BillCarcache: So the vast majority, by the end of 21, should be realized. It doesn't spill over into 2022.
DonKimble: I would say that the vast majority of the first wave will clearly be addressed in 2021. We will probably see some of this next wave continued to hang over into 2022 as well. And so I would say that incremental lift that we're getting from that will be realized in both 2021 and 2022.
Operator: Next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
KenUsdin: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Hey, Don. Just a follow up on that last point. So all of that what you just ran through on PPP is inside your NII guidance for this year?
DonKimble: That's correct. Yes.
KenUsdin: Okay. Got it. And then secondly just on the loans. I heard your point earlier about some of the moving parts and can you just reconfirm for us just how much you think Laurel Road can do this year, and how much more the mortgage business can grow as it as an offset to the plan run off in the auto portfolio on the consumer side?
DonKimble: Sure, Ken. As far as consumer loans that relatively stable outlook for total loans would assume consumer loans in aggregate grow about $2 billion and from 2020 to 2021. And that growth really coming from both residential mortgage and from Laurel Road. Just to put that in perspective, we had almost $600 million of origination from Laurel Road in the fourth quarter, just continuing at that pace would be in the $2.5 billion dollar type of range as far as 2021 originations from that category. On the residential mortgage side but despite what we're seeing and hearing in the industry, that we think that we can actually show stable to maybe even increasing our overall residential mortgage originations in 2021. But keep in mind that we're at the early stages, as far as rolling out that platform throughout our branch network seeing strong growth there, and of that, $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter, and of the $8.3 billion for the full year, about half of that was for purchase money, as opposed to refinance. And so we think that there still will be opportunities to continue to show growth there. And that's adding over a $1 billion a quarter as far as the new loan originations in the residential mortgage side. And so those consumer growths in those two areas specifically are at the foundation of how we can get to that kind of relatively stable outlook for total loans.
KenUsdin: Got it. And then just a follow up on expenses. Given the plan for expense to be overall flat, I'm just wondering if you have some variability in the investment banking stuff, but just in terms of the cadence of it, given the plan to reduce branches and the severance related benefits that you get over time? Is there any way to understand like the cadence of how expense is traject to the year, whether or not you're ending lower than you're starting? That type of thing? Thanks.
DonKimble: Great question. And I think you've hit on some of the challenge here, which is a number of our drivers of our revenue growth, really have a variable costs component to it as far as the origination and so that's a little bit of a challenge. I would say that as we look going into the first quarter, we would tend to have some seasonality in those numbers and we highlight it a little bit as far as the benefit expense being up in the first quarter. We would expect expenses down considerably from where they were in the fourth quarter, but probably up from what we were seeing in last year. In last year, our revenue outlook was negatively impacted by some market valuation adjustments but also had a corresponding adjustment to our incentive compensation. And so we think that we'll be in a position to generate positive operating leverage for the first quarter and have positive operating leverage for the full year. And just want to restate that, as far as our expense out what we are saying it's down low single digit, so down 1% to 3%, as opposed to stable. And so that's after funding the investments we're making as part of our strategic initiatives as well.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Saul Martinez with UBS.
SaulMartinez: Hey, good morning. So just wanted to back up a little, just make sure I understand the mechanics on the PPP dynamics through net interest income. So on the -- there's an incremental, I guess, $10 million. So pretty modest on the first waves of PPP. And then on top of that, you overlay the second round, which I think you said was $2.5 billion. So if we were to adding that second round and obviously, recognizing that these are five years and fee rates might be lower, I mean, how much of an incremental lift is that from the second round? Are we talking? It seems like a modest number. Are we talking in the neighborhood of something like $10 million a quarter? If you could just kind of help a square away sort of the full year, and then connect the dots fully on the full year 2021 versus a full year 2020 tailwind that you get more broadly from PPP.
DonKimble: Sure, Saul. As far as the impact of that second wave that we talked about $2.5 billion in the first quarter. I would say that the full year average probably will be somewhere around $3 billion related to that next wave of the PPP loans. If you look at both the stated coupon on those loans and the realization of the fee income, it tends to be something a little north of 2% type of yield. So your pick up over 200 basis points on those balances through the year. So you're probably looking at something for the full year somewhere around $60 million kind of a lift from that compared to just having to sit in cash.
SaulMartinez: So we should think about the tailwind then just 2021 versus 2020 from PPP more broadly, being sort of that $60 million plus the incremental 10 of 120 versus 110. So something in the neighborhood of $70 million? Is that a fair way of looking at it?
DonKimble: Well, what I would say is that for the fee income, we had $110 million in 2020. For the first wave, that's about $120 million for that first wave of loans, and then this new origination volume of the roughly $3 billion for average, would be on top of that. And so we'll actually see a lift year-over-year of say $70 million would be a ballpark.
SaulMartinez: Yes. And that is embedded in your guidance obviously.
DonKimble: That is embedded in our guidance. That's correct. Yes.
SaulMartinez: How much of a headwind are, is the roll off of the hedges in 2020? Do you have that figure, how much of that goes the other way? And how -- because I presume that those hedge roll offs and the incremental headwind is also embedded in your guidance.
DonKimble: The headwind is embedded in the guidance. I don't have the dollar amount for 2021 as far as the direct impact there, but it is reflected in that outlook.
SaulMartinez: Do you know offhand how much hedge benefit you got this quarter from the swaps?
DonKimble: From the swaps, when you say benefit, I am reluctant to know what that is because it is part of our true hedging strategy. And so as far as the cash flow swaps the net interest income add to us for those cash flows. Swap was about $99 which is down about $5 million excuse me about $4 million from the previous quarter.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
GerardCassidy: Good morning, Chris. Good morning, Don. Don, can you share with us when you look at the allowance for loan losses, currently, based on your slides, excluding the PPP loans, you look like you're at about 193 basis points. And at the start of the year when all of -- you and your peers had to convert over to the CECL reserving. I think your reserves are about 122 basis points. As we look further out, maybe end of 2022; what do you think the reserve levels could get to? Do you think they could get back down to where they were in January of this year before the pandemic?
DonKimble: I think we could see trends in that direction. I don't know the absolute timing of that. I don't know how to predict where the economic outlook will shift over time. But I would say as we would go into 2021, but the three pieces that impact our provision expands under CECL are one the economic outlook. And so assuming that's stable with what we would have predicted won't see any impact there. Credit migration, it has been a positive for us. And each quarter as we take a look at what our projected credit losses are, that trend continues to get better. And so that's allowing for reductions to the provision compared to normal. And then the third piece is for loan production; and I've mentioned on the call a couple times in the last few quarters is that provision each quarter would be in that $80 million to $100 million range. And so if the economic outlook doesn't change, and if the migration is consistent with expectations, that would imply about a $90 million per quarter provision expense on average, and about $360 million for the year, and which would be below what that charge off guidance would imply. And so we would expect to see that allowance ratio come down over time and could have some opportunity to see that come down more quickly, if we continue to see the credit migration outperform like we have.
GerardCassidy: Very good to hear those insights. And, Chris, the bigger question for you or bigger picture. Obviously, KEY and your peers are positioned to really benefit from a recovery in the US economy coming hopefully this year, as the vaccines are more widespread over the summer -- by the summer time. The stock shares included since the Pfizer announcement in November have had a real strong run here. And so everything is shaping up good. And as you pointed out, your fourth quarter investment banking numbers were blockbuster. When you go home at night, and you go down the elevator, what are the risks that you think about? Since things are shaping up pretty, pretty good for you and your peers as we look out over the next 12 months?
ChrisGorman: Hey, Gerard. I think for our entire industry, the number one risk is cyber. I think we're in the trust business. And to the extent there was a significant breach in the industry, or of any particular company. I think that is I think that's the number one risk. The number two risk, I think that we all need to focus on, are just a whole another cadre of competitors. If you think about a lot of the fintechs and you think about what some of those companies have been able to do, in terms of garnering new clients. I think that is a strategic risk, kind of more tactically we think about sort of the key areas where I think you could see significant degradation in asset values. And fortunately, we're well positioned here. But I think the obvious ones are travel and entertainment. I think that's, as you point out, I think that will come back, because I think the vaccine has a lot to do with that. I think hospitality industry is one that you need to focus on. The other couple areas and as you know we've been out of them by strategy is both retail and office. I think those are areas that as an industry, we need to keep a close eye on. So those are kind of starting with sort of strategic down to tactical, what I think about.
Operator: Our next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
ErikaNajarian: Yes. Hi. My first question. I'm sorry for another question on your net interest income outlook. But I'm wondering if you could give us a sense, Don, on what level of cash appointment or what level of investment securities growth you expect for 2021. And maybe this next one is for Chris. Embedded in that net interest income outlook; how do you see core commercial loans, ex-PPP trending throughout the year within your guidance? It seems like a lot of your peers have been quite optimistic surprising the market on loan growth recovery, particularly in the second half of the year.
DonKimble: Sure, as far as our outlook for core net interest income and some of the assumptions we've had there for the reinvestment. In the fourth quarter, we increased our core investment portfolio by about $3 billion. And that was investing at a faster pace than the runoff. And I would, in our outlook would have some of that same type of pace continuing throughout the current year that we're currently sitting on over $14 billion in cash and about $2 billion in T-bills that we think would be available for us to continue to redeploy either through loan growth or through reinvestment. And so that would be the core assumption that we have there. Just on that component for the roughly $6 billion that we invested this quarter, the average reinvestment yield was about a 1.28%. So down from what the runoff level would be, but reflected some of the strategy as far as investing in certain securities and then swapping them back so that say, five years down the road, those fixed rate securities would convert over to floating rate. So our expectation would be to continue that kind of a strategy going forward. Chris, on commercial loan growth?
ChrisGorman: Sure, Erika, so a couple things, as Don mentioned, loan growth, first of all consumers an area that will continue to be an outlier of growth for us. And I think we're well positioned for that. Next area, if you think about commercial real estate; we have a very, very good franchise. We're actually not growing the on balance sheet debt there. And that's by strategy. I think last year, we probably placed $11 billion with our targeted customers in our real estate book. As it relates to C&I; we haven't yet seen growth if we're looking at utilization, Erika, it is now at or below even pre-pandemic. We haven't seen people investing in property, plant equipment, investing in people. But what we have seen and I think is a very good sign, and you saw in our investment banking numbers in the fourth quarter, is people are starting to make strategic moves. And so we're having great strategic discussions with our clients and our prospects. And I think people are thinking now with the election behind us with the vaccine rollout of really, what are they going to do to grow their business? So I too am optimistic that we'll see an increase in line utilization and those we'll see people start to invest in their business. The other thing that would obviously be helpful for line utilization is if we had a bit of inflation if people actually started investing and going long in inventory. And I don't think that's an unrealistic scenario, as you think about the back half of the year.
ErikaNajarian: Got it. And just one follow-up question on expenses, Don. Your guidance is off of the GAAP base of $4,109 million.
DonKimble: That's correct. Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from John Pancari with Evercore.
JohnPancari: Good morning. Appreciate the color you gave on the reinvestment and the impact of liquidity as well as your NII guidance. Just want to see if you can help us and how to think about the trajectory of the net interest margin here in the coming quarters. I know there's also a PPP benefit. But I just want to see if you can give us a little bit of color in terms of how that could trend in the next coming quarters. Thanks.
ChrisGorman: Good. As far as the margin, it's challenging to predict just because the timing of some of the deposit flows is also creating either pressure or change there. And so with our assumption of having deposits growing a low single digit that implies that our margin will come down slightly from where it is as of the fourth quarter, so something slightly below the 270. And I would say that from quarter-to-quarter that will be impacted based on like you said, the PPP forgiveness timing and also the changes in the overall equity position.
JohnPancari: Okay, all right. Thanks. That helps. And then separately, Chris, just want to get your updated thoughts on M&A interest, both bank and non-bank. We've clearly seen some banks there in your backyard; move on some deals and I know you've flagged competition as one of the risks that you think about. And you can certainly see that intensifying in the coming years. So basically want to get your thoughts on whole bank M&A from that perspective, and then also on the non-bank front. Thanks.
ChrisGorman: Sure. Thanks for your question. Well, my comment with respect to intensity of competitors was really non-bank. And thinking about some of the fintechs. But as it relates specifically to your question, we're not really focused on whole bank consolidation or acquisitions really at all. We think we have everything we need to be successful. We think the best way for us to generate value is to execute our targeted scale, and go out and grow organically. So having said that, obviously, we take the responsibility very seriously of being a public company. We know we have to go out there each and every day and create value. As it relates to non-banks; I'm really proud of the job we've done over many years of being able to buy entrepreneurial firms and successfully integrating them into our business. And I think about Cain Brothers, I think about Pacific Crest Securities, and most recently, Laurel Road, that was a born digital company that we've been able to really not only integrate into our business, but actually helped key growth -- helped both KEY and Laurel Road have grown. So I think you'll see us continue to go out in keeping with our focus around targeted scale, buying these niche businesses that can help us really serve our targeted client basis.
JohnPancari: That's helpful. What areas of businesses would you emphasize in terms of the non-banks?
ChrisGorman: I think we'd probably look at the verticals that we're in. And I think we also would probably look at, if you think -- let's look at what we've done. We bought boutiques that are really focused. We bought digital businesses and/ analytics businesses. Those are the kind of businesses that I think really turbocharged our existing 3.5 million clients.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
JanetLee: Hi. This is Janet Lee on for Steve Alexopoulos. So my first question is on deposits; your guiding to deposits going up even more some here after 20% growth in 2020. Is this a function of your customer still holding on to cash and their accounts or does this bake in any assumption about new client acquisitions from your successful PPP?
DonKimble: I would say it's on all fronts. And so we are assuming growth on a continued basis. One is that we have in the last three quarters have shown a lot of strong retail household growth and with a focus there on primary operating accounts for the retail customers. Throughout our commercial customer base, we have increased efforts around making sure that we have that expanded full depository/ operating account relationship there as well. And so those will be helpful. It would also reflect the assumptions like we saw last year that as the PPP loans were originated, a good portion of those proceeds were deposited into deposit accounts with our customers. And so we would expect to see some lift from that. And then just the most recent round of stimulus, also add deposit balances. And each quarter this year, we tried to estimate where our deposit flows will be. And I think each quarter we probably underestimated where they actually come through. And so I think the customers continue to have liquidity and continue to build those positions. And that's essentially why we're assuming that we'll have continued growth there as well.
ChrisGorman: Don, the only thing I would add to that is we have a very successful third-party commercial loan servicing business where we are named primary service around $300 billion worth of commercial real estate. That business has grown very, very well and that generates deposits. And we also from a strategic perspective are very focused on primacy with both our consumer clients and our commercial clients and we're getting a lot of lift there.
JanetLee: That's helpful. And I was positively surprising to hear that you expect overall residential mortgage originations to remain stable to potentially increase in 2021 versus 2022. So do you -- are you saying that the consumer mortgage income line on your fee income, is that going to be stable or is it going to go down like single digits? And how does it fit into the overall fee income guidance of up low single digits, like where are the other like offsetting line items that are going to see bigger drop?
DonKimble: Yes, as far as, yes, look for 2021, that we would expect that line item to come down slightly more reflecting the impact of the extremely high levels of gain on sale we experienced, especially in the third quarter of this year. So we saw that come down in the fourth quarter and would expect to see ongoing pressure there. So even though the origination volumes would be stable to maybe up, we would expect to see some pressure there. As far as the other categories on fee income that we would expect good growth in service charge line item but those categories were under pressure throughout a good portion of say second and third quarter of 2020. And we would expect to see growth coming from that category and especially reflecting the impact of the low rates. We would expect to see good growth in trusted investment services line item between what we're doing from a retail and commercial brokerage/ account activity there and just our overall investment management strategy. We would expect to see some growth there. And then even though we've had a record year for investment banking and debt placement fees, we do expect that to grow again for 2021. And so we've got a good pipeline in that business. We've got a good team, and we're expecting to add bankers to that area throughout 2021 as well, which will help deliver those results also.
Operator: And we'll go to Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities.
PeterWinter: Thanks. Good morning. I just want to follow up on line utilization. Where is it today? And where do you think it can go? And kind of what's the sensitivity for every 1% increase to commercial loans?
ChrisGorman: So, this is Chris. This is an area that frankly, through the pandemic; we've been challenged to really pin down on where we think it's going to go. If you think about people drawing on their lines, and then paying back those draws. We're about at 50% in our C&I book right now, which Peter is a little bit below where we would have been pre-pandemic. And I think the real catalysts, there is one, our clients are sitting on a lot of cash. So arguably, they'll have to burn down some of their cash before they start to utilize their lines. So they have elevated cash positions. That's the first thing. And the second thing that I mentioned is there's plenty of -- there's plenty of slack now in the global supply chains. And so people aren't really investing and going long, per se, on inventory. So I think you'd need those two things to happen. The biggest driver of both of those, obviously, is to get real economic growth. Don, what would you add to that?
DonKimble: No, I think that's right. And I mean, as far as the 50%, that implies roughly about $50 billion in outstanding balances on those lines for us, so just to put that in perspective, if that would increase by 1%. And that's, which would show that at 1% growth on the $50 billion.
PeterWinter: Got it, that's helpful. And then just one question just on net interest income. The outlook of low single digit that's 2020 on a GAAP basis as well. Is that right?
DonKimble: I'm sorry, repeat that, please.
PeterWinter: Sure, I am sorry. The fee income outlook, the 2020 base, that's a GAAP number.
DonKimble: The 2020 base is the GAAP number and our FTE adjustment isn't assuming much of a change on a year-over-year basis there, but I guess we would have a tax rate change, we would start to see that but it's runs usually about $29 million to $30 million a quarter for a year, excuse me, a year for the FTE adjustment.
Operator: And with no further questions in queue, I'll turn it back to the company for any closing comments.
Chris Gorman: Thanks, John. Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team. They can be reached at 216-689-4221. Thank you for your interest in KEY and this concludes our remarks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Chris Gorman. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Well thank you operator and good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Joining me for the call today are Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I'm now turning to Slide 3. As you saw in our press release this morning, we reported third quarter earnings per common share of $0.41. Our EPS was more than double that which we reported in the prior quarter and up from the year ago period, which was impacted by notable items. Despite the challenging environment, we generated pre-provision net revenue of 1.9 billion and added 1 billion to our reserve for credit losses through the first nine months of this year. Revenue in the third quarter was up 3% from the year ago period. Our net interest income continues to reflect the low rate environment, elevated liquidity, and changes in balance sheet mix. Average loans reflect strong performance from consumer mortgage and Laurel Road, offset by paydowns of consumer line draws that were made earlier in the year. Our consumer mortgage business generated funding volume of more than 2.3 billion this quarter, which was up more than 75% from the year ago period, and 5% from last quarter. Over one half of our originations were purchase mortgages. Our pipelines remained strong and we expect to show sustainable growth and continued market share gains. Laurel Road continues to originate high quality loans that provide us with an opportunity to build broader digital relationships with these targeted clients. In the third quarter, Laurel Road originated over $400 million. We believe that both Laurel Road and consumer mortgage will continue to be relationship-based growth engines for our consumer business. With our strong consumer platform, we have decided to discontinue originating indirect auto loans. The current portfolio of approximately 4.6 billion will run off over time. Now let me turn to fee income. We had another good quarter. Non-interest income was up from the year ago period, reflecting stronger than expected performance. Investment banking and consumer mortgage had another solid quarter. Cards and payments and service charges on deposit accounts both posted strong linked-quarter increases. Don will discuss our revenue outlook in his remarks. We believe we are well-positioned to continue to grow both our commercial and consumer businesses. Our expenses this quarter reflect higher variable costs related to cards and payments activity and production-related incentives, as well as elevated pandemic related costs associated with keeping our teammates and our clients safe. Through our continuous improvement efforts, we are maintaining our focus on expenses, improving our efficiency while continuing to invest for growth, particularly our digital capabilities across the franchise.  Credit quality remains solid this quarter as we have remained true to our moderate risk profile throughout the cycle. Net charge offs for the quarter were 49 basis points. In the deck, we have updated our disclosure on commercial portfolio focus areas. Don will cover these focus areas in his comments, but I will just say that these portfolios have generally performed consistent with or better than our expectations. The quality of our loan book is also reflected in the level of loan deferrals. Last quarter, our deferrals were the lowest in our peer group, based upon public disclosures. As of September 30, loans subject to forbearance terms were less than 2% of total loans. That's down from 4.3% at June 30. This equates to less than 1% of clients in both our commercial and consumer businesses. In the third quarter, our provision expense exceeded charge offs by $32 million. Our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of period end loans now stands at 1.88% or 2.04%, excluding PPP loans. Finally, we have maintained our strong capital position while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. In the third quarter, our common equity tier one ratio increased to 9.5%, which is at the upper end of our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. In September, we paid a common stock dividend of $0.185 per share, the same amount we paid in the second quarter.  I will close by restating that this was another good quarter for Key, which demonstrates our underlying strengths. It starts with our dedicated team and their unwavering commitment to first and foremost our clients being very targeted about where we can compete and where we can win. Next, costs, maintaining a strong focus on expenses while investing for the future, a big part of this investment going forward will continue to be digital. Credit: continuing our strong risk management practices. And lastly, capital, focusing both on the return on and the return of capital. I am confident in our ability to manage through the current environment and over time achieve our long-term financial targets. And importantly, deliver value for all of our stakeholders. Now, let me turn the call over to Don to go through the results of the quarter. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Chris. I'm now on Slide 5. As Chris said, we reported third quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.41 per common share. Results also reflected momentum across our businesses, including growth in our balance sheet and fee income as well as continued strong risk discipline and capital management. I will cover many of the remaining items on this slide in the rest of my presentation. So turning to Slide 6, total average loans were $105 billion, up 14% from the third quarter of last year driven by growth in both commercial and consumer loans. Commercial loans reflect an increase of over $8 billion from PPP loans. Consumer loans benefited from continued growth from Laurel Road, and as Chris mentioned strong performance from our residential mortgage business. Laurel Road originated over $400 million of student consolidation loans this quarter, and we generated $2.3 billion of consumer mortgage loans. The investments we have made in these areas continue to drive results and importantly add high quality loans to our portfolio. Linked-quarter average loan balances were down 3%, reflecting paydowns from the heightened commercial line draws earlier this year. The paydowns on the lines were greater than expected, and now the utilization rate is below the start of the year. Importantly, we have remained disciplined with our credit underwriting and have walked away from business that does not meet our moderate risk profile. We remain committed to performing well through the business cycle, and we manage our credit quality with this longer-term perspective. Continuing on to Slide 7, average deposits totaled $135 billion for the third quarter of 2020, up $25 billion or 22% compared to the year ago period and up 5% from the prior quarter. The linked quarter increase reflects broad based commercial loan growth, excuse me, the commercial deposit growth, as well as growth from consumer stimulus payments and lower consumer spending. This growth was offset by a decline in time deposits, primarily related to lower interest rates. Growth from the prior year was driven by both consumer and commercial clients. Total interest bearing deposit costs came down 20 basis points from the prior quarter, reflecting the impact of lower interest rates and the associated lag in pricing. We would expect deposit costs to continue to decline about 6 basis points to 9 basis points in the fourth quarter. We continue to have a strong stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for over 60% of our total deposit mix. Turning to Slide 8, taxable equivalent net interest income was $1 billion for the third quarter of 2020, compared to $980 million a year ago and $1.025 billion for the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.62%. for the third quarter of 2020, compared to 3% for the same period last year and 2.76% for the prior quarter. Both net interest income and net interest margin were meaningfully impacted by the significant growth in our balance sheet in the third quarter of 2020. The larger balance sheet benefited net interest income that reduced our net interest margin due to the significant increase in liquidity driven by strong deposit inflows. Compared to the prior quarter, net interest income decreased $19 million, driven by lower commercial loan balances. The net interest margin was primarily impacted by continued elevated levels of liquidity. Elevated liquidity levels negatively impacted the margin by 13 basis points, with all other drivers netting to an additional 1 basis point of pressure on the margin. The lower than expected commercial loan balances contributed an additional 5 basis points of margin compression. Recently, we've received several questions about the future impact of our interest rate swap maturities on our net interest margin. On Slide 20, in the appendix, we provide a schedule that details maturities of our swaps. Also, it is important to understand that this portfolio is only one of the fixed rate asset classes, as all banks are impacted by maturities of fixed rate loans and investment securities. We also show on this slide that our level of these assets combined as a percentage of total earning assets is in line with peers. Moving on to Slide 9, our fee-based businesses had another strong quarter. Non-interest income was $681 million for the third quarter of 2020, compared to 650 million for the year ago period and 692 million in the second quarter. Compared to the year ago period, non-interest income increased $31 million. The primary driver was an increase of $35 million in consumer mortgage business as we continue to grow the business and see record levels of origination. Cards and payments income also increased $45 million related to the prepaid card activity from the state government support programs. Compared to the second quarter of 2020, non-interest income decreased by $11 million. The largest driver of the quarterly decrease was $22 million dollars of lower operating lease income as we had gains on leveraged leases in the prior quarter, which impacted the quarter-over-quarter comparison. Consumer mortgage income was down $11 million, filing a record quarter for related fees in the second quarter. These were partially offset by an increase in cards and payments related income and higher service charges on deposit accounts. Though down quarter-over-quarter investment banking and debt placement fees had another solid quarter given the volatile environment come in at $146 million for the quarter. I’m now turning to Slide 10. Total non-interest expense for the quarter was $1.037 billion, compared to $939 million last year and $1.013 billion in the prior quarter. The increase from the prior year is primarily related to $52 million of payments related costs, reported another expense, as well as COVID-19 related expenses to ensure the health and safety of our teammates. Higher personnel costs from the year ago quarter reflect lower deferred loan origination costs, merit increases, and higher employee benefit costs. Compared to the prior quarter, non-interest expense increased $24 million. The increase was largely due to higher payments related costs, as well as personnel costs related to elevated employee benefits, primarily healthcare, which was up $15 million last quarter. Moving on to Slide 11. Overall credit quality remains solid. For the quarter, net charge-offs were $128 million or 49 basis points of the average loans. Our provision for credit losses exceeded net charge offs by $32 million or $0.03 per share. Non-performing loans were $834 million this quarter or 81 basis points of period in loans compared to $585 million or 63 basis points from the year ago quarter. Additionally, delinquencies actually improved quarter-over-quarter, a 6 basis point decrease in our 30 to 89 day past dues and the 90 day plus category also declining quarter-over-quarter. We continue to monitor the level of assistance requests we received from our customers. Over the past quarter, the number of requests for loan for balances have decreased dramatically. As of September 30, loans subject of forbearance were less than 1% based on the number of accounts for both commercial and consumer loans, and less than 2% when using outstanding balances. Turning to Slide 12. As Chris mentioned, we updated our disclosure that highlights certain portfolios that are receiving greater focus in the environment. These areas represent a small percentage of our total loan balances. Each relationship in these focused areas continues to be subject to active reviews and enhanced monitoring. Importantly, as a group they continue to perform consistent with our expectations. Turning to Slide 13, we had shared a summary of our deferrals compared to peers at our recent Investor Conference. As shown here, our deferral level was peer leading in the second quarter. As noted earlier, we have seen a dramatic reduction in the deferral levels during the third quarter. Now on to Slide 14. We have continued to maintain a strong level of capital. We ended the third quarter with our common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.5%, up 40 basis points from 9.1% in the second quarter. This places us at the upper end of our target range of 9% to 9.5%. We believe that this provides us with sufficient capacity to continue to support our customers and their borrowing needs and return capital to our shareholders. In the third quarter, we paid a common dividend of $0.185 per share, which was consistent with our second quarter level. Importantly, over the last four quarters, beginning with the [fourth quarter] of 2019, we have earned $1.14 per share well above our current dividend run rate of $0.74 per share. On Slide 15, we have provided our outlook for the fourth quarter. We expect average loans to be down low single digits reflecting lower period imbalances coming into the fourth quarter. Consumer loans should continue to grow. We expect deposits to remain relatively stable. Core net interest income should increase low single digits with a relatively stable net interest margin, reflecting the expected [benefit of] repayment of PPP loans. The benefit of repayment is estimated to be $20 million to $25 million. Non-interest income in the fourth quarter will remain relatively stable, reflecting an expected decline and a consumer mortgage offset by growth in investment banking and debt placement fees. Non-interest expenses are expected to be down low single digits that are highly dependent on the level of variable costs, including production related incentives. Net charge-off is expected to be in the 55 basis point to 65 basis point range next quarter. And finally, shown on the bottom of the slide, are our long-term targets. On a reported basis, we will not achieve all the targets this year, as we emerge from the pandemic and the economy strengthens, we expect to be back on the path that would lead us to operate within all of our target ranges. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions of the Q&A portion of our call. John?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And first, go to line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the question. Hi. Let's say, Don, maybe wanted to ask first just on the decision to stop originating indirect auto, so the $4.6 billion that'll run off, how long is it going to take for those to run up? I'm imagining three years or less. But I guess more importantly, do you guys feel like you can outrun that run-off and still generate net growth? For example, you know, via mortgage and Laurel Road where you’ve got strong origination outlooks?
Don Kimble: Sure, Scott, the average life of that portfolio was about 2.5 years. So, it will take probably in total about 5 years before it fully runs off. So, we will see declines each year in those balances. And Chris can highlight a little bit more as far as the rationale and thoughts as far as the exit of those originations, and also why we're excited about the consumer loan origination capacity we can generate now, so.
Chris Gorman: So, Scott, you know, we've talked a lot about relationships, we've talked a lot about targeted scale, and frankly the indirect book was from a quality perspective, it's just fine. From a return perspective, obviously, you can't generate the kind of relationship returns that we would expect because it's a single product. Conversely, as you look at our consumer business, you know, as you well know, two years ago we really didn't have a mortgage business. This year, we’ll originate more than 8 billion. Two years ago, we didn't have a Laurel Road business. This year will generate more than 2 billion, and we have big plans, obviously to continue to grow both of those. So, the premise of your question, do we think we can outrun it in our consumer business? We do, and we think we can do it on a relationship basis, and really use our capital to support our clients or for other things, whether it's stock buybacks or whatever that we think are better use of capital.
Scott Siefers: Alright, perfect. Thank you. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. And then separately, just sort of a top level question, you know, now that, sort of – coming out of the worst of the pandemic, you know, a lot of banks are going to be kind of applying lessons learned from, you know, ability to operate without the same sort of infrastructure, just curious how you guys are thinking about the branch footprint, if you might see any opportunities for something broader to do on the cost side here as we sort of stare down a challenging revenue environment for the next couple of years?
Chris Gorman: Sure, Scott. We think the pandemic certainly accelerated some trends that were already there. Just to give you some texture, you know, when we bought First Niagara, we had 1,600 branches. Today, we have 1,077. We've invested heavily in digital. Our digital take up – you know, more than 60% of our customers are now digitally active. And so, we actually think there is a significant opportunity to take a look at the fleet, and we're in the final throwes of planning that, and you – we’ll have more to say on that in January. But in addition to some other things that are fundamental changes, we do think there'll be a change in kind of how we look at the density of our branches. And as you know, we're in some fast-growing areas where we have relatively thin branch footprints and we think we can replicate that and get the mix right of digital and physical in other parts of our franchise.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. Alright. So, I’ll stay tuned until January then. Good. Alright. Well, thank you. I’d appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe: Hey, thanks. Don, you mentioned that you expect the $20 million to $25 million of PPP accelerated amortization in fourth quarter. I think you're actually one of the only banks that I've heard of so far, at least, that's building that in. I think most are looking at first quarter. Has the SBA actually opened up the portal or the forgiveness portal? And are they approving loans or is this sort of a question mark in terms of whether or not it actually goes into fourth quarter and not based on the SBA?
Don Kimble: No. We were hearing earlier that several other banks were using the same type of assumptions or if not even more aggressive as far as the prepayment. But the SBA has opened. We've actually started to see some of the requests from customers go through and actually get funded here recently, too. So, it still is more of a trickle, but we're starting to see volumes and activity levels pick up, and that's what gives us the basis for our outlook.
Ken Zerbe: Okay, that's great. And then, the other question I had, I guess, what are you guys planning to do with the excess liquidity on the balance sheet? Like, how quickly can you deploy? Do you want to deploy it? You know, where's it going into? Thanks.
Don Kimble: Yeah. We've been looking at all different kinds of uses of that and whether or not we can put it to better use than just sitting in cash. Our challenge right now is that we tend to keep a fairly conservative investment portfolio and really don't want to venture into credit risk in that area. And so, the returns on similar type of agency securities that we would invest in are right around the 100 basis points. And so, we'll continue to assess that to see if we lean into that a little bit more. I would say that we, on a trial basis, started to do – buy some longer dated assets and put some forward starting swaps against that that will convert that asset to a variable rate, say, five years down the road, which is better aligned with our overall strategy and risk profile. And so, we'll consider doing things like that. But near term, I think we will continue to see elevated levels of liquidity, including cash and treasury bills just because we feel that that's more prudent for us to do in this environment.
Ken Zerbe: Alright, great. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Chris Gorman : Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: My first question is for you, Don. I think that investor conversations have turned from, you know, simply credit to thinking about banks on a normalized return basis. And so, as I think about the progression of net interest income from that [$1.06 billion], so if we exclude PPP, any PPP impact, I’m wondering if you could help us in terms of, you know, the walk to, you know, what the quarterly run rate could look like in 2021 ex-PPP because, you know, obviously, the run-off of the indirect portfolio is new news versus, you know, your high cash levels that Ken just mentioned that you could possibly redeploy versus I think there's a $40 million swing in hedge income contribution from this quarter to perhaps fourth quarter of 2021? So, any help you can give in terms of, you know, how we think about where your net interest income could bottom, and you know, of course not assuming any loan growth or any changes in the rate environment?
Don Kimble: You know, we'll provide more specifics on 2021 in January. I would say that as far as some of the moving parts that you're right, that our swap portfolio will continue to mature over time. I would say that as we highlight on Slide 20 that there are a number of fixed rate type of asset classes, including the swaps, the loan portfolio, and also the investment portfolio. And I would say that as we look at how we're positioned compared to others, we think that we're right in line with peers as far as that relative mix – as far as fixed rate assets. As we look at going forward, we think that our margin will probably bottom out something fairly close to where we're at today with over time having a redeployment of some of that liquidity into other loan categories, whether it's consumer or at some point in time seeing some commercial loan growth back up again. And so, the pressure from these rates and the impact on the maturity and the rollover of those fixed rate asset classes would be offset by the utilization of some of those liquidity sources. And so, that would include in that outlook some reinvestment of or, excuse me, prepayment of those PPP loans.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just a follow up question, and maybe this one – this is for Chris. You know, clearly in 2020, it was an exceptional year. As we think about 2021 and you sort of teased out a potential announcement and are thinking about infrastructure and branches for January. You know, if you think – as you weigh the revenue headwinds with efficiency opportunities, do you think KeyCorp can get back on positive operating leverage track next year?
Chris Gorman: I do. I do. And, you know, continuous improvement, Erika, is part of our culture. Each year, we've taken out sort of 3% to 5% and used that as raw material to invest and we will continue to do that. I think there's some fundamental changes in the way banking is done and I am confident in both the trajectory of our earning streams and also our ability to manage our expenses. You know, we do have kind of a unique situation this quarter and that half of the year-over-year increase is attributable to prepaid cards. I'm not saying that that's completely non-recurring, but I will say that we've invested a bunch of time, energy, people and technology to tamp that down. So, the answer to your question is yes.
Erika Najarian: Great. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. 
Chris Gorman : Good morning. 
Matt O'Connor: I just want to follow up on the exit of the indirect auto. I mean it’s not that big of a deal, but it's also a portfolio that you've been growing, I think pretty nicely, you know, just in the past years here. I think that was kind of one of the strategic additions you got from First Niagara. So, I'm just wondering, like, has something changed in the marketplace in the last, you know, three or six months? Or let me just elaborate on kind of the timing now, especially at a time when, you know, there's just not a lot of loan growth for the industry overall?
Chris Gorman: So, Matt, the real timing is we've now successfully, from a standing start, built the Laurel Road platform and our [mortgage] platform. When we acquired First Niagara in 2016, we really didn't have an engine for consumer loans and it was a good bridge. It being, indirect auto was a good bridge, but we've always stayed pretty true to the notion that we're a relationship bank and we're focused on targeted scale where we can be relevant. And as we look at that portfolio, in conjunction with the returns, it just didn't achieve what we wanted it to do vis-à-vis investing our capital elsewhere. Now, in terms of anything changing in the market, this isn't what drove the decision, but as you know, the automobile market right now is very hot. Our analysts’ thinks that sales at retail next year will be up like 9.5%. The value of used vehicles right now, because of shutdowns due to COVID-19 are up 15% or 20%. That's not what drove the decision, but that is a fundamental macro driver that's out there.
Matt O'Connor: And then, I understand how mortgage is a relationship product, but just reminder us on Laurel Road? How you’ve transform that into more of a relationship product versus kind of a one-off? 
Chris Gorman: Sure. So this is something that we're frankly very excited about. We're building a national digital bank and it's going to be focused on healthcare professionals. And so, we've already obviously built the loan consolidation business, that's all digital. Then in many cases, within six months, something like 50% of those customers that refinance their doctor and dental school loans, buy a home. We've now built a complete digital mortgage application. And where we can take it from there is, on a national basis, to be really focused, Matt, around doctors and dentists in terms of opening accounts, et cetera. And that will open up then the opportunity for us, in the case of dentists most, because they're mostly independent business people as opposed to doctors who are part of large groups. That will give us an avenue to do a lot with them. So, we see Laurel Road as a platform that we've grown a lot. It's been – it's achieved everything we hoped it would and we think there's a lot to do on top of it. And then, one other area where we could potentially focus is expand beyond doctors and dentists, but within healthcare. Healthcare, as you know, is – you know, 18% of the GDP [go into 20, kind of 4 trillion go or 6 trillion go into 8 trillion]. So, that's how we're thinking about it.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next, we’ll go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Chris. Good morning, Don.
Chris Gorman: Good morning
Don Kimble: Good morning
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys share with us – I think you mentioned on the call that you're at the top-end of your capital guidelines of 9.5%. We know the share repurchase programs have been temporarily suspended by the Federal Reserve at least through the end of the year. Can you share with us your thinking of share repurchases for 2021 and where you'd like to bring that capital ratio down to? And because the change in the stress test where the Fed does not approve any longer a bank’s plan to buy back stock or pay a dividend as long as you surpass the required minimum capital ratio, you've got, you know, the latitude or the optionality to kind of do the buyback the way you see it fit. So could you give us some thoughts on, could you ever consider a Dutch option if, you know, this suspension goes into the second half of next year in your capital ratios in the high nines to do one big buyback at one time to bring down the capital ratio?
Don Kimble: Gerard, this is Don, and as far as the share repurchases, we feel very good about where our capital position is today. I would say to your points that we would expect that the capital ratios to continue to increase as long as we're not buying back shares. And so, we highlighted that we're up 40 basis points as far as the consideration for when we would be back in the buy shares that we'd want to have a little bit better clarity as far as the clear direction on the economy and where that's heading and making sure that we continue to have the capital to support our customers, support our organic growth and continue to support the dividend. And so, those would be priorities for us above just the share buyback. One other potential consideration is that with the impact of the CECL accounting change and how it impacts our capital ratios, there's about a 30 basis point or so impact that we'll see over time there as well, but we do feel very good about where we're at from a capital perspective. I do believe that it will increase, and if available and things allow and permit, we could consider adjustments that would allow us to probably more proactively manage that overall share count with either a large share repurchase program or market purchases like we've done in the past.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then, circling back to credit, obviously, Key in the past has had issues with credit during a recession and I know it's been a goal of management to prove to investors that's not going to be the case in this cycle. If we exclude, for a moment, the change in mix of your portfolio today versus what it was like in 2007 and you take a look at, obviously, the government fiscal programs that have been implemented to help people through this downturn, what are you guys seeing today that really strikes you is different than what you've seen in the past on the behaviors of your borrowers?
Don Kimble: Yes. Maybe I'll go ahead and start, Gerard, and Chris and Mark might have some thoughts to add to that. But I would say this is the biggest difference that I would see and this was just coming in the midstream in this. But the – Key really has pivoted to a relationship strategy. And if you take a look at where the portfolio was before the last crisis, it was more transaction oriented as opposed to relationship. And so, we had outsize exposure and some commercial real estate developers and it was more on the project as opposed to an ongoing steady stream of cash flow for us. And so, I'd say that the migration to that relationship strategy is having a huge payback for us. On the consumer side, we're following similar trends, and it's a very high quality, very consistent portfolio, and as we’ve talked earlier, we really want to continue to have that more on a relationship type of approach as opposed to transactions. I don’t know, Chris, what would you add to that?
Chris Gorman: No. What I would add, it's been a 10-year journey. After the financial crisis, we sat down and evaluated where we lost money, how we lost money, and it – basically it was principally in real estate. It was project-level real estate. It was where we didn't have a deep relationship. In some cases, it was business that was indirect business, third-party business. And we went about the business of de-risking our portfolio and we have been disciplined enough that we have foregone revenues such that we could position ourselves so we have the capital and the ability to support our clients and targeted prospects in an environment like this. The other thing I would just remind everyone of is, of the capital we raised for our customers, Gerard. You know, only 18% of it goes onto our balance sheet, and so, that too is something that I think is unique for us and that we can serve our clients without necessarily putting it on our balance sheet, but it's – you're exactly right, it's been a long journey.
Gerard Cassidy: Great, thank you.
Don Kimble : Thanks, Gerard.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache : Thank you. Good morning, Chris and Don. Thanks for the disclosures on Slide 20. I wanted to ask about the hedging program run-off on the bottom right hand side of the slide. Is the right way to read this chart that if we multiply the weighted average yield by the notional value of the on and off balance sheet hedges we get the quarterly contribution from the hedging program. And if so, it looks like the declining hedging benefit would translate into $160 million headwind in 2021 and $114 million headwind in 2022. Is that the right thought process?
Don Kimble: I would say that this assumes that we have no replacement of the slots going forward. So this is just a run off of the existing book. And so, depending upon where the yield curve moves and how that would reposition, we could see some differences there. And then, also it would assume that we're taking no other actions on balance sheet to minimize or mitigate some of that impact.
Bill Carcache: Understood. And if I may, just as a follow-up, so beyond the hedging portfolio run-off, can you discuss a little bit maybe just some color on the front book, back book dynamics, if the low rate environment persists? Maybe just give us a sense of how much you're receiving in paydowns of back book loans and securities that would have to get redeployed, and you know, what the yield differential is between new money rates, you know, now and what's coming off?
Don Kimble: Sure can. Generally our loan portfolio has an average life of about three years and so to just use that as a proxy for, kind of a roll-off that we would have on the portfolio and re-pricing. If you take a look at our C&I and most of our commercial portfolios, they tend to be LIBOR based. I'd say that the spreads on new originations are fairly consistent overall with what the back book would have and not seeing a lot of change in that overall re-pricing for that portfolio.  We have seen a little bit more acceptance of [some floors] that have been placed on the products, and so, that will be helpful for us going forward. But that book has a general rule. It doesn't have a lot of re-pricing or risk from that perspective. If you look at some of the fixed rate portfolios, residential mortgage, it's a fairly new portfolio for us. We are seeing growth there that I think that the current yield on that portfolio on balance sheet is around a [350 or so] as far as residential. Current production is closer to a 3% kind of overall yield for that portfolio. So, a little bit below current average rate, but not significantly different. As far as some of the other consumer categories, whether it's a home equity or Laurel Road student loans or some of the other categories, we're looking at probably about a 80 basis point or so gap between what the existing portfolio is compared to what the legacy book is on that side. For the investment portfolio that – for the core portfolio, excluding the treasury bills that we've been adding as far as some of the excess liquidity position, we're seeing a roll-off of those yields around the 240 and a replacement yield of around a 1%, so about 140 basis points of shift there. Keep in mind too, that, as we highlighted on the deposit side, we're expecting to see our average interest bearing cost of deposits decreased by 6 basis points to 9 basis points in the fourth quarter and we should see some additional opportunities for benefit there going forward as well, and so, probably at a slower pace, but still helping to offset or minimize some of the exposure there.
Bill Carcache: It's super helpful. Thank you for all the additional details.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks. Guys, I was wondering if you can dig in a little bit more on the outlook for loans. So obviously, not surprising to see the declines this quarter from the paydowns and you mentioned that loans will continue to detract going forward a little bit, but what do you see in terms of just any change in improvement and activity on the manufacturing side, on inventory, et cetera, that we might look forward and start to see a point of stabilization? Some others are even wanting to grow, so just your broader outlook on the potential inflection on loans? Thanks.
Chris Gorman: Yes, Ken. It’s Chris. Good morning. So there's no question that as we look at our C&I book, the utilization is below where we would have thought it would be right now. It's frankly below the beginning of the COVID-19 crisis. I think there's a few things that can serve as a driver to loan growth on the C&I side. One is an inventory rebuild, and as the economy ramps up – I mean, to state the obvious, as the economy ramps down, these companies throw off a lot of cash; as it ramps up, they consume cash. I think that could give us an opportunity as well. The other thing that is going on, you know, M&A discussions, you know, in the beginning of the second quarter were non-existent. As we look at what are the discussions we're having with our customers day-in and day-out, I think people are really starting – you won't see it in the fourth quarter, but people are really starting to think strategically. Just this week, I met with three clients and they are in areas that you would think that might still be hunkered down and they are really starting to think strategically. So, I think the levers on the C&I book will be transactional, but even before transactional, you know, I'd like to see obviously, some greater utilization. I think those are a couple opportunities.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then, on the follow-up to that on the corporate activity side, I just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the pipeline for investment banking and what the mix of investment banking, you know has been in terms of like the public versus private in CRE markets? Like is any of that kind of back to a normal or still have, you know, good pipelines ahead, if you could fill that in to? Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So as we look forward, I would describe the pipelines as solid. The real variable was our M&A business, which is a strong business, which basically, you know, was non-existent, as I mentioned, kind of in the second quarter. Our backlogs now, Ken, in M&A are equal to what they were going into the crisis, and obviously, a lot of deals went away. So, I find that to be encouraging. As I look at our fees, you know, this quarter, we were about at $146 million. I believe we’ll be up in the fourth quarter. I don't think it'll be at the record, Ken. We've had $200 million quarters before. I don't think we'll be at $200 million, but we'll certainly be somewhere between $146 million and $200 million. The pipelines are solid. The real estate commercial mortgage business is, obviously, in this rate environment, continues to be pretty strong.
Ken Usdin: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: And next, we'll go to a John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
John Pancari: I want to see if we can get some incremental color on risk of migration this quarter with a 24% increase in your criticized assets. Just want to see if you can give us a little bit of the granularity on what drove that migration and what asset types? And then, also is that increase in criticized reflected at this point in your existing loan loss reserves? Thanks.
Don Kimble: Sure. I'll go ahead and answer the last part of that question first, and then, Mark can help provide some of the clarity as far as migration. But as far as our loan loss reserve that we established at June 30, and now it's September 30, keep in mind, under CECL that you're looking for the life of loan type of losses. And so, embedded in there is the assumption that you're going to see migration into criticized and classified and increase losses throughout the next several quarters. And so, those were all baked into both June 30 and September 30. If we look at where we're at today, whether it's criticized, classified, charge-offs and non-performing, we're actually better [at September 30] than what our models would have assumed as of June 30 for this first quarter of that time period. And so, we're actually seeing better credit quality migration than what would have been expected and contemplated as part of our June 30 reserves. Mark?
Mark Midkiff: Yes. 
Don Kimble : [Indiscernible] areas of that migration.
Mark Midkiff: Yes. That [indiscernible] done better than what we would have forecasted on the migration. And the drivers really are the same things you're seeing in the focus areas in the disclosure. So, the consumer business is – so consumer discretionary, consumer services, you know, the oil and gas business, some transportation, so it's really those are the drivers that we see.
John Pancari: Okay. All right, thanks. And then, another question just on credit, if you – you know, it sounds like you're confident in the adequacy of where the reserve stands now. So, if the charge-off continues to rise as they did this quarter, for the fourth quarter and beyond, would you expect that you would under provide for those charge-offs?
Don Kimble: We've talked before about how the CECL works, and really there's three drivers to it. One is what's the economic outlook. And so, I would hesitate to try to speculate or guess as to what that will be as of December 31, given the environment that we're in and given how election is right around the corner as well. But that will clearly impact the overall reserve levels. And if I look at between the second quarter and the third quarter assumption sets, what we saw as far as that economic outlook was probably a better near-term performance was actually realized in the September summary than what we would have assumed in the June summary. But longer-term, the recovery rate was a little slower. So, unemployment levels remained a little bit higher in our September 30 [and GDP] level, our recovery was a little slower than what we would have assumed. And so, generally maybe a little bit slight negative as far as the overall impact there. And so, first is economic outlook. Second would be migration of the portfolio that – as we just talked about that our loss models that are used for CECL will assume that the portfolio goes through a specific migration based on the economic outlook. And so, if you perform better or worse in that migration, you would see a need to either increase or decrease the reserves. And then, the third would be the new loan production. And as we highlighted last quarter on the call, normally, for a loan production that would imply a provision expense of $80 million to $100 million a quarter versus the $160 million that we had this quarter. And so, that's elevated compared to what we normally would have expected as far as just matching the loan production. This quarter, what we did do was to actually supplement what our quantitative models would have produced. And so, we added about $100 million between model overlays and also our qualitative assessment to the reserve to bump up the reserves just to make sure that we weren't recognizing too quickly the benefit of that migration and given the economic uncertainty that we're still facing right now. And so, we think that was a prudent thing for us to do and we would have seen a lower level of provision if we had not had done that this quarter.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks, Don. That's very helpful.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi, just in simple terms, why did you guys build reserves this quarter when many of your peers didn't? And where do you think charge-offs 49 basis points in the third quarter peak? And when do you think that happens? 
Don Kimble: Sure, as far as the building reserve, I say it's fairly modest and what we wanted to do was to make sure that we weren't taking credit too early, as far as the better than expected migration and also uncertainty on the overall economic outlook. And so, we felt that was appropriate to do. Last quarter, we were being challenged as to whether or not our reserves were adequate. And we still are a little low compared to peers as far as the reserves. And so that also influenced our assessment as to whether or not we want to show reserve declines this quarter. And so we decided to go in and layer on top of that some additional model overlays, and also qualitative reserves. And so, if you look at our total allowance for credit losses, Mike, it's at 1.88%. And if our average loan life is roughly three years, that would imply charge offs around 60 basis points for some time, and I would say that as we take a look at what our projections would have, we would probably see some continuing [indiscernible] increases through the middle of next year, and that would probably be the peak and then start to trail off again.
Mike Mayo: So the peak would be like double or 70, or 80 or? I mean, I know, not many have given this, but some have.
Don Kimble: I would say that it would be elevated a little bit from the 49 basis points, and we're talking about 55 to 65 next quarter. Do they go up a little bit from there, yes, but their probably not doubling from here.
Mike Mayo: Okay, and then the tougher question. So, 2% of your loans are in forbearance and you said that's down significantly, I guess that's 1.6 commercial, 2.3% consumer. If the music were to stop today, because at some point, you'll start with the forbearance, what would be the impact on charge-offs and revenues?
Don Kimble: As far as charge offs, I mean, one we've already built in extra reserves for those loans are in forbearance. And so I think that's an appropriate consideration there. Two, if we look at the forbearance and especially on the commercial side, we're not just automatically granting forbearance. We've got to work with the customer and make sure that we understand that this truly is a bridge for them on an interim basis and this isn't just a delay of the inevitable. And so, we are taking a look at credit quality without the full benefit of that forbearance. I would say that on the consumer side, even though we have loans in forbearance, we're still very happy with the quality of that underlying customer base, but still have consumers that will eventually have the capacity to continue to repay that the collateral values for those products, whether it's a home equity or residential mortgage are still quite strong. And so, I wouldn't see that as a significant impact as far as either charge offs or P&L for us as those would mature. Mark, [want to share your thoughts here]?
Mark Midkiff: Yeah, I'd say the same, and they do continue to come down. And we – also what rolls off of and exits we're seeing really high current rates, you know, sort of 96%, 97% or higher. So, seeing good performance.
Mike Mayo: And if I can just squeeze in one more, Chris, acquisitions, bank acquisition, the environment, I mean the competitors are under pressure, the industry is rather under pressure. What's the appetite?
Chris Gorman: So, as you know, we've been successful in acquiring niche businesses and I think you can expect us to continue to look at those. I'm really proud of the fact that we've been able to acquire, you know, born digital companies and successfully integrate those investment banking boutiques and integrate those. In terms of whole bank acquisitions, that's not really a focus of ours, Mike. We think we have everything we need to be successful. And we think the right strategy is to execute our strategy to create value for the shareholders.
Mike Mayo: All right, thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question will be from Steve Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Janet Lee: Good morning. This is Janet Lee on Steve. Of the 23 million quarter-over-quarter increase in card and payment income this quarter, what percentage of that is from the prepaid card activity supporting state government programs that is going to start winding down in 2021? And also, can you comment on the level of organic spending and transaction volumes during the quarter, excluding the prepaid card activity? Thanks.
Don Kimble : Sure, can. As far as the percentage increase, I would say the majority of the increase in that cards and payments related revenues was related to the prepaid card activity. Keep in mind also that we saw a similar increase in the expense was linked quarter and so the earnings risk for that is nominal as far as a change is on that front. As far as the activity for other card balances that – I would say that in the third quarter, we're seeing levels that are fairly comparable to what we would have seen as far as spend on both the credit card and debit card, and maybe transaction counts might be a little lower on debit card, but the average ticket size is a little higher. And so, we're seeing getting closer to return to normal. I don’t know, Chris any thoughts there?
Chris Gorman: No. Obviously, the mix has changed a bit there's – people aren't traveling, people aren't going to restaurants, but in the third quarter it actually the spend eclipsed that of the third quarter of last year.
Janet Lee: All right, that's helpful. And my follow up is on the deferral. On your 1.8 billion loans on deferral, how much of that is on loans and COVID-19 exposed categories, and which industry are you seeing the highest fee deferral rates?
Don Kimble: Mark, do you have thoughts on that, as far as, I would say generally that we're seeing a higher percentage in those industries, but I don't know that there is any one section.
Mark Midkiff : One that kind of stands out and the referral rates are, you know, it's been in the kind of 15% range has been very, very low.
Janet Lee: Alright, that's helpful. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take another question from line of Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Thanks for squeezing me in. A couple of follow-ups. First, here on the prepaid card income, you just mentioned that, you know the majority of increase are for almost all the increase, you know [payments] come from that canes come from that and payments. Is it fair to say that, it seems like your guidance for fourth quarter still includes pretty elevated level of prepaid income and associated expenses? Is that correct and can you just help us understand what kind of magnitude is sort of baked into the fourth quarter?
Don Kimble: I would say both the revenues and expenses remain elevated, compared to the normal levels, but down slightly from what we have seen in the third quarter. And so, there's a number of different things would drive both the revenue and expenses. And we were seeing some of the activity levels for those areas declined slightly in our outlook.
Saul Martinez: Got it. And secondly, I wanted to go back to the earlier question on hedges, I want to clear if you blessed [indiscernible] or not, but you know, based on that, can you just help us understand what is the sort of NII protection that you're currently getting from your swamp of just doing the math on, you know, Slide 20? Seems like it's in the neighborhood of about 500 million or 730 million a quarter with a weighted average maturity of 3.4 years showing this, you know, rolls off over six, seven years, you know, which would imply sort of $82 million headwinds, you know, annually from just – and I say, no, this is assuming no replacements, and no other stuff that can do to offset it. But I mean, is that math broadly correct, if that's, you know, kind of the protection you're getting today, and the run-off will provide something close to say $80 million, $90 million, $100 million headwind annually, or is that completely off?
Don Kimble: Well keep in mind that as we look at our loan portfolio 70% plus is variable. That's different than many of our peers, and so if you look at the swap book that we have, it really is to shift the actual net adjusted position to be more in-line with peers as far as that overall [6 percentage]. I would say, as far as the math, I think we're right around 27 basis points of our margin this quarter, relates to the benefit from interest rate swaps, and so the math probably isn't too far off.  I'd have to go back and recalculate all those numbers to make sure that we're [indiscernible] things there, but that is, if you just look at that one light item would be correct. But keep in mind that we were also seeing a corresponding reduction in our net interest income coming from those commercial loans that are LIBOR based that we use these to hedge that impact. And so, it's difficult to say just looking at that one-line item, what's the impact, but you have to look at the overall balance sheet and the move is on not only the asset side, but the liability side to see that the true impact is going forward.
Saul Martinez: Got it. All right. That's super helpful. Thank you very much.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And with that, I'll turn the call over to the company for any closing comments.
Chris Gorman: Well, thank you operator. Again, we thank all of you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations Team 216-689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Chris Gorman. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Joining me for the call are Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as question-and-answer segment of our call. I'm now moving to Slide 3. As you saw in our press release this morning, we reported second quarter earnings of $0.16 per share, our results included a provision for loan losses, which exceeded net charge-offs by $386 million or $.34 per share. Our strong results for the quarter are attributable to resiliency and dedication of our team and their commitment to serving our clients, our strong balance sheet and our disciplined risk management practices. Importantly, for the quarter, we generated positive operating leverage compared with the year ago period. Additionally, we reported a record level of pre-provision net revenue. Revenue was up 17% from the prior quarter, also a record, reflecting double-digit growth in both loans and deposits as well as broad-based growth of our fee-based businesses, driven by strength in our capital markets businesses, cards and payments businesses and consumer mortgage. Our consumer mortgage business demonstrated continued momentum with a record second quarter performance. Originations of $2.2 billion were up 100% year-over-year, and consumer mortgage fee income of $62 million more than tripled from last year. Our performance further demonstrated the success of our recent investments in residential mortgage. Our pipeline is currently at record levels. And as such, we expect continued strong performance in the second half of 2020. Expenses for this quarter reflected higher production-related incentives, costs related to our payments business and COVID-19-related expenses, including steps that we continue to take to ensure the health and safety of our teammates. We also supported our clients by offering payment deferrals, hardship support, borrower assistance programs and forbearance options to help provide a bridge for individuals and businesses through these uncertain times. Notably, we were very active in the Paycheck Protection Program. We were the seventh overall lender in the program and processed over $8 billion in funding to support our clients. Funding that saved hundreds of thousands of jobs. Now turning to credit quality. We have continued to benefit from our strong risk culture. Our moderate risk profile informs all of our credit decisions. Net charge-offs for the third quarter were 36 basis points. In our deck, we have highlighted several commercial portfolios that continue to receive heightened monitoring in this environment. Don will cover these focus areas in his comments. These portfolios have generally been performing consistent with our expectations given the environment in which we are operating. We also increased our loan loss reserve this quarter as our provision expenses significantly exceeded net charge-offs. Our allowance to loan losses as a percentage of period-end loans now stands at 1.61% or 1.73%, excluding PPP loans. Finally, we have maintained our strong capital position while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. In the second quarter, our common equity Tier 1 ratio increased to 9.1%, which is within our targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. Earlier this month, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.185 per share for the third quarter, and that is consistent with our second quarter level. I will close by restating that Key had a strong quarter. We remain confident both in our ability to achieve our financial targets and, importantly, the long-term outlook for our company. We have positioned the company to perform through various business cycles, including highly stressed periods like the one we are operating in today. We will continue to support our clients and play a role to help revitalize our economy. Key remains well capitalized, highly liquid and committed to maintaining our moderate risk profile. Most importantly, we remain committed to delivering value for all of our stakeholders. Now let me turn the call over to Don to go through the results of the quarter. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Chris. I'm now on Slide 5. As Chris said, we reported second quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.16 per common share. Notable this quarter was our provision expense that exceeded net charge-offs by $386 million or $0.34 per share. Our results also reflected strong growth in our balance sheet with double-digit growth in both loans and deposits. Fees were also a standout this quarter with strong results in a number of areas, including investment banking, cards and payments and consumer mortgage. I'll cover many of the remaining items on this slide in the rest of my presentation. Turning to Slide 6. Total average loans were $108 billion, up 19% from the second quarter of last year, driven by growth in both commercial and consumer loans. Commercial loans reflected an increase of over $8 billion in PPP balances or $6 billion on an average basis. Consumer loans benefited from the continued growth from Laurel Road and, as Chris mentioned, strong performance from residential mortgage business. Laurel Road originated $700 million of student consolidation loans this quarter, and we generated $2.2 billion of residential mortgage loans. The investments we have made in these areas continue to drive results and, importantly, add high-quality loans to our portfolio. Linked quarter average loan balances were up 12%. Importantly, we have remained disciplined with our credit underwriting and then walked away from business that does not meet our moderate risk profile. We remain committed to performing well through the business cycle, and we managed our credit quality with this longer-term perspective. Continuing on to Slide 7. Average deposits totaled $128 billion for the second quarter of 2020, up $18 billion or 17% compared to the year ago period, and up 16% from the prior quarter. The linked quarter increase reflects broad-based commercial growth as well as growth from consumer stimulus payments and lower consumer spending. This growth was offset by a decline in time deposits primarily related to lower interest rates. Growth from the prior year was driven by both consumer and commercial clients. Total interest-bearing deposit costs came down 39 basis points from the prior quarter, reflecting the impact of lower interest rates and the associated lag in pricing. We would expect deposit costs to continue to decline approximately 15 basis points in the third quarter. We continue to have strong, stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for over 60% of our total deposit mix. Turning to Slide 8. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.025 billion for the second quarter of 2020 compared to $989 million in both the year ago and prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.76% for the second quarter of 2020 compared with 3.06% in the same period a year – of last year, and 3.01% for the prior quarter. Both net interest income and net interest margin were meaningfully impacted by the significant growth in our balance sheet in the second quarter of 2020 due to the impact of government stimulus programs. The larger balance sheet benefited net interest income but reduced the net interest margin due to lower yields on the Paycheck Protection Program loans and significant increase in liquidity, driven by strong deposit inflows. Compared to the prior quarter, net interest income increased $36 million, driven by higher earning asset balances, partially offset by a lower net interest margin. The net interest margin was impacted by lower interest rates and a change in the balance sheet, including elevated levels of liquidity and, as I mentioned, our participation in the PPP program. Liquidity levels negatively impacted the margin by 12 basis points. Lower interest rates caused 7 basis points of pressure, and PPP and other combined for 6 basis points of reduced net interest margin. Moving to Slide 9. Our fee-based businesses had a very strong quarter. Noninterest income was $692 million for the second quarter of 2020 compared to $622 million for the year ago period and $477 million in the first quarter. Compared to the year ago period, noninterest income increased $70 million. The primary driver was an increase of $47 million in consumer mortgage business with a record level of loan originations and related fees in the second quarter of 2020. Cards and payments income also increased $18 million related to prepaid card activity from state government support programs, and operating lease expense increased $16 million, driven by gains from leveraged leases. Service charges on deposit accounts declined $15 million in the year ago period, reflecting lower activity levels and a larger number of fee waivers. Compared to the first quarter of 2020, noninterest income increased by $215 million. The largest driver of the quarterly increase was an improvement in other income, primarily driven by $92 million of market-related valuation adjustments in the first quarter of 2020. Other significant drivers of the quarter-over-quarter increase included the record consumer mortgage quarter and leveraged lease gains that I had already discussed as well as a $40 million increase in investment banking and debt placement fees, driven by strong commercial mortgage and debt capital markets activity. I'm now turning to Slide 10. Total noninterest expense for the quarter was $1.013 billion compared to $1.0189 billion last year and $931 million in the prior quarter. The year ago quarter included $52 million of notable items, primarily personnel-related costs associated with our efficiency initiatives. Excluding these, expenses were up $46 million from the year ago period. The increase is primarily related to two main drivers, $25 million of payments- related expenses incurred in the current quarter as well as $13 million of COVID-19-related costs due to steps that the company has taken to ensure the health and safety of our teammates. Compared to the prior quarter, noninterest expense increased $82 million. The increase was largely due to higher incentive and stock-based compensation from strong revenue production in our investment banking and consumer mortgage businesses. Other drivers of the linked quarter increase included $25 million of payments related to cost and other COVID-19-related expenses. Moving now to Slide 11. As I mentioned earlier, the largest impact to our results this quarter is the build in our reserves. Our provision for credit losses exceeded net charge-offs by $386 million or $0.34 per share. Overall, credit quality trends this quarter remained very solid. Net charge-offs were $96 million or 36 basis points of average total loans. Nonperforming loans were $760 million this quarter or 72 basis points of period-end loans compared to $632 million or 61 basis points in the prior quarter. Additionally, delinquencies remained relatively stable, with less than a 1% increase in our 30- to 89-day past dues and the 90-day plus category declining quarter-over-quarter. We've also continued to monitor the level of assistance requests that we received from our customers. Over the past quarter, the percent of loan forbearance has not changed materially. As of June 30, loans subject to forbearance terms were around 2% based on the number of accounts for both commercial and consumer loans, and about 4.5% when using outstanding balances. Turning to Slide 12. We also updated a disclosure that we included in our first quarter 10-Q that highlights certain industries or customer groups that are receiving greater focus in the environment. These portfolios represent a small percentage of our total loan balances. Importantly, as Chris mentioned, as a group, they continue to perform consistent with our expectations. Each relationship in these focus areas continues to be subject to active reviews and enhanced monitoring. The outstanding balances shown are as of June 30 and reflect some of the draw activity that occurred late in the quarter. Now on to Slide 13. We continue to maintain a strong level of capital. This quarter, our common equity Tier 1 ratio increased from 8.9% to 9.1%, which places us back in the targeted range of 9% to 9.5%. We believe that operating within our targeted range will provide us sufficient capacity to continue to support our customers and their borrowing needs and, over time, return capital to our shareholders. As Chris mentioned earlier this month, our Board of Directors approved a third quarter common dividend of $0.185 per share, which was consistent with our second quarter dividend level. On Slide 14, we provided our best insights for the third quarter, recognizing that we're still moving through some unchartered territory. We expect average loans to be relatively stable, reflecting a reduction in commercial line draws and more modest growth in our consumer portfolio. Average deposits are expected to remain relatively stable in the third quarter. Our outlook for net interest income would be for a low single-digit increase, reflecting a relatively stable balance sheet and modest improvement in net interest margin. Noninterest income in the third quarter will likely include a step-down from the record consumer mortgage fees we saw in this quarter and lower gains from operating leases. Overall, I would expect a high single-digit linked-quarter decline in noninterest income. Noninterest expenses are expected to be down low single digits but are highly dependent on production and on related incentive compensation, ongoing cost to support our payments business and COVID-related expenses. Net charge-offs are expected to be in the 50 to 60 basis point range. This environment continues to change rapidly, which can impact the outlook and comments we've provided. Finally, shown at the bottom of the slide are our long-term targets. Given the economic downturn, we would not expect to achieve our targets this year. However, as we emerge from the current crisis, we expect to be back on the path that would lead us to operate within these target ranges. Importantly, we have not wavered from our commitment to achieve our long-term targets. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks, guys. Good morning, everyone.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Ken Usdin: I just wanted to kind of ask about the outlook for reserving, Don, following on your points. You took a bigger reserve this quarter, some of the underlyings are understandably moving. The questions coming up on all bank calls, how do we know, at 1.73% ex PPP on the ACL, that's the comfort level where you guys want to live given the underlying trends? And how do you think will outlook look for you in terms of reserve builds? Thanks.
Don Kimble: Yes. We believe that our allowance as of June 30 was based on what we consider to be very reasonable kind of economic outlooks. And as a general rule, we would start with the Moody's consensus estimate for the outlook. And I would say that unlike the first quarter, if you look at the outlook that we used to establish our June 30 reserves, we haven't seen much of a change in that through the early parts of July. You contrast that with what we saw in the first quarter where the estimates that we used as of March 31 did decline, and so we had an expectation that there would be reserve builds, that we believe that the reserves are reasonable. I think it's also reflective of the nature and composition of our portfolio. And I would say that we're 75% commercial and 25% consumer. And the consumer loans generally would have a higher reserve level to total loans and also a higher coverage ratio, if you would take a look at the reserves to what this severely adverse scenarios might improve on.
Ken Usdin: Got it. And just second one on NII. You gave the 6 basis point impact of PPP in the NIM calculation. Can you just help us understand what the dollars impact was and what your yield on the PPP part of the portfolio is and how you're accounting for the fees and such? Thanks, Don.
Don Kimble: Sure. Sure. That the average yield on the loans themselves are 1% as set by the program. We do take the estimated fees and amortized it over the average two-year life that's assumed in the portfolio, and so the blended yield that we would have for that loan is north of 2.25%. And then we would just assign a cost of funds to that loan product in order to determine what the impact is to our overall NIM. And this quarter, about half of that 6 basis points was related to PPP, and we had some other miscellaneous items, including some of the ineffectiveness of the swap portfolio and things like that, that also had a drag on the NIM this quarter.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Thanks, Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
John Pancari: On – back to Ken's question around the reserve. You mentioned the macro assumptions. If you could just give us a little more color on that. Was it purely Moody's that you went with? And I guess what I'm also interested is, how does it differ from the severely-adverse DFAST? I mean your reserve right now is about half of the October 2018 mid-cycle, the most recent one that you disclosed of your company run. So I'm just trying to kind of triangulate the difference there between where you came out on DFAST on a stress scenario versus where your reserve is sitting at now. Thanks.
Don Kimble: Sure. And a couple of things. One, the DFAST assumptions and the stress loss models are different than what you would have for CECL. And for CECL, it's a life of loan, which would have a different set of assumptions than what you would be using for some of the stress scenarios. The stress scenarios will also assume that you could have losses on loans that are originated during that stress period. And so there are some differences there that would be unique. If you look at the economic assumptions that we use, we start again with that consensus estimates. We do make adjustments. We have some qualitative adjustments we make to the allowance based on different factors, including the currency of some of our loan grades and things like that, and so it does result in some adjustments up. But our base economic assumptions would have had, for example, an unemployment rate in the fourth quarter of 2020 of 9% and would continue in the upper single digits throughout 2021. It would also assume that we don't get back to a GDP level that we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2019 until late in the second half of 2021. And so these assumptions are fairly conservative. I would say that the other thing that does come into play for our models and also for our outlook is the significant impact that the stimulus programs have provided. The Cares Act and other stimulus have both helped provide a bridge for some of the commercial customers with PPP program and others and also for consumers. Just with the additional unemployment support that the consumers have received are at a level that would not have been contemplated with the stress scenarios in the DFAST results.
John Pancari: Okay, thanks. That’s helpful. And then separately, just want to get a little bit of additional detail around the – on the credit side. I mean your NPAs were up a bit in the quarter and your criticized asset looks like they legged up as well. I'm assuming that pressure is going to be in the COVID-sensitive areas, but just wanted to get a little more clarity on where you're seeing that stress start to hit.
Don Kimble: No. You're absolutely right. More than 100% of the increase in both those categories came in, in areas related to COVID. I mean whether it's oil and gas or some of the consumer-based commercial businesses are driving that increase for both NPLs and for criticized and classified.
Chris Gorman: The only – this is Chris, John. The only thing I'd add on the oil and gas portfolio, and I think this is an important distinction. Obviously, oil and gas went into the cycle down even prior to COVID. Two-thirds of our exposure is really reserve-based, which is really asset-based type lending, which is a self-correcting mechanism. What you'll see is the downstream exposure that we have is services, which is more cyclical than the industry as a whole, by strategy is a very small piece of our portfolio, which I just think is an important point.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: I'm going to just piggyback on Ken and John's question. When I'm looking at Slide 20 of your presentation, your allowance on your C&I portfolio is $124 million, which I always think about as what your expectations for the cumulative loss rate is for this cycle. And your peers are close to 2%. And I guess I'm wondering, in terms of that contrast that compares portfolio to portfolio, what gives you confidence that you'll significantly outperform your peers this cycle? And what kind of federal reserve or government stimulus assumptions are you making in terms of direct help to corporations that don't have access to the debt capital markets?
Don Kimble: Sure, Erika. As far as the reserve levels, I think that – and Chris highlighted this earlier, which is that we've had a significant change in our underlying credit profile for the company since the last downturn. And so I think that's important to note. If you take a look at where we're positioned as of the end of the current quarter, roughly 50% of our commercial portfolio is investment grade, and that's up from 42% just a year ago. And so we're seeing continued migration that would suggest that there is a strength as far as the core underlying credit relationship we have as a group. The other thing that would be a little bit different for us compared to some of the peers is the level of PPP loans that are included in that C&I category. The last piece, as far as government support, we're not assuming any additional government support beyond what was already passed and put through as part of the Cares Act. And so that's not a significant contribution to future loss assumptions other than what's already been realized or benefited as far as helping to provide some of that bridge through this interim period. So again, I think it's just more reflective of how we see that portfolio and the underlying credit quality that we see today.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And the second question is for Chris. So Chris, it's clear to the investor base that you have plenty of capital to withstand this cycle. And obviously, if you remain profitable, you won't even eat through that. However, the Fed threw us a curveball by implementing a separate income test that's separate from your capital levels. And I guess the question here is if this income test on dividends is extended beyond the third quarter, how are you balancing earning more than $0.185 essentially pre-preferred on a GAAP basis versus perhaps getting your reserve to a level where investors can compare it to peers and say that you're done for the cycle?
Chris Gorman: Well, so just a couple of quick questions – a couple of thoughts on that. One, obviously, at the end of the second quarter, our reserves are where we think they should be for the duration of the – through the credit cycle on a case-by-case basis. So we think that we're properly reserved. The other thing, Erika, to keep in mind is we have strong PPNR growth. I mean the two important things to be able to pay a dividend is to manage our credit really well and to have PPNR to support it. And we kind of checked both of those boxes. We were able to out-earn our dividend in spite of taking the $386 million reserve that we took in this quarter. So we feel good about where we are. It's obviously a dynamic environment, but we like the way we're positioned.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez from UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Hey, good morning, guys.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Saul Martinez: Just – the NII guide, does that include gains from PPP, the – on forgiveness? And just more broadly, how do we think – can you help us frame the potential size of that – of those gains? What kind of forgiveness rates? Are you thinking about timing? I know all of this is very, very fluid and subject to a fairly high margin of error, but if you can – I mean, $8 billion for you guys is pretty sizable and will impact NII assuming a fairly high forgiveness rate, which I think seems plausible. But if you can just help us understand the impact you're assuming for 3Q, if any, and how to think about the magnitude of these potential gains over the next coming quarters?
Don Kimble: Sure. I would say that we've already started to receive just a handful of requests this quarter as far as forgiveness from some of our customers. So our expectation for the third quarter does not have a significant contribution coming from that forgiveness, and therefore, the rapid – or acceleration of the recognition of fee income. We would think most of that would occur in the fourth quarter. We don't have any crystal ball that would say what the exact number would be, but we're expecting somewhere around 80% of those loans would probably be eligible for forgiveness and the remaining 20% would just pay down over time, but that's just a placeholder for now with, again, the majority of that coming in the fourth quarter.
Saul Martinez: But your guidance, does it explicitly contemplate anything in the third quarter? Or is it just…
Don Kimble: Yes. Very, very modest. Most of what's causing the growth for us in net interest income is the fact that we're still assuming that deposit rates will come down by an additional 15 basis points, and that offsets the impact from the further LIBOR reductions net of our hedging that we've put in place.
Saul Martinez: Okay. I guess a related question on NII that I don't fully grasp is that the average loan balance is being flat. Your period-end loans were about $106 billion. Your average was closer to $108 billion, which would imply for, at the average, to be flat, period-end have to step up from the quarter period – from the end-of-period levels. And so I guess, can you just help me square away that math? Am I thinking about it right? Or are you expecting end-of-period loans to kind of jump up from $106 billion? And if so, what drives that?
Don Kimble: We did have some daily fluctuations on the end-of-the-quarter balances, but I would say that for our outlook, we're assuming that we will have growth in the consumer categories for both Laurel Road and for residential mortgage, and that PPP loan balances on average will be up linked quarter. And so the offset would be just further prepayments or repayments of some of the line draws and what have you on the commercial side.
Saul Martinez: So you do expect EOP balances to grow this in the third quarter?
Don Kimble: Grow from the end of the second quarter. That's correct.
Saul Martinez: Okay, okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Terry McEvoy: Hi, good morning. Don, I was wondering if you could talk about the near-term outlook for cards and payments income. Will that – will the prepaid card activity remain high over the next couple of quarters?
Don Kimble: It will remain high for the next couple of quarters. Many of those are for support programs that the various states have put in place, and we would expect that to continue throughout this year and probably into the first part of next year as well.
Terry McEvoy: And then maybe as a follow-up, could you just help us understand some of the levers that Key has to hitting and achieving some of those long-term targets on Page 14 here? I guess specifically that 16% to 19% ROTCE, quite a bit of step-up from here, obviously. And I'm wondering if that's more just macro or if there are things specific to Key to helping you get to those levels.
Don Kimble: Good portion of that for right now is macro and the credit costs are much higher than what we would see on a core run rate basis in the future. And so that's one of the components. The other is with the absolute low level of rates that not only have a negative impact on net interest income and total revenues, it also increases our equity as the OCI numbers go positive. And so that was another significant step up again this quarter. And at some point in time, we'll see that bleed down as well, which we'll provide a little bit more support for that return on tangible common equity as well. I don't want you to think that we're targeting that later this year or even early next year because I think just the environment is going to be challenging for us to get back up into that range. But we clearly expect to see improvements from where we've reported in the first couple of quarters this year.
Terry McEvoy: Thanks for the insight, Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Alexopoulos from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Janet Lee: Hi, this is Janet Lee on for Steve. I have a question on deferral. On your deferrals at 4.5% of total loans or about, I guess, $4.8 billion, can you share the breakdown of loan deferrals by industry exposure? And have these deferral volumes been trending since the end of second quarter?
Don Kimble: One, as far as the deferral balances, they're fairly flat with where they were at the end of the second quarter. And so we haven't seen much of a change in the absolute level. As far as the new requests, those are down about 97% from what we were experiencing at the end of the first quarter. And so it's been fairly consistent as far as that overall migration. We're not seeing much in the way of a second round of requests yet, but those are still very low, and so we'll learn more from that going forward. I would say that as far as the mix on the consumer side, that it's in the usual categories as far as where that – it might be a little bit more elevated than that 4.5% than others, so like residential mortgage would be a little bit higher. Mark, do you have any insights as far as industry groups within the commercial side as far as deferrals and any takeaways from that?
Mark Midkiff: The highest area would be in our commercial real estate book on the commercial side.
Janet Lee: All right. That's helpful. I have a follow-up on energy book. So what's the level of reserves you allocated against the energy portfolio? And can you also share what percentage of the criticized loan increase in the quarter was attributable to the energy book? Thanks.
Don Kimble: Yes. As far as the reserve levels, I don't know that we've disclosed what that reserve is. I would say that we've established that reserve based on the renewed – determination assessments that were put in place. We feel comfortable about where we are. I think Chris had mentioned earlier that the majority of that portfolio is more reserve-based and very little as an oilfield services where you tend to see a little bit higher reserves overall. As far as the increase to the nonaccrual, I would say, generally about half of the increase is in oil and gas or thereabouts from what we saw last quarter.
Chris Gorman: And just to scope the size of it, it's about a $2.4 billion portfolio, that's about 2% of our outstandings.
Janet Lee: All right. And that was referring to nonaccruals, right? Not criticized?
Don Kimble: It would be a similar type of overall trend for both as far as the relative percentage of the increase.
Janet Lee: Got it. All right, thanks for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we’ll go to the line of Scott Siefers from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Don Kimble: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: I was hoping you could spend just a minute talking about the investment banking pipeline and how things are trending there. Just trying to get a sense for the sustainability of this level of revenues, maybe even sort of a balance between the debt placement side and the rest of the business?
Chris Gorman: Sure. Scott, the – our pipelines in our investment banking area, I would label as strong. And we didn't benefit as much as the largest banks from the record issuance of investment-grade debt. That was obviously a piece of our business, but that's not a huge piece. On the positive side, our commercial mortgage business has performed really, really well. And in this rate environment, I would anticipate that it will continue to perform well. On the other side of the equation, we have – our backlog in M&A is higher right now than it was a year ago. Having said that, obviously, for the balance of this year, as people are in price discovery, I don't see that backlog working its way down. But in total, I would characterize the pipeline as strong. As you well know, it's market dependent.
Scott Siefers: Yes. Okay, perfect. Thank you. And then just to go back to sort of the loan growth question. Definitely hear what you're saying on growth on the consumer side, which is helpful because I think as I look at you guys, most of the larger regionals that have reported haven't had the same strength in end-of-period or really even have any sense for – as much stability in the loan portfolio. So that's definitely good. Just curious what your – sort of your typical commercial customer is telling you, appetite to take on new debts, overall tenor of how they're feeling, et cetera.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So as you can imagine, we're out talking to our clients all the time. What's interesting, it sounds kind of counterintuitive, but it's actually the easiest I've seen in my career to get a hold of all the decision-makers because no one's traveling and everyone is available. I would say this, on the commercial side, we're anticipating that – we had – like everyone, we have a big spike up. Then ours actually came down earlier than a lot of people. We see that as being kind of flat. I don't see a lot of borrowing on the commercial side, Scott, for the balance of the year. We are fortunate in that we've always been – we've always had been 75% commercial, 25% consumer. The nice thing now is we have a couple of good engines for consumer growth, namely Laurel Road and our mortgage business. That will be where most of our loan growth comes in the back half of the year.
Scott Siefers: Yes. Alright, thank you guys very much.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy from RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning Chris. Good morning Don.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Don, can you share with us – obviously, you built up the reserves this quarter, as you guys have indicated. And if your Moody's forecast comes close, and your adjustments you made too, if that comes close to being accurate, I would assume we should not expect loan loss reserve builds anywhere close to what we saw here in the second quarter. Is that a fair assumption? Again, I know it's really dependent upon what the economy does. Nobody knows for certain what's going to happen. But could this potentially – if that forecast comes true – potentially be the peak reserve-building quarter?
Don Kimble: I would say that if – to your point, nobody knows where September 30 is going to end up. But I would say that if it continues to be with the same type of economic assumptions that we're seeing today in July at the end of September, I think that you're right, that we could see this as being the peak quarter as far as the overall reserve build. But going forward, we'd have to provide for new loan originations. I would say, at our current levels of loan originations, that's probably an $80 million to $100 million-kind-of-provision expense in a normal quarter. And then you would have to just provide for any other outsized adjustments or migrations as far as the underlying portfolio that wasn't contemplated. But I think that the test will be just – is what will the economic outlook be at the end of September and have we seen much change in that from what we're seeing today..
Gerard Cassidy: I see. Thank you. And then second, on the – obviously, everybody, yours included, the criticized loans have grown in view of this economy we're in today. And the rate of growth has been dramatic for everyone. Do you sense that, again, sticking to this, if the economy adheres to somewhat close to this Moody's-type forecast, the rate of growth in criticized, do you see that decelerating under that type of scenario?
Don Kimble: Well, as we would take a look at our models that we used for the June 30 allowance, it would assume that you would see continued migration to criticized through the next few quarters and increases there and then also increases the nonperforming loans just as the impact of the economy would be felt more and more throughout our commercial book, especially. The one thing that we really haven't seen anything yet and wouldn't expect for the third quarter is any significant increases in the consumer charge-off levels. And I probably wouldn't start to see that until – in the fourth quarter or going into early 2021 as well. But with the reserve levels that we have established, the underlying assumptions would be as you would expect to see increases in NPLs and criticized/classified for the next few quarters.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good, thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Klock from Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Brian Klock: Don, quick question for you. One of your slides on the investment portfolio, you talked about investing some of the excess cash and liquidity at the end of the quarter. Looks like it happened at the very end of the quarter. So – because your end-of-period balance were up almost $2.5 billion versus the average. So am I reading that right, that there's – that you invested net excess liquidity at a 2.49% yield? That seems like there's going to be maybe a couple of basis point benefits, the NIM, just from that, all else equal.
Don Kimble: I would say that no, we didn't invest that at a 2.49% yield, that the additional investments really came through in Key builds that we put into the portfolio at the very end of the quarter of about $3 billion-plus. And the yield on that was sub-20 basis points. And so prospectively, we'll probably see more of those types of temporary investments in short-term earning assets, but it did step up in the current quarter. And so – we only purchased about $900 million or so of investment securities through the quarter. I would say that the yield on that was in the 1% to 1.25% range, and that would be our expectation prospectively as far as reinvestment yield on those purchases given the current rate environment.
Brian Klock: Okay. So there's a modest pickup from that overall investment out of just cash or Fed funds?
Don Kimble: You're right. It was a very small pickup compared to putting it in cash to the Fed. So that was one of the things we did just because the liquidity levels continued to grow throughout the quarter.
Brian Klock: Got it. Thanks for your help, appreciate it.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran from Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Brian Foran: Hello. You've answered most of my questions, maybe just to the payments stuff. I didn't appreciate the prepaid size and the Key2Benefits program. I think you mentioned, as part of the fee outlook, you'd expect it to remain elevated. In the release, it called out $25 million. I'm not sure if it was an absolute expense or an increase in expense, but it's the – how does that expense for the payments work? And will that also remain elevated? Or is that high this quarter, but coming down?
Don Kimble: No. You're right. I would say that our outlook would be that the increase related to the various programs was about $25 million in fee income and also about $25 million in expense. And for the third quarter, we would expect those levels to continue at that pace. It might start to show a little bit of a reduction from that point forward, but we'll provide guidance and outlook for the fourth quarter at the end of our September results.
Brian Foran: And it's like a third-party processing expense? Or why is it a….
Don Kimble: It really is a pass-through. And essentially, the revenues we make from that would be the earnings on the deposits that are attached to those programs. But – and initially, that's why we didn't include it in our guidance because we thought initially it would probably be netted against the revenue as opposed to grossed up as we have to show it this quarter and prospectively.
Brian Foran: Okay. And then just to make sure I'm understanding like the dimensions on the provision going forward. If you've got a 50to 60 bp NCO next quarter and then $80 million to $100 million reserve for growth, maybe you're thinking like a starting point is $240 million and then you'd encourage us to add on whatever we all think on top of that based on economic outlook and everything. And then in 4Q or maybe 1Q 2021, we should think about maybe similar levels of reserve building for growth, but a little bit of a charge-off step-up as just a natural delay from forbearance programs and stuff. Is that kind of a fair footing and starting point based on everything you're putting out there?
Don Kimble: Well, actually, the charge-offs that we would have are embedded in the reserves that we've already established. And so that $80 million to $100 million would essentially be the new provision expense and the increase to the overall reserve from that component. So as long as our charge-off performance is consistent with our current assumptions included in our reserve balance, we wouldn't have to establish provision expense to cover those charge-offs prospectively. So what our provision will cover is, one, new loan growth, which the impact there would be $80 million to $100 million. Two, would be any changes in the economic outlook. And as we've said before, we're not seeing a significant change in that economic outlook today versus what we saw as of June 30 when we established the reserves. And three would be any different migration in our portfolio compared to what our models would assume. And so each of those are factors that we'd be able to use in establishing the allowance for next quarter. But as long as the economic assumptions don't change and as long as the migration is consistent with our expectations, the only thing you're left with there is this provision for loan growth and so it would be in that $80 million to $100 million range as opposed to the $240 million that you talked about.
Brian Foran: I'm glad I asked. That was only off by a factor of 3x there.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Brian Foran: Thank you. Thank you for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: One more question on the reserve. And my question is, is the reserve high enough? Now, of course, nobody knows that answer. You certainly reserve provision more than the losses. But two questions. One, since quarter end, COVID cases have increased, which could mean some shutting down of locations now, you're not as exposed to some of the most exposed COVID regions, but just your thoughts since quarter end because, Don, you said it would be the same today, but there are some mix currents there. And then a more broader question for Chris. The largest corporations are able to tap the capital markets, and you're an expert on that and I love to hear your thoughts about that. And the smallest firms have the PPP program, but there's companies in the middle. The companies that historically has been KeyCorp's sweet spot, where they might not have access to capital markets, not small enough to the PPP programs, really, those companies that are dependent on the Main Street Lending Program, which seems like it's off to kind of a slow start. So how do you think about your sweet spot, your exposure to the smaller and middle-market companies as this kind of shutdown or slower growth continues? Thanks.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Mike. So thanks for the question. I'll take that one last and then – first, and then we'll talk a little bit about kind of reserves and what our mix is of our business because I think it's important. As you look at the large companies, obviously, they have access to capital. They demonstrated that they had access to capital when the markets opened up in March. They went to the markets in a significant way. And many of those gross have now been paid down. I think our utilization rate actually dropped about 5%. So then on the other end of the spectrum, as you correctly pointed out, the really small companies, it's almost impossible to distinguish between the company and the individual. And that's because year after year, they basically take out the equity. And that can be a good thing or a bad thing, given the financial strength of the individual. In the middle, which we have a lot of clients, the good news is the clients are performing well. A lot of those clients were, in fact, eligible for PPP. The Main Street program I will tell you will be unlike the Payroll Protection Program, that was a real systematic approach for us here at Key. Main Street will be more idiosyncratic, one-off kind of housing of our clients. But in total, that midsized group of companies is performing very well. So I think they seem to be in good shape at the moment. Now obviously everyone has been impacted by COVID-19. I mean there isn't a single customer, a single individual or a single business. But what we're seeing is, as I said, we're out there talking to them a lot. As it relates to the reserve, your – the premise of your question is absolutely right, nobody knows. One of the things, though, that I think sometimes is missed, and you know this because you've been following us for a long time, is our mix is a lot different than others. We're 75% commercial, 25% consumer. And if you look, for example, at our DFAST results that we just received, that would show a loss content under DFAST of, say, 6.5% on C&I and 18.7%, for example, on credit card. As you know, we are a very small player in credit card. So that's just the only point I would make, just is the importance of mix. Don?
Don Kimble: Mike, you're right. I mean we don't know what the impact would be as far as any further shutdowns and on the economic outlook and we hadn't factored that in as part of our June 30 reserve, and we'll have to see how that plays out between now and September 30. And I would say, again, that our assumptions still show stress in the environment with a 9% unemployment level in the fourth quarter and continuing levels of high single-digit kind of unemployment through 2021, and not really seeing a full recovery of the economy back to the fourth quarter of 2019 level until late in 2021. And so could it get worse from here? It could. We don't know. But what we've established our reserves are based on what we feel is a reasonable outlook as of June 30.
Mike Mayo: And then just one follow-up. I mean you mentioned – I mean capital markets were good, but still behind the biggest players. And what – is that just mix of clients by size? Or is it mix of fixed income versus other areas? How would you explain that?
Chris Gorman: It s investment grade fixed income. That is a relatively smaller part of our business given that we play in the middle market. And as a result, we didn't perform to the level that some of the most large – some of the largest banks performed either in the issuance of investment-grade or – frankly, the trading was obviously a big plus for some of the large institutions.
Mike Mayo: All right. Do you say that's mix, not execution, in your mind?
Chris Gorman: That’s right.
Mike Mayo: Okay. All right, thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Matt O'Connor: Just any update you can provide on Laurel Road. Obviously, the production is very good. I think you're keeping most of them on balance sheet right now just given what markets are doing. But I know the customer base is high-earning dentists and doctors and obviously there's been some dislocation there early the year, but I think most of them are up and running now. So just an update on that portfolio overall from a volume perspective and credit quality would be helpful. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Sure. Can be very pleased with both the volume and the credit quality that we're seeing from Laurel Road. And to your point, a high percentage of it is health care doctor-, dentist-related. And so some of those practices were negatively impacted at first, but many of them are back up and open, and we continue to see the payment trajectory and just the overall performance be consistent if not better than what we would have initially expected. So very pleased with that credit quality and the performance overall.
Matt O'Connor: And do you plan to portfolio still all the production? I think at one point you were contemplating securitizing some of it, but obviously those markets have gotten – not all of them are open right now.
Don Kimble: The markets are tighter, but more importantly, our liquidity levels and capital levels are such that allows us to retain that on balance sheet. But we did about $250 million of securitization last year. I could see us doing something similar to that maybe later this year, and just to keep the name out there and keep the familiarity with investors in the product. So I would say that, generally, we would expect to do some, but probably at a very modest level.
Matt O'Connor: Okay, thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions.
Chris Gorman: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at (216) 689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to KeyCorp’s First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to pass it over to President and Chief Operating Officer, Chris Gorman. Please go ahead.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, operator. Good morning. And welcome to KeyCorp’s First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Beth Mooney, our Chief Executive Officer; Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement of forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I am now turning to Slide 3. It is an extra ordinary time with the spread of COVID-19 causing a heavy human toll throughout the country, and has impacted all of our daily lives in ways none of us could have anticipated. Despite the unprecedented challenges we are facing I've been encouraged by our collective strength and resiliency, and I'm confident that this resiliency will carry us through this crisis. So, let me start by giving you a brief an overview on where things stand here at KEY. First, our business resiliency plans are in effect and we have maintained our operational effectiveness across our organization. In every decision we have made, the health and safety of our clients, colleagues and communities in which we operate have remained our top priority. Secondly, we are committed to playing a critical role in providing capital and assistance to our clients and supporting broader initiatives to strengthen our economy. To date, we have approved over 11,000 credit extensions and more than 38,000 applications have been submitted through the newly introduced payroll protection program. I'm now moving to Slide 4. I want to address our financial outlook, which in the near-term will be impacted by the economic fallout from the COVID-19 pandemic. Importantly, we are operating from a position of strength. Our business model and clear strategy position us well during this period of economic and financial stress but importantly, will provide us with significant opportunities through the recovery phase. I want to affirm our long-term targets have not changed. And on the other side of this crisis, we expect to continue to deliver positive operating leverage and strong financial returns. In this environment, credit quality also plays a critical role. Although, some would continue to view KEY through the lens of the financial crisis, the reality is, is that we are a different company today in terms of our strategy, our risk profile and our leadership team. We have significantly reduced our exposure to high risk sectors and industries, and it position KEY to perform well through all phases of the business cycle, including highly-stressed environments like the one in which we are operating today. Our moderate risk profile also informs our credit decisions and the way we underwrite loans. Don will share more detail with respect to our credit measures and our adoption of CECL. The final section of this slide focuses on capital and liquidity, both clear strengths for our company. KEY along with other major banks have participated in several rounds of government mandated stress tests since the financial crisis. These tests have shown that KEY would remain well-capitalized through periods of severe economic and financial stress, while continuing to support our clients. Our liquidity position also remained strong with a combined $50 billion in liquid assets and unused borrowing capacity. Let me close my remarks by reaffirming our confidence in the long-term outlook for our company. Although, our industry clearly faces near-term challenges, we believe the steps we have taken over the past decade to strengthen and reposition our company, will set KEY apart. We have a consistent and targeted business strategy focused on relationships. We have a strong capital position and disciplined approach in the manner in which we deploy our capital. We have significant sources of liquidity. We have dramatically de-risked our company over the last several years. And also we have a management team that is dedicated to helping our clients and our communities manage through these challenging times. And finally, since this is Beth Mooney's last earnings call as CEO, I want to acknowledge the outstanding leadership she has provided our company. Beth will offer a few remarks after Don. But I just want to say it is not lost on any of us that our strong foundation and clear sense of purpose is a no small part due to best leadership over the past nine years. As I have said before, I could not have asked for a better partner and we wish her well in the next stage of her journey.  With that, let me turn the call over to Don to report on the quarter.
Don Kimble: Thanks Chris. I'm now on Slide 6. This morning, we reported first quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.12 per common share. Current quarter's results have clearly been impacted by COVID-19 pandemic. Areas being impacted include provision expense that exceeded net charge-off by $275 million. Timing is everything. In the first quarter CECL, we experienced the impact of a global pandemic. Through February, our credit quality and economic outlook resulted in a stable allowance for loan losses compared to the January 1 level. The vast majority of the increase reflects the changed economic outlook. Market related valuation adjustments totaled $92 million. These adjustments include $73 million of reserves on our customer derivatives, reflecting the market implied default rates given the significant increase in credit spreads. The remainder of $19 million is due to trading losses or portfolio marks once again related to the widening credit spreads in the market. One other area of impact was our investment banking and debt placement fees. The actual results for the quarter are approximately $40 million below our expectations in the pipeline from just a month ago. I'll cover many of the remaining items of this slide in the rest of my presentation. Turning to Slide 7. Total average loans were $96 billion, up 7% from the first quarter of last year, driven by growth in both commercial and consumer loans. Commercial loans reflect about $7 billion in growth in the month of March alone, including increased line draws and short-term liquidity facilities provided to customers. It is important to note that approximately 70% of the C&I draws in March came from investment grade customers. Consumer loans benefited from the strong growth from Laurel Road and our residential mortgage business. Laurel Road originated $600 million of student consolidation loans this quarter and we generated $1.3 billion of residential mortgage loans. The investments we have made in these areas continue to drive results and importantly, adding high quality loans to our portfolio. Linked quarter average loan balances were up 3%. For next quarter, line draws and other commercial loan growth are expected to slow from the March level. We will however show strong growth, reflecting the impact of the CPP program. As Chris mentioned, we have processed over 38,000 applications, representing $9 billion of requests and the fundings are occurring quickly. This program is critical to our customers and we are pleased to support these efforts. Importantly, we have remained disciplined with our credit underwriting and we have walked away from business that does not meet our moderate risk profile. We are a different company than we were a decade ago. We remain committed to performing well through the business cycle, and we manage our credit quality with this longer term perspective. Continuing on to Slide 8. Average deposits totaled $110 billion for the first quarter of 2020, up $3 billion or 3% compared to a year ago period and down 2% from prior quarter. The linked quarter decline reflects the expected reduction in several temporary deposit balances early in the quarter. Growth in the prior year was driven by both consumer and commercial clients. It is also important to note the deposit flows since February, have funded the loan growth continuing to support our strong liquidity positions. Total interest bearing deposit costs came down 14 basis points from the prior quarter, reflecting the impact of lower interest rates in these associated lag in pricing. We would also expect above the costs continue to decline approximately 30 basis points to 35 basis points in the second quarter. We continue to have a strong stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for 65% of our total deposit mix. Turning to Slide 9. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $989 million for the first quarter of 2020 compared to $985 million in the first quarter of 2019 and $987 million in the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 3.01% for this quarter compared to 3.13% for the first quarter of 2019 and 2.98% for the prior quarter. Compared to the prior quarter, net interest income increased $2 million, driven by an improved balance sheet mix and strong loan growth. Our net interest margin for the quarter reflects the improved balance sheet mix. Looking into the second quarter, as a result of the expected originations of the PPP loans, we would expect net interest income to increase from the first quarter level. Net interest margin should decline as the yield on these loans is lower than other loan products. Moving to Slide 10. KEY's noninterest income was $477 million for the first quarter of 2020 compared to $536 million for the year ago quarter and $651 million in the prior quarter. The current quarter clearly reflected the impact of the pandemic on our market sensitive businesses. Other income, a negative $88 million for the quarter, reflected $92 million of market-related valuation adjustments. This included $73 million of reserves for our customer derivatives due to significant increases in credit spreads. The cumulative reserve recorded for this portfolio now exceeds the total losses recognized in this area through the great recession. The reserves would come down if credit spreads narrow from the March 31st levels. The remaining portion of the market-related valuation adjustments include $19 million of trading losses or marks, also driven by the increased credit spreads. Two other areas of note, operating lease income for the quarter included an $8 million valuation adjustment. And consumer mortgage income reflected $1.3 billion of originations with higher gain on sales levels offset by $9 million of MSR impairment. Going into the second quarter, we would not expect further meaningful market-related evaluation adjustments. Most other fee income categories would be down slightly, reflecting lower activity levels. Investment banking and debt placement fees are challenging to predict at this time. Now turning to Slide 11. Expense levels trended down this quarter as the results reflected the benefit of efficiency improvements and lower variable compensation. Adjusting for notable items in the prior quarters compared to the year ago period, noninterest expense declined $6 million despite the addition of Laurel Road in April 2019. Compared to the prior quarter, adjusting for notable items, non-interest expense declined $27 million. Lower incentive compensation costs correlated to revenues contributed to this decline. Business services and marketing both were down seasonally this quarter. Turning to Slide 12. CECL was adopted January 1 of this year, resulting in an increase to our allowance for loan losses as of the end of the year of $204 million, consistent with previous disclosures. Through February, our CECL reserves remain very stable, reflecting the credit quality of the portfolio and the economic forecasts, were consistent with the start of the year. By the end of the quarter, the economic outlook changed considerably, reflecting the expected impact of the pandemic. While no one knows the depth or duration of the economic down turn, we updated our CECL reserves to incorporate a severe downturn in economic activity with a recovery beginning late in the year. This change in economic outlook resulted in provision expense exceeding net charge-offs by $275 million. As we progress through the current quarter, we will be able to refine our outlook, including the potential depth and duration of the downturn. It should also provide additional insight into the benefit from the various programs implemented by our governments to help our customers and the economy. Now turning to Slide 13. Despite the build in our allowances, our credit quality metrics remain strong as of March 31st. Net charge-offs were $84 million or 35 basis points of average of net total loans in the first quarter, which continues to be below our over the cycle range of 40 basis points to 60 basis points. Non-performing loans were $632 million for the quarter, reflecting $45 million increase from our reclassification resulting from the adoption of CECL. Adjusted for this reclassification, NPLs increased $10 million from the prior quarter. Non-performing loans represent 61 basis points of period end loans flat with the prior quarter and prior year. Criticized loans increased modesty, reflecting the impact of the market conditions and loan rating changes in our oil and gas portfolio. During March, the increase in commercial line draws and temporary liquidity facilities generally related to our highly rated customers. At the end of the quarter, the percent of our commercial loan book outstanding to investment grade customers actually increased by 200 basis points. One another area we continue to monitor is the level of assistance request from our customers. As of the end of last week, we’ve received approximately 11,000 requests from our retail customers about 0.7% of accounts. We also received approximately 800 similar requests from our commercial customers. While this is still early request levels have been less than we originally expected. Turning to Slide 14, we received questions about the exposure at certain industry or customer groups given the current environment. Included on this slide is a summary of those areas. As you can see, most of those areas represent a small proportion of the overall portfolio and are diversified by type and geography. We have implemented and enhanced monitoring process, providing more after reviews often weekly of relationships that might be more vulnerable in the current environment. Outstanding balances as shown are at March 31 and reflect some of the draw activity that occurred late in the quarter. Now on to Slide 15. Capital ratios this quarter reflected the impact of the balance sheet growth and lower earnings. Most of our planned capital actions for the quarter were completed before the economic outlook term. As a result, our common equity tier 1 ratio was 8.95% as of March 31st, down 49 basis points from year-end. This level was slightly below our target range but well above the stress capital buffer levels required by the fed. Our capital target was established to provide sufficient capital to operate in stressed environments, recognizing we would be operating at levels below the target as we experienced the impact of those environments. This capital level provides sufficient capacity to continue to support our customers and their borrowing needs, and based on our current outlook maintain our dividend. As a reminder, our capital priorities continue to be, to support organic growth, to continue our strong common dividend, to repurchase shares with excess capital. The new guidelines from stress capital buffer are also helpful in addressing our capital actions. As announced earlier, we suspended our share buyback through the second quarter. On Slide 16, we provided our best insights and high level comments for the second quarter. Given the uncertain economic outlook for the full year, we have removed our guidance for full-year 2020. There is still a wide range of scenarios on the depth and duration of the economic downturn. Also impacting this will be the benefit of various programs that help bridge the retail and the local customers. As we move through the second quarter, we expect to have more clarity on the economic impact of COVID-19 and the support provided to our clients, allowing us to provide more visibility on our full year outlook. Loan growth should remain strong, reflecting the balances as of the end of the first quarter, the production levels expected from the PPP loan program and continued strength in our commercial and consumer loan originations. Deposits will show good growth, driven by both consumer and commercial areas. This growth would support much of the loan growth noted above. Net interest income is expected to be up from the first quarter levels, driven by growth in loans. We expect net interest margin to decline, reflecting the dilutive impact of the PPP program. For noninterest income, we would not expect further meaningful market related valuation adjustments. Those other fee income categories would remain -- would be down slightly, reflecting lower activity levels. Investment banking and debt placement fees are challenging to predict at this time. Non-interest expenses are expected to be relatively stable for next quarter. Net charge offs should increase slightly to around the lower end of our target range of 40 basis points to 60 basis points. The environment continues to be challenged -- the environment continues to change rapidly, which can impact the outlook and the comments we provided. Finally shown at the bottom of the slide are our long-term targets. Given the economic downturn, we would not expect to achieve all these targets this year. However, as we emerge from the current crisis, we expect to be back on the path that will lead us to operate within these targeted ranges. Importantly, we have not wavered from our commitment to achieve our long-term targets. Before we turn the call back over to the operator, Beth would like to add some closing comments. Beth?
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Don, and good morning. So with a lot of mixed feelings that I approach the end of my time at KEY and as I've said before, being the CEO of this great company has been the privilege and the highlight of my career, and I will always be proud to have been part of this team. I've also enjoyed meeting many of you on the line today and recognize the important work you do for our industry. I've been at KEY for 14 years and nine years of those as our CEO, and I've worked with some incredibly talented and dedicated individuals. And collectively, we have created a different company financially strong, value spaced and dedicated to providing unparalleled service to our clients never more important than the times we find ourselves in. In addition to serving on KEY’s Board of Directors, I also had the privilege of serving on the boards of some of the leading industrial technology and healthcare providers in the country, which provides me with a vantage point across a large part of our economy. And while I recognize the near-term challenges, I continue to see strong underlying business that will weather the current environment and lead us through to the recovery phase. Let me wrap things up with a comment on our CEO transition. Chris will assume the role as KeyCorp's CEO on May 1st, and our transition has been very smooth and seamless. I am confident in Chris and in our leadership team and indeed of all of our teammates who are fully engaged and committed to not only navigate the current environment, but ultimately take our company to the next level and deliver value for all of our stakeholders. And with that, let me turn the call back to the operator for the Q&A portion of the call. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will go to the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Thank you for taking the question. So first, Beth, congratulations and best wishes in the future. So question I wanted to ask, Don, maybe it's most appropriate for you, just little more detail please on the assumptions that went into the CECL reserve, maybe anticipated GDP contraction, unemployment, et cetera and then maybe just follow up. What in your mind would it take to require a repeat of the level of reserve build from the 1Q in future quarters?
Don Kimble: And as far as our economic scenarios, we use a number of the recent Moody’s scenarios forecast to inform our CECL reserve that each of these scenarios include a severe reduction in GDP, and increase in the unemployment levels. I would say that our outlook assumed GDP would be negative through the third quarter, and still be in the high single digit range as far as negative GDP impact, and then also unemployment would also be in the high single digit level through the end of the year, only a modest recovery in the fourth quarter is assumed. And we have tried to incorporate some impact from some of the [Technical Difficulty] put in place from the government, but it's difficult to fully estimate what those are at this point in time. As far as the increase that we experienced this quarter, we’ve really gone from a outlook that would have shown GDP growth in the 1% to 2% range and unemployment levels in the 3% to 4% range to where you're seeing both of those have a significant or severe reduction as far as their economic outlook. And so don't know how to predict whether to see that type of return again or not, but I would say that we’ll have to continue to assess that throughout the quarter and as we wrap up the June results will be in a position to better assess that.
Scott Siefers: And maybe just final question, maybe a little more visibility into what's actually happening with the line of credit draws that you're seeing. I'm assuming they've been largely re-deposited, but you guys I think have little unique seasonality in your deposit flows anyway. So first quarter, I think tends to be kind of weaker for you guys. So it makes it I guess a little less obvious from the outside what's going on so maybe just any additional color there, please?
Don Kimble: Scott, you are absolutely right. If you look at the average balances, especially on the deposit side, you see downward trend from fourth quarter to first quarter that really was driven by significant temporary deposits that were in place throughout the fourth quarter. We knew they would go out in early first quarter and they did. As I mentioned on the call that we've seen deposit flows match the loan growth from end of February to now. We've seen over $8 billion of inflow over that same time period and about $8 billion of loan growth. We saw about $6 billion of line draws and about $1 billion of liquidity facilities that were used to replace commercial paper borrowings for our customers. And on the line draws, we're seeing a good percentage of those reinvested or re-deposit back into our banks for deposit flows, and so that's part of the reason why we're seeing the strong deposit growth in the month of March and early April.
Operator: And our next question is from line of Steven Alexopoulos with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to start on Slide 14 where you guys are calling out the select commercial portfolios. Based on the weekly monitoring you're now doing. Can you give us a sense of sort of the magnitude of cash flow disruption that you're seeing in these segments, and maybe if you have any of participating government programs will be helpful too?
Don Kimble: As far as those industries, I'll ask Mark to comment a little bit later as far as cash flows, but I would say generally for the areas that we are monitoring, we have seen cash flows continue to be a little bit higher than what we might have expected for certain areas, including commercial real estate and other activities. As far as the assistance I mentioned before that just through the PPP program, we had 38,000 customers request those loans and we're well on our way as far as getting those through approval of the SBA and onto funding, and so we have over 90% of those applications already through that approval stage. As far as additional insights on cash flows, Mark, anything else you would add on those higher risk areas?
Mark Midkiff: I think, you noted or Chris noted that we've had an approximately 800 customers that have come to us asking for some level of deferral in the commercial categories. And so I'd make that comment that's been inside of a couple of billion dollars.
Chris Gorman: Steve, the only thing I would -- this is Chris. The only thing I would add, obviously, most impacted would be things like consumer behavior, restaurants, sports, entertainment, leisure, travel, obviously, very significantly impacted. And on the other side of the equation, leverage lending, we always talk, anytime we talk about portfolios, we always talk about any place there’s leverage that portfolio wouldn't necessarily have seen the kind of impact from cash flows that some of the others had.
Steven Alexopoulos: And given the large reserve increase this quarter, can you give us a sense of what the reserves are on these buckets that you're calling out on the slide, the specific reserves?
Don Kimble: We haven't shown the reserves on those categories. We’ll see if we can add that in future disclosures. In our slide deck, we do show the reserves by loan category. And so, I think that's helpful just to get some insight as to how that reserve compares to the current levels of charge-offs and it's also a good benchmark to show compared to other peers, because we think that by loan category they're fairly consistent with what we've seen so far for some of the larger banks that have announced already.
Steven Alexopoulos: And finally for Beth, you spent the last several years changing many aspects of KeyCorp, top to bottom, including the credit risk profile of the company. Are you guys pretty confident here that you're going to come through this credit cycle as a top performer on credit specifically?
Beth Mooney: And indeed we did spend a lot of focus and time on the strength of our balance sheet and our risk profile, as well as our liquidity and being good stewards of our capital. And we did it to position ourselves for a stronger financial performance and then importantly to prove that this company would indeed weather a downturn, both as a company that could absorb its credit portfolio marks and risks and indeed be a top performer and perform better than the median, and to also make sure that we couldn't extend capital and support our customers through this downturn, whatever downturn it was and apparently here we are. And as you can tell in the face of this, we indeed are extending that support, both through the PPP program, as well as line draws. And I'm highly confident with the team, with the positioning of this balance sheet, with our risk profile and what will be our future performance.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe: I guess maybe starting off with loan growth. Obviously, you've got an end of period basis that's really, really strong. I'm sure you've had conversations with some of your larger borrowers. How do you envision those balances trending over the next couple quarters? I mean, is this just a temporary draw down? Is it something a little more permanent? Thanks.
Chris Gorman: As you can imagine through this time period, I've been talking to a whole bunch of our customers. As it relates to these larger investment-grade companies that you're referring to, first, we're getting obviously a significant amount of deposits. But as the markets continue to stabilize and they clearly have by a whole lot of metrics, I look for a lot of that to be taken out probably in the bond market, probably in the next couple of quarters.
Ken Zerbe: And then I guess maybe just in terms of, second question in terms of the draw downs. How many of those borrowers? I know you said that 80% are investment grade. But how many of those borrowers have like clearly defined borrowing basis, or collateral that they're borrowing against versus we hear some of the very large draw downs. They may not have like specific collateral agreements that you would on some of your middle market customers.
Chris Gorman: So by definition, the biggest draw downs are large investment grade companies that have access to capital. Ken, people that are on a borrowing base would be constrained obviously by their ability to generate receivables and inventory to in fact generate additional availability.
Ken Zerbe: And then just last question, how are you guys reserving for troubled loans, or so to speak trouble loans where you are providing forbearance, but they just aren't being classified for, or as troubled? I mean is that something you could build into your CECL reserves today, or is that something that we see development materializing over the next couple quarters?
Don Kimble: Our CECL reserve, we anticipate that kind of migration given the economic outlook we have. And on the commercial side even though we will be getting forbearance, we would still be evaluating those credits as far as having those appropriately risk rated and that risk rating will be reflected in the future CECL reserves that are established for those credit and anticipated with this adjustment as well. On the consumer side it’d be a little bit more challenging as far as many of those might be more based on delinquency status and given some of the forbearance that are done more on bridge capacity, it might be a little bit lagged as far as the impact on those credits.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Just wanted to ask a question about how we should look at your last DFAST results as a potential guide in terms of the severity of losses this cycle. So, a two part question, one is that over nine quarters in your last DFAST, you submitted in your company run tests, something like an over 6% nine quarter credit loss rate in C&I. And I'm wondering what you see that's different in both positive and negative in terms of what could be playing out in this actual recession versus the scenario in that last test? And also you closed Laurel Road after your last DFAST. And I'm wondering where do you see stress losses here? And is it as simple as taking that reserve from Slide 23 and putting it over to consumer direct balances and saying, okay, according to this reserve KeyCorp is implying a 3% loss rate as of balance sheet date on this portfolio?
Don Kimble: I’ll try my best to follow up on that, that one, I would just offer to this part as far as our severely adverse scenario that we just submitted to the fed just this quarter as a matter of fact. It would have an economic scenario that would be much more dire than what occurred from the 2008 through 2010 time period. And in that scenario, we would have had about $4 billion of credit losses during that nine quarter time period. If you take a look at our total reserves that we have, both the allowance for loan losses and the reserve for unfunded loan commitment that totaled about $1.5 billion. And so this is about 40% of those combined losses that are recognized in that. The biggest difference there is the duration of that stress period. It would have assumed severely adverse impact on GDP and unemployment but they would then sustain for a very long time period. Our current assumptions that we have is that we start to see that recovery in the fourth quarter of this year, and so it's a much shorter impact. And that duration is much more important as far as losses and especially on the consumer side as opposed to just a V-shaped type of recovery that some of the initial assumptions might've included. So I would say that's the biggest gap as far as the difference between that severely adverse scenario and what we're showing as far as reserves as of March 31st. As far as Laura Road that, that's only a component of the overall direct consumer loan portfolio. And I would say that the loss content that we're seeing from that, the performance of that portfolio, continues to be very strong and we're very pleased with it, highly focused on doctors and dentists. And that's the group right now that we want to be able to support and bridge them through this time period. And the Laurel Road customer base and programs we offer are very helpful to be able to accomplish that, so not seeing in any outsized and expected stress loss for that portfolio.
Erika Najarian: And my second question is, is it -- given the magnitude of interest rate reduction late in the first quarter. Could you perhaps help quantify the level of net interest margin compression that you expect for second quarter?
Don Kimble: For second quarter, there's going to be really three components that drive that interest rate margin compression. Keep in mind that we do expect net interest income to be up but the PPP program should have about 7 basis point plus or minus negative impact on margin, that the loans have a contractual rate of 1% that by the time you would factor in the loan fees associated with that, it's something just a little north of 2%, which is still a low yielding loan for us in this environment. Second would be the increased liquidity levels that we're currently maintaining north of $3 billion in cash each night, and as I said just to make sure that we have robust levels of liquidity given potential changes in overall funding mixes and what you have. And that's probably from the $0.5 billion to $1 billion. And so that increased liquidity put pressure on NIM, not on NII but had pressure on NIM. And then I would say that the remaining pressure on net interest margin would probably be in that low to mid type of basis point range difference, because the rate decline occurred late in the quarter. And while we said that our deposit rates will be down 30 basis points to 35 basis points that still would not translate to the north of 40% beta on that change. And so that's something that will put some near term pressure on margin as we see the lagged impact of deposit pricing coming through.
Erika Najarian: And if I could just please sneak in one more, there's clearly a significant amount of demand for bank balance sheet. And I'm wondering with your common equity Tier 1 ratio at 8.95. What is the level that you're comfortable drawing this ratio down to as this demand for balance sheet continues? And is there anything you can do in terms of RWA mitigation to offset some of the demand from your customers?
Don Kimble: As far as our outlook, right now, we would say and Chris highlighted this as well that the commercial loan growth should be muted this quarter compared to what we experienced in the first quarter. And we're not seeing the active increased requests for draws or other funding coming through from those customers. Second, we are seeing strong loan growth that a lot of that coming from the PPP program, which has a zero risk-weighted component to it, in a sense it is fully-guaranteed and fairly shortened term in nature and so that shouldn't put any pressure on that. And then on consumer loan growth that we're seeing, about half of it's coming from residential mortgage, which is also a low risk-weighted asset and then the other half from Laurel Road. And so we don't think we'll see as much pressure on the RWA as what we did this last quarter, but just the growth we saw the period end cost is over 40 basis points of RWA, because of that rapid increase in some of those balances. So we don't see that as an impact for us going forward. I would say that, as far as what level are we comfortable at, we'll continue to monitor it. But what I had said is that’s slightly below our longer term targeted range, but that was with the expectation that when things are a little more stress, we can see that drop a little bit below that level. And so we do believe that we have sufficient capital to continue to play through and support our customers and support our current dividend outlook based on our current earnings projections as well. So, think that we’re in good position there but it's something we'll continue evaluate as things would evolve.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Back to the reserve, I appreciate the color you gave in terms of how you're thinking about the through cycle loss content that your reserve is approximately 40% of that new level that you calculated of the three cycle losses. I know other banks this earning season have also talked about that relative size about 40% ballpark, but they've also been indicating that they expect potential incremental loan loss reserve additions of size in coming quarters. Can you just talk about the likelihood of taking the additional sizable increases in next couple quarters? Because when you look at it, you would think that that you might need to be higher than 40% of that expected loss rate in this type of crisis. Thanks.
Don Kimble: Great question, and I wish someone could help to provide some clarity on the depth of the recession, the duration of that recession and what kind of impact all these programs are having that we couldn't be more pleased with what we're seeing from the treasury, from the Fed and from others to help provide that bridge support for our customers. And we think that will have a meaningful impact on their ability to continue to operate going forward, and bring that economy back up to the level it needs to be. But we don't know what's going to happen between now and June 30th. But as far as other comments that if you look at the economic forecasts that have come out in early April, they probably are a little bit more negative, more about the recovery as opposed to these the depth of the actual recession. And so more are going toward a U-shaped scenario as opposed to a V-shaped. And so we'll have to continue to assess that. I think it would be to premature for us to speculate as to how much that reserve change could be at this point in time. But if we do see more negative economic forecasts as of the end of the second quarter, there could be additional pressure on reserves at that point in time. But it's just too early to tell John sorry about that.
John Pancari: And then I know you've cited the balance of the PPP loans and that you're seeing a healthy amount of appetite there, and looks like we might get an upside the program. So I got to assume that you're going to see greater demand overtime for that. What are your plans for those loans on the balance sheet? Are you looking to sell them and is it going to be the secondary market, is going to be the fed to their facilities? How should we expect that that find its way on and off your balance sheet?
Don Kimble: One, we're very excited about that program and we were out early in. And I think Chris we had over 130,000 outreach efforts to customers and had over 50,000 customers at least express some interest and understanding what the program is and as we mentioned, over 38,000 applications. And so that's a huge percentage of our customer base, and very pleased we've been able to support those the way that we have. And as we looked at that program, we think that the life of those loans should be fairly short. But if you think about say 10 weeks from the time that they get those loans, they would be in a position potentially to ask for forgiveness against that. And so we think that the life could be fairly short-term in nature and so we will keep it on our balance sheet. As I mentioned before, having very strong order flows, the fed and treasury, have provided additional areas as far as support or funding for those assets. And if deposits aren't sufficient to meet those funding needs then we would have those available to us to provide that liquidity. But generally don't see any need to sell those assets as part of our operational plan.
Chris Gorman: Yes, if I could just add. We are immensely proud of how our team rallied around the PPP program, which we think is so important to get this country back up and moving. If you think about it, Don mentioned the 135,000 client outreaches. We had more than 10,000 of our teammates out working on this massive program, very short timeframe. And I'm just really proud of how the whole team came together and really went out to support these clients. We also built some really great digital straight-through processing that enabled us to basically process nine or 10 years’ worth of SBA loans over a couple of weeks.
Don Kimble: It's a good point, Chris, that normally in annual flow for this type of loan product with the SBA at under 600 plus and we've done 38,000 applications in little over a week.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: I am just wondering, you sit on a fair amount of excess liquidity. And I was wondering where is the LCR ratio today, because I thought as the thought to continue to use the securities portfolio to fund loan own growth, because it seems like there is a fair amount of room to re-mix earning assets to help the margin somewhere maybe in the second half of the year?
Don Kimble: Peter, you've been reading our playbook here, but we didn't buy any new securities here in the first quarter. We are using some of the cash flows there to reinvest in loan growth. And so we still think that's clearly available to us. We have well over $50 billion of liquidity that our LCR ratio that we would calculate now is north of 120%. So, it's well above what we would target that fed for a bank our size would have us in the 100% range, and we're well north of that even in this environment. So we will consider to evaluate how we want to manage the overall mix of the assets and that could be continued opportunity for us, especially given the reinvestment rate for those investment securities is well south of what our current portfolio is.
Peter Winter: What are those investment -- reinvestment rates?
Don Kimble: Yes, we tend to have a fairly short-durated agency CMOs and our current cash flow off of that is somewhere in north of 240 as far as maturing securities. The reinvestment yield today will be between 1.25% and 1.5%, so down considerably from where it was just a quarter ago.
Peter Winter: And then just a follow up question, Chris with your opening remarks about going into this downturn in a much better position, certainly from the capital and liquidity standpoint. But can you just talk about some of the biggest changes from a credit perspective heading into this downturn versus the current financial crisis. And then just best comments that you think you could do better than peers from a credit perspective?
Chris Gorman: So, if you went back 10 years, for example, I'll just give you a couple things. Take a look at, say our real estate business. At that point, our real estate business, we would have had about a third of our real estate book would have been in construction loans. Today, that number would be 8%-ish. We also that our real estate business at that point, which is where most of our losses were incurred, was principally a book and hold kind of business. And in the last decade, we have built an amazing ability to distribute paper such that we don't really necessarily take any risks that we don't want to take, because we have a lot of avenues, whether it's Fannie, Freddie, FHA, the life companies. Right now the CMBS markets not available but it will be once again. It’s interesting, Peter, even in these times, because we've done a good job and I'll stay on real estate because that is where most of our losses were. We also reconfigured exactly who we wanted to do business with. If you think about people in the multifamily business, in every city, there's one or two groups that really are the premier providers of multifamily and we reconfigured our complete client base. And what we're seeing right now is in spite of the disruption out there that our backlog is actually growing in our commercial mortgage business, because we have picked the people that some of the agencies want to bank. So, that would be just some examples of what we've done. The other thing that I'm really proud of, we are a significantly bigger business today than we were a decade ago. And we are, I mentioned leverage earlier, we always focus where there's leverage is where there's risk. And our leverage book is generally exactly where it was 10 years ago before we grew by 40%. So, those are just a couple examples. It's the whole concept of being able to distribute paper, being able to carefully pick your clients, this whole notion of targeted scale and then lastly in the case of real estate, it’s just a completely different business.
Don Kimble: One more thing I would add to that as well is that under Chris and Beth, they both shifted the overall strategy of the company via relationship bank. And having that complete relationship, we've shown time and time again through I think downturn, those relationship customers will perform much better than where it's a lending only relationship or where you're not the primary bank. And I would say that that subtle difference we think should better position us this time than what we experienced in the last downturn.
Operator: Our next question is from Terry McEvoy with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Terry McEvoy: I had a follow up question on the PPP program. Could you just talk about the average loan size, because it does impact the process fee? And Don, in response to an earlier question, you kind of added that that fee into the yield. So, I just wanted make sure where that's going to run through the income statement in the second quarter, whether it's included in interest income like you may be suggested, or if it will come through fee income?
Don Kimble: As we mentioned before, we've got about 38,000 applications, about $9 billion as far as the loan value there. So something north of $200,000 per average loan size. And so, it's been a broad mix of customers that's going from our small bank business banking accounts to business banking, to even some of our middle market customers, still fall under that 500 head count level. And so, that's been a huge program for us and very pleased with those results. As far as the fees that we would be relying on those that we do expect to take those through the net-interest margin and amortize it through the contractual life of those loans, which is two years. And so, as those would be forgiven or prepaid, the unamortized portion of that fee would be taken in income at that time as well.
Terry McEvoy: And then I guess I'll ask about the main street lending program. Are you getting ahead of that program and what could that mean for balance sheet growth going forward?
Chris Gorman: I'm proud of the fact that we at KEY, along with many others in the industry, have been part and parcel working with the fed and others to structure the main street program. We have a whole team around it and we think it's going to be helpful to some of our clients that really need some incremental funding. But for the main street program, they wouldn't necessarily have access to additional capital. We think it's going to be very helpful. It hasn't gotten a lot of discussion. But if you look at main street and some of the other programs, in the aggregate they are about $600 billion. So, it's not inconsequential. We're working hard on it as we speak.
Operator: And next we go to line of Bill Carcache with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Don, I wanted to follow up on John's question regarding your CECL assumptions. Your comments make it very clear that there's lots of uncertainty, but without getting into magnitude just direction. We've heard other banks that have already reported this quarter, talk about the incremental degradation in the outlook post 331 with unemployment rising and GDP decline even more sharply than originally expected, and some going from expecting the V-shape recovery as recently as March to now anticipating more of a U-shaped recovery. And so, given those changes, the suggestion there has been that they'll need book incremental reserves in Q2. So, I guess the direct question for you guys is, are the increases in initial claims that have negatively surprised many over the last few Thursdays in April. Are those increases contemplated in your allowance, or would you need to book additional reserves if those elevated unemployment figures hold?
Don Kimble: As far as the unemployment and GDP assumptions, again we really have to wait till we get closer to the end of the quarter to make any assessments there. I would say, as you've highlighted that, the near-term impacts that have been negative adjustments to the outlooks since April 1st. But as far as I'm aware, I haven't seen any new Moody’s scenarios and others that we hadn't used considered in connection with our initial assessment. But, I think we're just, again I apologize, we're just way too early to try to project what's going to happen as of June 30th as far as the economic outlook. We're hitting a period here, which I think will be very informative, as we start to see how states and counties within states start to return to work and how quickly the economy starts to recover from that, how these programs have been implemented help bridge those customers through this environment. And this is really at a historic level as far as that support. And so I wish I could give you a more direct answer. But I think we need to see some of this play out before we provide any more insights as to where it might go from here.
Bill Carcache: And I guess then a separate question on the dividend, some high profile current and former regulators have suggested that it would be prudent for the banks to cut back on their dividends to the extent that the duration of the downturn is prolonged. Can you frame for us what it would take for KEY to halt its dividends?
Don Kimble: We will continue to assess that based on what we see for the depth and duration of the downturn that in our severely adverse scenario that I mentioned before, that takes our common equity tier one ratio to roughly 8% and that's with the assumption that we continue our dividend at the current level. And that current dividend is only $185 million a quarter or so as far as the $180 million reported as far as the capital utilization. And so it's not a high percentage as far as the overall earnings capacity of the organization. It's also something that's very important to our shareholders and especially our retail shareholders. So we'll take that all into consideration. We believe that we're well positioned to continue to maintain that based on our current outlook and assessments. And so we don't see that as coming at risk, but we'll continue to reevaluate as we get through this quarter and beyond to see the economy trending at that point.
Bill Carcache: So to the extent that this were to be a prolonged downturn. Do you think that is the decision over whether or not to spend the dividend, when that you think banks should have the freedom to make on their own? Or would you prefer that regulators more broadly urge banks to suspend the dividend, so the entire industry is sort of in the same boat rather than having one off cases across individual banks. Just curious what your views are?
Don Kimble: I think if you talk to most banks, we have all significantly increased our capital levels and our liquidity position since the crisis. And part of the reason for doing that was to be able to continue to support our customers in times of need and we think that we're well positioned to do that. But also where appropriate continue to support our common dividend. Most if not all banks have cut out their share buybacks and that's a significant portion of the capital returns have occurred over the last few years. And so that portion has already been stopped. And so as we look forward, the regulators may come to a point that where they are recommending that the large banks do suspend dividend if they believe that the things are too dire. But I think that most banks would believe that we're well positioned to continue to support those based on what we're seeing in the economy today and based on our capital levels that we maintain.
Bill Carcache: Thank you so much. And let me echo, Beth, I’ve enjoyed the time we spent together and certainly echo everyone’s congratulations as well.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Bill.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Don, wondering if you could just give us a little bit more detail on some of the points that you made in the guidance. So, first of all, when you talk about the non-market revenues, in your prepared remarks, you talked about a couple of extra negatives this quarter. So, when you're thinking about slightly lower off of the first quarter, should we be adjusting for those little dings as well as much as obviously for the fair value marks?
Don Kimble: Yes, the fair value marks are more than little dings. And although credit spreads have already come in nicely since the end of the quarter and if we would snap the line as of yesterday as opposed to March 31st that $73 million reserve for customer derivatives will be down by $25 million already and so, we think that will provide some additional support. We would not expect that the ding that we mentioned as far as the operating lease adjustment, that was more of a one time, one-off type of an adjustment as opposed to something we would see going forward. If you look at some of the other revenue categories, trust and investment services, about half of that is related to asset values and about half of it is brokerage and/or commercial activity, trading account activity within that. And so, those levels were a little elevated this quarter, which we would probably see come down a little bit. I would say that the cards and payments related revenues are impacted by credit card, purchase card and merchant services revenues. It's about 50% of that tied to that category and we did see declines of 20% to 30% of those transaction volume levels at the end of first quarter. So, we would expect those kinds of trends initially continue into the second quarter. But many of the other revenue categories could see some stability and/or even increase, but residential mortgage fee income was negatively impacted by $9 million of MSR impairment. Our pipeline right now is sitting at $2 billion, which is 2 times what it was going into the first quarter. And so, we should see some nice ramp up in those revenues. And so, that's why we think that we would see some of the other revenue categories down slightly, reflecting some of that activity level but being offset by some of the benefit for residential mortgage and other fee categories.
Ken Usdin: And so then your markets really presumes that really speaks to the investment bank, and understanding it’s too early. Maybe can you just talk about your product areas and just you know what's happening in those product areas? You've got the CRE business on one side and then your verticals. Obviously, to your point earlier about the fair value marks, the markets have improved. We've seen some opening in certain places. So while early, can you just maybe talk about the dynamics that the customers are talking through that you're hearing about with regards to whether pipelines are moving on?
Chris Gorman: So pre COVID-19, we had what we described as very good pipelines across the board. What has impacted our business the most is the delay in M&A activities. Obviously, the whole world is in price discovery right now and it's not a time when you can complete an M&A transaction that also has a knock-on effect of our syndication, because we finance many of the transactions in which we advise. So that is, those deals I don't think are gone, but the question is when do they come back. And that goes back to Don's point, how deep and how long, which everyone is trying to figure out right now. Now just to step back, some of our verticals that we've invested heavily in, I think will be well positioned as we go forward. If you think for example about health care, our Cain Brothers platform is probably the number one advisor for facilities-based health care. I think you're going to see massive consolidation as we come out of this. The next area of where we've invested a lot of time and money has been technology. And I know I can speak for KEY, we have 3 times as -- our growth rate of digital customers is 3 times the rate prior to COVID-19. And so, the whole notion of software-as-a-service, the whole notion of technology, I think is going to be an area that goes really well. Another area where we're focused is renewables. And I don't think that is going to have much of an impact. I think if you look at the push for both wind and solar, and we're a leader in North America, I think those will remain strong. So, that gives you a little bit of a flavor maybe from both a product perspective and a vertical perspective.
Ken Usdin: And then one just quick one on the expenses side, so really good first quarter result and you're talking about stable. Is part of that again the reflection of the uncertainty on the markets related revenues and the kind of slower start to the year? Or are there other things that you're also doing underneath what you'd already done last year to continue to hold the line there? Thanks guys, and best of luck, Beth.
Don Kimble: And we are continuing to focus on other expense initiatives and programs to help to move the expense levels down. I would say that some of the outlook reflects not only some revenue outlook provided but also some of the additional efforts, including what we’ll be seeing from a branch distribution perspective, what we're seeing from a current operating expense levels for supporting our current team. And also include some increased costs that we're expecting because of the shutdown that we're paying additional incentives to many of our team members that are required to be out in the application for their responsibilities, whether it's branch employees or others. And we've also had to step up some costs associated with on-shoring some activities where we've seen some third party vendors that haven't been able to provide this, the support that we need in certain areas and it's requiring us to add some additional resources there. And so each of those are reflected in that relatively stable expense outlook.
Operator: Our next question is from now Brian Foran with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Brian Foran: I was just thinking about some of your comments about the differences now versus the crisis for KEY. And I guess one of the things during the crisis that was tough was the PP&R, your pre-provision earnings really kind of collapsed, they got down $80 million in 3Q ‘09. And I guess, this quarter even with all the charges that’s over 500. And Don, I guess, is it fair with all your comments even building in uncertainty for investment banking, it seems like you're kind of pointing to the number of maybe $600 million a little north of that. And then bigger picture beyond the number, as you think about the importance of that PP&R being so much higher just in terms of your ability to chew through whatever the ultimate losses are?
Don Kimble: That’s been a core focus of our is continue to improve or maintain our positive operating leverage to deliver improvements in that core performance, to see a shift of our portfolio into more of a balanced approach. And so that we have higher percentage of retail oriented businesses today than what we did before, and those are critical to us. I would agree that that increased level of PP&R is clearly important to us as far as supporting our dividend going forward and our overall capital position. And so even in the stressed environments, we're still showing strong levels of PP&R to be able to support the increased credit cost that might occur in those types of environments. And that's why we believe we are able to maintain those capital actions based on that type of an outlook.
Brian Foran: And then maybe one follow-up as we think about the trajectory for capital going forward, can you remind us, so all of the OCI is excluded from the CET-1 ratio, and if that's right. How much flexibility would you see, whether it's the hedges or securities gains if you needed to access a little bit more CET-1, what would be a reasonable ballpark for the flexibility that the securities gains and hedges would give you?
Don Kimble: The majority of the OCI is backed out for capital purposes. And so, we are sitting in a net positive that would give us a lot of flexibility to be able to manage that common equity Tier-1 ratio up by realizing some of those security gains if we wanted to. Our challenge for that would be that we don't want to do it for earnings or liquidity perspective and oftentimes, you'll see a degradation in the future earnings when you would swap out the securities through lower yielding securities today, but it does provide us some flexibility there.
Operator: Our next question is from Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: First of all, best of left Beth and we will miss working with you. So, most of my questions have been asked, but I'll follow up on a CECL related question, maybe this is for Don and for Mark. And it's a little bit more of a broader question, but it's in response to Erika's question. And I guess I'd like to get your perspective on this DFAST stress test and where they're useful as a gauge to look at CECL reserve adequacy in downside case scenarios and where they're not, and is there a risk of taking those results too literally. And I asked that because beyond sort of the differences you highlighted Don in terms of the economic assumptions, DFAST is sort of a fundamentally different exercises, it's meant to measure loss absorbing capital in a severe scenario and hence the construction of DFAST is conservative, whether it's line draw assumptions or until recently asset growth, it's a nine quarter period and which is very different obviously from your corporate book, a lot of which is much, much shorter contract maturities you’re reserving over. And CECL is a best guess estimate of a point in time estimate of what your reserves and your losses will be, so it's sort of a fundamentally different construct. So, I guess like my question is more, how should we use that as sort of a gauge and is there a risk of taking those results in the $4 billion you mentioned too literally as sort of a gauge of where reserves to go to even in a really severe scenario?
Don Kimble: Saul, I think you've answered the question better than I can. But I agree with your observation that the purpose for CCAR is one to stress the capital. And so the assumptions that are included in that would include higher utilization continuing for an extended period of time as far as some of the commercial loan draws, would include using some historic loss rates that may not be reflective of the current environment or the current portfolio levels. The fed testing would include some adjustments for where the data isn't present for their models, which elevate the lost content compared to what you might see. Another nuances of it for CECL, you only provide the level of the reserves for the loan through its maturity, whereas in CCAR you would assume those loans get rolled over and therefore it could be subjected to future loss based on the economic scenario. So, it's a challenge. And I would say that I'm surprised as tightly as some of the estimates and numbers have come out from the banks that have announced so far as far as the ranges for the change in the CECL reserves. I thought they would be all over the board that if you think about the variability in the different types of economic outlooks, you could assume the impact and the models, what kind of reasonable supportable period are people using and how do those revert back to the norms, I would have expected even a wider variability than what we're seeing today as far as the earnings announcements that come through. And so I think it's helpful as far as the benchmark but I don't think that it's necessarily predictive as far as if we would see the economy get worse, that's the reserves that would be required.
Saul Martinez: I guess, I was just, I just wanted a little bit of verification that's the way I was thinking about it, is broadly applicable. I guess just a quick follow-up and on the slide with that risk portfolios. A clarification, these leverage loan portfolio, how much overlap is there in that portfolio with some of the other segments that are at risk that you thought right at there?
Don Kimble: I would say there's very little overlap there that I would say that generally our leverage book probably more is commercial industrials in nature as opposed to the categories that are shown. Chris, would you have any other insights there.
Chris Gorman: Our leverage book lines up of very, very strongly with verticals that we are deep in and so there would not be a lot of overlap.
Saul Martinez: And just on those risk buckets like any, there's a big variance within those buckets, like travel, for example, hotels, tours and then there's airing water. I guess like is there a more granular assessment, whereas how much hotels, for example, the risk your parts within those buckets, is there a way to kind of gauge that these are fairly broad categorizations for some of these, for the consumer discretionary and travel that you highlighted?
Chris Gorman: There are some broader categories. For example, hotels, I believe that number is between the 700 and a billion dollar level, so a fairly small portion of the overall portfolio. But we'll see if we can provide some additional clarity or granularity around those buckets. But many of our peers have been more granular as far as coming on where there are very specific areas of risk and these are more broader subsets.
Don Kimble: And we have that, so we can provide it.
Operator: And our final question will be from the line of our Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Don, maybe you can share with us. Obviously, we know about the high-risk nature of certain parts of your portfolio and your peers. You just touched on about hotels and leisure types of credits, if you take that energy off the table for a moment. What are the other areas of the portfolio are you all focused on in making sure that if you keep it really close handle on, what's going on in case this downturn extends out longer than any of us expect?
Chris Gorman: This isn't new to the pandemic. We've always focused first and foremost on anything where there's a lot of leverage. And so for us, it's our leverage book, which we indicated here and it's also any of our real estate portfolios, those are the two places where there’s leverage. We've been monitoring those very, very closely for a very long time. But those are the two areas when you think about financial and economic stress, I always start with leverage.
Gerard Cassidy: And then some of us on this call have been around for a while, and we remember the U. S. Government getting involved in lending or getting involved with the banks, and then subsequently changing the rules on the banks. You might recall how crisis with cyclic Tri Capital and what happened after that fiasco, and of course we had TARP and how they changed the rules on how to get out of TARP. What safeguards are you guys putting up in this new program, the PPP program or the main street lending program where you're working with the government, you're helping your customers, which is great. Everybody's working twice as hard to get this done. But a year and a half from now, we're going to see that there was some mistakes made by the industry, let's say, probably you're putting in place to prevent any kind of pushback that you get, not just for your but the industry may get a year and half from now.
Chris Gorman: First of all, Gerard, it's a great question. And obviously when a program is put together in the matter of weeks that’s $350 billion we think going to another $250 billion, there it's not perfectly clean. And our posture was that we need to be there to support our clients and we need to be out there talking to them and helping them through this period. So, that was kind of our guiding principle. Having said that, we also spent time on things like indemnification, reps and warranties from the customers. Don, do you want to add to that?
Don Kimble: No, I think you're right, Chris. So we've been very careful before we even send the app in for approval from the SBA that we have done our homework, and we've done appropriate underwriting based on the standards that are put in place. And so, it's been a significant effort on the team's part to ramp ups to be able to address that. But that's primarily our area of safeguard is making sure that we are following, our understanding and our best interpretation and the guidelines and rules that are out there. So, we again appreciate everything that's being done from the treasury, from the fed, from others that are trying to help provide that bridge. And we want to support our customers through that the best way that we can. And so we just want to do it right but hopefully and not subject ourselves to additional risk with hindsight after the dust settles.
Gerard Cassidy: And then just finally, congratulations Beth on your great run and providing strong leadership to KEY and to women in general, and good luck in your future adventures. Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Thank you so very much, Gerard, and to all of you today.
Operator: And with that, I'll turn it back to the company for any closing comments.
Chris Gorman: Again, thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow up questions, you can direct them to our investor relations team (216) 689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp’s Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Beth Mooney. Please go ahead.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp’s Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for the call are Chris Gorman, President and Chief Operating Officer; Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I am now moving to Slide 3. I will provide some overview comments on the quarter and full year results, and then Don will provide a more detailed look at our results and outlook and then Chris will discuss Key’s priorities for 2020 and beyond. As you have seen with our headlines this morning, Key had a good quarter, which finishes what has been another successful year for our company as we continue to grow, invest for the future, and deliver on our commitments. For the fourth quarter, we reported GAAP earnings per share of $0.45 and our EPS results for the quarter were $0.48, excluding $0.03 from notable items related to a previously disclosed fraud loss and a pension settlement charge. To provide a consistent view of our financial trends and prior period comparisons, my remarks this morning will focus on results that exclude notable items in all periods. Importantly, we delivered positive operating leverage for both the quarter and the year, and this was our seventh consecutive year of positive operating leverage which places us among a select group of peers. We continue to see strong balance sheet growth this quarter with both loans and deposits up over 4% relative to the year ago period. Our relationship-based business model continues to position us well with our targeted clients, which results in more clients and expanded relationships. Total revenue was up linked quarter, but down slightly for the year reflecting the impact of lower interest rates. Don will discuss our revenue outlook in his remarks, but we believe we are well positioned for the rate environment and have opportunities to grow both our spread income and fee revenue. Expense management has been a real bright spot this year. Full year expenses are down 3% from the prior year as we completed our $200 million cost reduction program and drove further savings through our continuous improvement efforts. This helped improve our cash efficiency ratio by 140 basis points year-over-year. And although we have been focused on reducing expenses, we have continued to invest a portion of our cost savings back in the business to drive future growth. And let me touch briefly on two of those investments: Laurel Road and our residential mortgage business. We acquired Laurel Road in April of last year, and our loan originations during the year totaled $1.8 billion, well above our original expectations, and these are high-quality loans largely focused on medical professionals that provide us an opportunity to build broader digital relationships with these clients over time. Our residential mortgage business is another area where we are seeing strong return on our investments. Originations for 2019 were $4.3 billion, up over 120% from 2018 with $1.5 billion being originated this last quarter. We are seeing record activity and pipelines are poised for continued growth into 2020. Now turning to credit quality. Our trends remain solid this quarter with net charge-offs of 31 basis points for the year, excluding the fraud loss, which remains below our long-term over-the-cycle range. Our nonperforming loans declined slightly from the prior quarter and our other credit metrics, including criticized and classified loans remained relatively stable. We believe that our steadfast commitment to maintaining our moderate risk profile and strong credit underwriting will continue to serve us well. And we have continued to maintain a strong capital position while returning a significant amount of our capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $240 million of common shares and declared a $0.185 quarterly dividend, up 9% from last year. And before I turn the call over to Don, let me just say again that this was a good quarter for Key and clearly demonstrates the strength and resiliency of our business model. Across the company, we continue to add and expand relationships which drove growth in loans, deposits, and fees. Our business model and interest rate hedging also position us well as we move through different business cycles and rate environments. And expense management remains a priority as we continue to identify opportunities to improve efficiency. And finally, our CEO transition continues to proceed smoothly. With Chris assuming the CEO role May 1, I’m confident in Chris and the leadership team who are fully engaged and committed to deliver on our long-term targets, maintain our moderate risk profile, and ultimately deliver value for our shareholders. And our results and our bright future would not be possible without our talented and diverse team across our company. I want to thank all of them and share with you how proud I am of the entire Key team. With that, I’ll close and turn the call over to Don.
Don Kimble: Thanks, Beth. I’m now on Slide 5. This morning, we reported fourth quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.45 per common share. Adjusting for notable items, including a pension settlement charge and additional costs related to a previously disclosed fraud loss in July of 2019, earnings per share was $0.48. Our adjusted results compared to $0.48 per share in both the year ago period and the prior quarter. This quarter, we recognized an additional charge of $16 million in our provision related to the previously disclosed fraud incident. Importantly, we do not expect material losses from this incident in future period. I would also point out that no collections have been applied against our loss, but we do expect recoveries to be realized later this year. I’ll cover many of the remaining items on this slide in the rest of my presentation. So now turning to Slide 6. Total average loans are $93.6 billion, up 5% from the fourth quarter of last year, driven by growth in both commercial and consumer loans. Consumer loans benefited from strong growth from Laurel Road, residential mortgage business, and indirect auto. Laurel Road originated over $800 million of student loan consolidation loans this quarter, and we generated $1.5 billion of residential mortgage loans. The investments we have made in these areas are clearly driving results and importantly adding high-quality loans to our portfolio. Linked quarter average loan balances were up 2% and were primarily driven by momentum in our consumer business. C&I loans in the fourth quarter were relatively flat reflecting the timing of various bridge loan repayments, which are consistent with our business model. Importantly, we have remained disciplined with our credit underwriting, and we have walked away from business that does not meet our moderate risk profile. We remain committed to performing well through the business cycle and we manage our credit quality with this longer-term perspective. Continuing on the Slide 7. Average deposits totaled $113 billion for the fourth quarter, up $5 billion or 4% compared to the year-ago period and up 2% from the prior quarter. Growth from the prior year and prior quarter was driven by both consumer and commercial clients as well as additional short-term deposits in our current quarter. Total interest-bearing deposit cost came down 13 basis points from the prior quarter reflecting the impact of lower interest rates and the associated lag in pricing. We would expect deposit cost to continue to decline further throughout 2020. We continue to have a strong, stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for 65% of our deposit mix. Turning to Slide 8. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $987 million for the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to just over $1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2018 and $980 million in the prior quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.98% for the fourth quarter of 2019 compared with 3.16% in the fourth quarter of 2018 and 3% for the third quarter. The decrease in net interest income from the fourth quarter 2018 reflects lower interest rates and higher interest-bearing deposit costs as well as a decline in purchase accounting accretion. These declines were partially offset by higher earning asset balances. Compared to the third quarter, net interest income increased $7 million or 1%, driven by an increase in average earning assets and a relatively stable net interest margin. Our net interest margin this quarter reflects both lower earning asset yields and the benefit from lower deposit costs with our interest-bearing deposit costs down 13 basis points from the prior quarter. In the appendix of our slide deck, you can find additional information on our asset liability positioning. We’ve continued to actively hedge to reduce our exposure to declining rates executing approximately $3.5 billion in interest rate swaps and floors in the fourth quarter. Since the third quarter of 2018, we had entered into total swaps and floors of $21 billion. Today, our net interest income impact for 100 basis point parallel decrease from the current levels is approximately 1%. Moving on to Slide 9. Key’s non-interest income was $651 million for the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to $645 million for the year ago quarter and $650 million in the third quarter. The increase from the year ago period reflects higher operating lease income, consumer mortgage fees and corporate services income. Other income, this quarter, reflected a $22 million reduction related to the market-related credit valuation adjustments tied to consumer – customer derivatives. This reduction was partially offset by various gains. Compared to the prior quarter, non-interest income was relatively stable. A seasonal increase in corporate-owned life insurance and a solid finish to the year in investment banking was – business was largely offset by the decline in other income. Our investment banking revenues came in slightly below our expectation as certain transactions were delayed into the first quarter of 2020, setting up a strong pipeline going into this year. I’m now turning to Slide 10. Expense management continues to be a very positive story as we’ve delivered on our expense and efficiency commitments. Fourth quarter reported non-interest expense was $980 million, which included $22 million of notable items, an $18 million pension settlement charge recorded in other expense and $4 million of professional fees related to the previously reported fraud loss. The year ago period also included notable items totaling $41 million related to a pension settlement charge and efficiency related costs. No notable items were reported in the third quarter. Adjusting for notable items compared with the year ago period, non-interest expense declined $13 million, reflecting the successful implementation of Key’s expense initiatives across the franchise, partially offset by the addition of Laurel Road in April 2019. Compared to the prior quarter, adjusting for notable items, non-interest expense increased $19 million. Business services and professional fees were seasonally higher this quarter, and we had an increase in incentive compensation in part attributed to the quarterly increase in our stock price increasing our stock-based compensation by $8 million. These increases were partially offset by lower intangible amortization. Moving on to Slide 11. Our credit quality remains strong, and we continue to be consistent and disciplined in our underwriting. As I said earlier, our provision and net charge-offs this quarter included $16 million from a previously disclosed fraud loss. The charge was a result of payroll-related payments for employees of clients of the fraudulent company. Again, we do not expect any further material losses related to this previously disclosed fraud event to be recognized in future periods, and we do expect recoveries to be realized later this year. Excluding the fraud loss, net charge-offs were $83 million or 35 basis points of the average total loans in the fourth quarter, which continues to be below our over-the-cycle range of 40 basis points to 60 basis points. On a similar basis, again, excluding the fraud loss, the provision for credit losses was $93 million for the quarter, which exceeded net charge-offs, reflecting continued loan growth. Non-performing loans were $577 million this quarter, down $8 million from the prior quarter. Non- performing loans represent 61 basis points of period-end loans compared to 63 basis points last quarter. Criticized loans also declined this quarter. Overall, our credit quality remains strong. Our new loan originations in both our commercial and consumer books continue to be of high quality in relationship businesses. Turning to Slide 12. Capital ratios remained relatively stable this quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.43% at the end of the fourth quarter. As Beth mentioned earlier, we remain committed to our capital priorities, including returning a significant amount to our shareholders. In the fourth quarter, we declared a common dividend of $0.185 per share. We also continued to repurchase common shares with $241 million repurchased this quarter. On Slide 13, we have provided our outlook for the full year 2020. This builds on our performance in 2019 and reflects our expectation for another year of positive operating leverage and continued momentum across the company. Guidance range definitions are provided at the bottom of the slide. Average loans should be up in the mid-single-digit range driven by growth in both commercial and consumer balances. We’ll continue to benefit from our distinctive commercial platform and the recent investments we’ve made in our consumer businesses, including Laurel Road in our consumer mortgage business. Average deposits should be up in the low single-digit range. Net interest income should be up in the low single-digits. This assumes solid balance sheet growth, lower deposit rates and continued benefit from our asset liability positioning. Non-interest income should be up mid-single digits reflecting growth in most of our core fee-based businesses. We would expect to hold non-interest expense relatively stable in 2020, excluding notable items, reflecting our culture of continuous improvement and our focus on efficiency while allowing us to continue to make investments for future growth. Using the midpoints of our revenue and expense guidance ranges for 2020; this would result in our eighth consecutive year of positive operating leverage placing us in a select group of our peers. For our cash efficiency ratio, it would show continued progress. That would place us just slightly above our targeted range of 54% to 56% for the year. Our efficiency outlook reflects the meaningful decline we have seen in both short-term rates as well as the long end of the curve. What has not changed is our focus on expenses. And as I said, we expect to hold expenses relatively stable, which includes additional cost savings that will allow us to invest back in our business. Moving to credit quality. We see nothing on the horizon that changes our outlook. Net charge-offs to average loans should remain relatively stable with the second half of 2019 and below our through-the-cycle target range of 40 basis points to 60 basis points. And we expect our loan loss provision will exceed net charge-offs reflecting continued loan growth. The adoption of CECL will impact – excuse me, will result in an increase to our provision for loan growth. Our assumption is, the economy is relatively stable throughout the year not requiring any further adjustments to the ending allowance. Our guidance for our GAAP tax rate will be in the range of 17% to 18%. And one more item not included in our guidance is our share count. From 2018 to 2019, our average shares declined by 50 million shares. The decline would be slightly less for 2020 given the higher share price and the impact of our 2019 capital plan. Our guidance also assumes some variability over the course of the year. First quarter will reflect normal seasonality, including a lower day count and an increase in personnel expense driven by heightened employee benefit costs. And finally, we’ll remain confident in our ability to achieve our long-term targets listed at the bottom of the slide, which we believe will translate into greater shareholder value. Before I turn the call back over to the operator, Chris will provide some comments on our results this morning and our outlook and priorities. Chris?
Chris Gorman: Thank you, Don. I would agree with Beth and Don that this was a good quarter and a very successful 2019 for Key. This is especially notable given the challenging rate environment. Our performance clearly demonstrated the strength and resiliency of our strategy and our business model. Importantly, we continued to make investments to drive long-term growth sometimes at the expense of near-term earnings and efficiency. A great example is Laurel Road. Not only has this acquisition exceeded our initial expectations but we believe we have only begun to realize the potential of Laurel Road in building long-term digital relationships. It’s a great example of strengthening our franchise by building scale in a very targeted way. As we look forward, our priorities will guide our decision making in 2020 and beyond. First, we will continue to invest in order to build targeted scale in our distinctive and proven business model, technology and digitizing, our business will remain high on our list of priorities. Secondly, we will continue on our journey to improve productivity and efficiency, which will drive positive operating leverage. Third, there is nothing more important than maintaining our moderate risk profile. This is an area where we underperformed through the last downturn, and we are committed to outperform through the next business cycle. And finally, we will be disciplined with our capital. As you’ve probably heard me say, we are focused on the return on and the return of capital. I will close by saying that I’m very excited about Key’s future. As Beth mentioned, our leadership transition continues to go very smoothly. We have a great leadership team, and we are well positioned to achieve our long-term targets. We believe our valuation does not yet reflect the strength of our company and the progress that we have made. I am committed to delivering on our commitments and building value for our shareholders. With that, let me turn the call over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we’ll go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning everyone. How are you?
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Beth, can you share with us and maybe, Chris, as well, what are you hearing from your business customers? We’ve heard some of your peers talk about a change of sentiment amongst commercial customers in the fourth quarter. And I was wondering if you guys saw any of that in your fourth quarter numbers?
Beth Mooney: Yes, I will briefly address that, and then I’ll turn it over to Chris to further augment. But I do think as we go back and look at the summer when there was so much anxiety for lack of credit reform in the economy and sentiment was impacted by what we’re going to be various trends around trade, interest rates, and global growth. We saw a strengthening of sentiment in the fourth quarter as a number of these things both got clarified, specifically relative around trade and then just the impact of the cumulative months of the economy continuing to perform well. So, sentiment strengthened as we went through the end of the year. And obviously, consumer sentiment with the strength of the employment in labor markets ended the year strong as well. Chris?
Chris Gorman: Yes. Beth, the only thing I would add to that, the consumer is very strong. And we see that in our mortgage business, we see that in our Laurel Road business, as we look at FICO scores, 760, 770, very solid on the consumer side. On the commercial side, Gerard, to your point and Beth’s point, we did see what I think is a pivot to more constructive kind of mindset and discussions in the last 45 days to 60 days. The challenges still remain in that area. We’re not seeing a lot of capital investment yet. I would anticipate that we would at some point and also their biggest challenge is continuing to be able to go out and hire people. Those are kind of the two challenges, but I do agree with the premise of your question that it’s gotten better as we got through Brexit and also the – some trade discussions.
Gerard Cassidy: Very well. And then, Don, you touched a couple of times in your prepared remarks about the losses associated with the fraud. Two-part question. One is, in the post op, now, it’s about six months from that discovery, what have you guys learned from that issue? And then second, you talked about recoveries, I don’t know if you can give us a guide on how much you think you might recover?
Don Kimble: Yes, a couple of things. What we have learned and maybe provide a little bit of additional clarity as to what happened as far as the losses this quarter that we have made the decision as we entered into this discovery that we were going to honor payments going to employees or employee benefits related to employees of customers of the fraudulent company. And so we want to make sure we had good money for good people. And so we had some outsized payments occur after that July 9 time period that got reflected in this additional $16 million charge this quarter. And so we think it’s the right decision for us as a company, but did translate to that. We do not expect to see any further material charges going forward from this and continue to work with the bankruptcy courts, the restructuring agent that’s onsite, and also the forensic accounts as well. And as far as the recoveries going forward, we’re still subjected to the legal process. So we are not in a position yet to start to realize some of the benefits for those recoveries. But as I highlighted briefly that we do believe that the loss we recognized this quarter is temporary and the future recovery should more than offset that, but we probably don’t expect much until second half of this year as far as the flow from that.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Hey Don, you mentioned in your comments, you had a bit of the excess liquidity, and you mentioned your lingering exposure rate changes. I’m just wondering, as you’re growing the consumer book and fixed rate product at it, how do you expect that liquidity to get pulled out back into earning assets? And do you expect to grow the securities book anymore or is that a reasonable size? Thanks.
Don Kimble: Yes. I would say that we would expect, as we highlighted, to see a mid-single-digit kind of loan growth, and it’s going to have a bigger contribution from consumer loan growth. And so we’re very excited about that. We’ve also highlighted that we expect to see deposits up low single-digits. And so you’ll start to see a remixing of the overall balance sheet. Long-term, we target our loan-to-deposit ratio to be in the 90% to 95% range, and we’re well south of that today. So we’ve got a lot of room to move that liquidity position down and remix into more loans. And so that’s why we feel comfortable with our guidance as far as relatively stable margin and could have some potential upside if that liquidity level gets absorbed quicker than what our forecast would suggest.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then one question on the efficiency ratio. You mentioned that you expect to be a little bit above the top end of the $54 million, $56 million. If rates stay flat from here, what would need to happen to get back inside that range on an annual basis?
Don Kimble: What we talked about was that with our midpoint of our guidance ranges we’ve established, it does show positive operating leverage. And with that positive operating leverage, I can say that very well – with that positive operating leverage, it will help drive that efficiency ratio down. And so that’s part of our guidance. And so we do think that we’ll make progress towards that in 2020, and that’s what’s needed to continue to achieve that from here that if you would just look at the rate environment that was in place in October of 2018 when we initially set this goal and also when we reaffirmed in January of last year, we’re seeing a bigger impact as far as rates on our net interest income. And if we would have had that rate environment in place throughout the year, we would have been inside that range here in the fourth quarter and also our outlook for 2020 would be inside that range. So that’s really the sole contributor that we are achieving our expense targets, and we are making progress as far as growing the overall core business but realizing the near-term impact of the lower rate environment.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Thank you, Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we’ll go to Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Don, just a quick question. You mentioned earlier in a sense of reason, most of – or I guess, the preponderance of growth will come – continue to come from the consumer side. Just as you guys look at things, at what point would we anticipate seeing a heavier lift on the provision just due to the complexion of growth?
Don Kimble: Yes. Well, this year will be an interesting year for all banks because of CECL. And I would say that the provision for loan growth should be higher on a relative basis compared to what was in the incurred loss method because the reserves required are higher. That being said, the categories that we’re expecting to continue to grow are very high FICO scores. So whether it’s residential mortgage or the Laurel Road loans or even our indirect auto. Even the CECL reserves are not that significant. And so we think that there will be some pressure there, but that not as much as you might initially assume.
Scott Siefers: Got it.
Chris Gorman: It’s Chris. The only thing I would add to that is our starting point. Obviously, we’ve been working really hard to be a more balanced bank between commercial and consumer. And our starting point is such that we think those are asset classes we can really grow.
Scott Siefers: Yes, okay, perfect. Thank you. And then, maybe, Chris, if you could just give kind of an updated thought on the outlook for the investment banking business? I know Don had mentioned that a couple of deals might have gotten pushed into the first quarter from the fourth quarter. So presumably, the pipeline is pretty strong, but just your overall thoughts on how 2020 might play out?
Chris Gorman: Yes, we feel good about where that business is. As Don mentioned in his comments, we did have some slippage from things into the fourth quarter, into the first quarter. But obviously, the trade-off for that as we go into the first quarter with strong pipelines, we feel good about the business, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. Thank you guys very much.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Peter Winter: I wanted to ask about the fee income. It was flat in 2019 and what some of the drivers are to get to the mid-single-digit growth rate for 2020?
Don Kimble: Yes, sure. A couple of things there. One, in 2019, as you recall, in the first quarter of 2019, we had a government shutdown, which really impacted on a negative way, the investment banking debt placement fees. We only had $110 million in that quarter. Up until that, the first quarter tends to run around $130 million-or-so in IB&D revenues. And so that was a direct impact. Also linked year that in 2018, we sold off our insurance business, which also had about a $20 million drag as far as the year-over-year fee income growth. And so that also had a negative impact from that perspective. Going forward, we think that fee income will see some strong growth from investment banking debt placement fees, not only because of the pipeline because we have an outlook that doesn’t include a government shutdown. And so we think first quarter should be off to a good start on a relative basis. We also expect to see continued growth in residential mortgage fees. We’ve seen some very good growth this year. We had $4.3 billion in originations, and that’s more than double what it was a year ago. And so we expect to see continued trajectory there as far as growing that business. And the third category, which had some noise in it in 2019 as well was our cards and payments related revenues that we launched a new cash back card, which had some negative impacts as far as the first year start-up of that product along with the wind down of a previous joint venture we had there. And so our expectation for 2020, which showed growth in that category as opposed to a relatively stable level there as well. So we’re excited about the momentum in our fee-based businesses, and that’s why we show an outlook that has mid-single-digit kind of growth for the year.
Peter Winter: Thanks. Very helpful. And then, Chris, if I can ask about Laurel Road, obviously, the origination activity is much better than even you guys were expecting. Can you talk about some of the opportunities that you have to deepen those relationships on the digital side? And when we would start to see some type of impact?
Chris Gorman: Sure. So there’s kind of three phases to it. One is to make sure we’re doing a really good job in the student loan refinance business. And obviously, that’s hitting on all cylinders. So that’s working. The next phase is the notion of having mortgages. And so we are in the pilot process and we’ll be rolling out throughout 2020 the opportunity for people complete online experience to go out and get a mortgage. The nice thing about that, Peter, is we’re also going to – we’re going to actually transport that across Key. So that will have a benefit for the rest of our company. And then lastly, we’re in the very early stages of this, but we believe, as I mentioned in my remarks, that we have the opportunity to realize holistic digital relationships with these more than one million health care professionals that are out there as an available market.
Peter Winter: Great. If I could just squeeze in one more housekeeping. How much was the paydowns on the commercial side from the bridge loans this quarter?
Don Kimble: Total paydowns for bridge loans were approximately $1 billion this quarter. So they were outsized compared to normal levels. But as we highlighted, that’s part of our core ongoing business. And so we will expect some timing differences throughout the various periods as to those events occurring.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next, we’ll go to line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
John Pancari: On the efficiency ratio expectation, the 54% to 56%, I understand that you expect to be just above it for 2020. Can you talk about the attainability of that range in terms of timing, if we don’t get rates? I know you answered to Ken that you had originally expected a better rate environment than what we’ve seen. So if we assume that we don’t get any change on the rate front, what is the timing around that range? What’s the reality about when you really see that is achievable?
Don Kimble: John, are you talking about for the full year or by quarters or because we don’t provide quarterly guidance. I would say that we would expect to see ongoing improvement this year compared to 2019 and further improvement in 2020. That if you use the midpoint of the guidance range, we still have a 56% handle to that efficiency ratio number. And so I think we’re making sizable progress toward that, and we continue to focus on that generation of the positive operating leverage to drive the earnings level. So I think we’re good there.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Thanks. And then separately on the CECL front, could you just talk about your – how CECL may have impacted your appetite to grow on the consumer side? Is there any difference in how you’re going to be treating some of the exposure that you put on the books in terms of longer-dated consumer loans? Thanks.
Don Kimble: Yes, sure. That we continue to look at that. I would say that the good thing about the consumer loan products that we’re focused on, we’re focused on very high FICO scores. And so very low default factors associated with those customers and through any type of economic scenario. And so we do believe that it still is appropriate risk profile for us. So it really hasn’t impacted our origination strategy that it does have a little bit higher upfront cost when you book the loan compared to the incurred loss method, but economically we still feel that it’s the right move and excited about the returns and the growth that we’re seeing from those areas.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks. If I could just ask one more on the margin side. I know you had indicated that you do expect some incremental declines in deposit costs. So for the margin outlook of relatively stable versus the fourth quarter level, so does that imply that you expect some decline on the loan yield side? Or is it a mixed factor that can help keep the – or that will not – or do you see some form of earning asset decline there in yields?
Don Kimble: Yes, that we could see some slight resetting of the loan yields, some of the fixed rate loans. The current go-to rates are slightly below what the portfolio is. So we should see some migration there. In the investment portfolio that overall rate came down by about two basis points this quarter, and that we’ll see some continued slight pressure there that our current purchase yield is slightly below where the overall portfolio is and so that will put some pressure. But with all that considered, we do expect to see the margin relatively stable and deposit costs should come down to help offset that other pressure.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks, Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: I wanted to follow up on Ken’s question. The market feeling good about some sort of revenue stability and growth going forward. But if the revenue outlook disappoints, particularly if it falls outside of your range, is there room to take expenses down in order to generate positive operating leverage? Or does the stable expense outlook have pretty firm plans in place for 2020?
Don Kimble: A couple of things. One, we’ve always talked about it, if the growth prospects from an organic business perspective aren’t there, we can’t pull that lever to pull back on the investments to pull or reduce the expenses over time. And so part of the challenge is that we don’t have that same flexibility if some of those are rate related like we experienced in 2019, but we do have levers there. And then the second thing is that those revenues that we’re forecasting growth rates, too, many of them have some variable expense component to it. And so if the revenues aren’t delivered, we won’t see the increase in incentive compensation that we’re forecasting in other areas like that. And Chris, any other thoughts there?
Chris Gorman: Well, the only thing I would add to that, Erika, is we have a lot of plans that involve investment. And so as we look at this plan to the extent that the revenues don’t show up as we would anticipate, we have the opportunity to either defer investment or reevaluate investments. So we are committed to providing positive operating leverage, and we’ll pull the levers that we need to.
Erika Najarian: Great. And just as a follow-up question to John’s line of questioning earlier, how much more rooms do you think there is to lower deposit costs from here?
Don Kimble: Yes. I would say near term, even in the stable rate environment for the next few quarters, we could see a four to six basis point kind of linked quarter decline in deposit rates. And some of that is related to what we talked about last quarter that we have some promotional rate money market deposits that will reset after either a six-month window or a 12-month window, and that’s about $7 billion, and as those reset that will help provide some benefit as far as driving those deposit costs down.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And with no further questions, Ms. Mooney, I’ll turn it back to you, if you have any closing comments.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. And if you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at (216) 689-4221. That concludes our remarks, and thank you, again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to KeyCorp's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I’d like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Beth Mooney. Please go ahead.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning. And welcome to KeyCorp's third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Joining me for the call is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Gorman, our newly appointed President and Chief Operating Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement and forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I'm now moving to Slide 3. And before I review our quarterly results, I want to comment on our leadership transition that we announced last month. In keeping with our thorough and robust succession planning process developed by our Board of Directors, I announced my upcoming retirement effective May 1st of next year and Chris Gorman was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer and a member of our Board of Directors. Chris will succeed me as Chairman and CEO next May. And I will have opportunities to speak with you over the next several quarters. But I just want to say that my time at Key has represented some of my most rewarding years of my 40 years in banking. I’m proud at what this team has accomplished as we have transformed this company, our culture, our strategy and our performance. And importantly, I will remain fully engaged over the next seven months and I’m committed to working with Chris for a seamless leadership transition. I look forward to Key’s continued success under Chris with our diverse and talented leadership team and I have a very confidence in our future success. Now moving on to the results we reported this morning. My remarks will adjust for our previously reported fraud loss and notable items in prior periods. So let me start with a few headlines. Earnings per share grew 7% from the year ago period and 9% from the second quarter. We reached the top end of our targeted cash efficiency ratio range of 54% to 56% with a reported 56% which is our lowest level in over a decade. We delivered another quarter of positive operating leverage, driven by both revenue growth and a 3% sequential quarter decline in expenses. And we saw solid balance sheet growth and strong fee income with a record third quarter for investment banking and debt placement fees. On the revenue side, we saw good momentum across our company. We grew both loans and deposits 4% from the prior year, driven by activity in both our commercial and consumer businesses. We generated another quarter of strong broad based growth in commercial and industrial loans and saw higher consumer loan balances driven by Laurel Road and strength in our consumer mortgage lending. Non-interest income was up 7% from the year ago period benefiting from strong investment banking and debt placement fees, as well as growth in corporate services and consumer mortgage income. As I said, non-interest expense was down 3% from the year ago period and reflects the successful execution of our cost initiatives, as well as our ongoing commitment to continuous improvement. And I would remind you that our expense levels relative to the prior year include the addition of our Laurel Road acquisition earlier this year. Importantly, although we are focused on bringing expenses down, we continue to invest a portion of our cost savings back into the business to drive future growth. And we continue to manage the company with a long-term perspective by taking action to position us to perform through the business cycle. This includes maintaining our disciplined credit writing - underwriting and our risk profile. We also continue to manage capital, consistent with our stated capital priorities including returning a significant portion of our earnings back to our shareholders. In the third quarter, we increased our quarterly common stock dividend by 9% to $18.50 per share and continue to repurchase shares. Before I turn the call over to Don, let me just say that this was a good quarter for Key and clearly demonstrates the strength and resiliency of our business model. We saw topline growth in loans, deposits, and fees and paired this with strong expense control. This drove our cash efficiency ratio to 56%, hitting our targeted range this quarter. Clearly there are some headwinds with lower interest rates and a sign of a slowing economy, and although our clients have turned more cautious, we continue to see good engagement and solid pipelines. Our business model and the interest rate hedging also positions us well as we move through the different business cycles and rate environments. And expense management also remains a priority as we continue to identify opportunities to further improve efficiency. We remain committed to reaching our long-term targets, maintaining our moderate risk profile and ultimately delivering results for our shareholders. With that, I will close and turn the call over to Don.
Don Kimble: Thanks Beth. I'm now on slide 5. This morning we reported third quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.38 per common share. Adjusting for our previously disclosed fraud loss, earnings per share was $0.48. Our adjusted results compared to $0.45 per share in the year ago period and $0.44 in the second quarter of 2019. As reported in July, we became aware of fraudulent activity conducted by a long standing business customer. Due to ongoing investigation litigation we're limited in the information we can share. The fraud loss was recognized in our provision for credit losses this quarter with a pre-tax impact of $123 million. The after-tax impact was $94 million. The fraud was realized as an overdraft to two various operating accounts and charged off resulting in a recognition through our provision for credit losses. We’re continuing to pursue all avenues of recovery and we will provide any material updates in our public filings. I would also point out the impact of interest rates on our return on tangible common equity. Over the last four quarters, our other comprehensive income component of our capital has increased by $1.2 billion primarily due to lower rates. This increase had 170 basis point negative impact on our ROTCE compared to the third quarter of 2018. Said otherwise, if the OCI remain the same, our ROCTE and notable items would have been 17.1% in the third quarter of this year. I’ll cover many of the other items on this slide in the rest of my presentation, so I'm now turning to slide 6. Our business model continues to position us well to grow relationships and loan balances. Total average loans were $92 billion, up 4% from the third quarter of last year, driven primarily by the growth in commercial and industrial loans, which were up 8%. Linked quarter growth and average balances was also driven primarily by commercial and industrial loans, up 2%. Our growth continues to be broad based across our footprint as well as through our targeted industry verticals. C&I growth was partially offset by decline in commercial real estate balances due to the elevated paydowns and our more cautious stance on certain loan types and markets. Importantly, our growth continues to be more balanced with continued growth in consumer loans. We have made meaningful investments in our consumer mortgage business and completed the Laurel Road acquisition earlier this year and both are delivering results. For Laurel Road, we originated over $500 million of loans this quarter, and our consumer mortgage business we originated $1.3 billion of loans in the third quarter more than double our volume from a year ago and up 20% from last quarter. Of this production, approximately 60% was retained on balance sheet. Importantly, we remain disciplined with our credit underwriting and we walked away from business that does not meet our moderate risk profile. We remain committed to performing well through the business cycle and we managed our credit quality with this longer term perspective. Continue on to Slide 7. Average deposits totaled $110 billion for the third quarter 2019, up $4.7 billion or 4% compared to the year ago period and up 1% from the prior quarter. Growth from the prior year was driven by both consumer and commercial clients. On a linked quarter basis, the increase in deposit balances was also driven by both consumer and commercial clients, as well as elevated levels of short-term deposits from certain commercial customers. Total interest bearing deposit costs were down one basis point from the prior quarter reflecting the lag in deposit pricing. We saw the impact of lower rates coming through late in the quarter and next quarter we would expect to see more of this benefit come through. We continue to have a strong stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for 66% of our total deposit mix. Turning to Slide 8. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $980 million for the third quarter of 2019 compared to $993 million in the third quarter 2018 and $989 million in the second quarter of this year. Our net interest margin was 3% for the third quarter 2019 compared to 3.18% for the third quarter 2018 and 3.06% for the second quarter. The decrease in net interest income from the third quarter of 2018 reflects lower interest rates, lower loan fees as well as a decline in purchase accounting accretion. These declines were partially offset by higher earning asset balances. Net interest income decreased $9 million or 1% from the prior quarter driven by lower interest rates and loan fees. This quarter's net interest margin came in lower than expected. Our deposit rates were higher than forecasted reflecting a slower response to interest rates and market pressures. We did see our rates move down late in the quarter providing benefit for the fourth quarter. Other factors that impacted our margin included lower loan fees costing one basis point and lower LIBOR rates relative to the change in Fed funds. In the fourth quarter, we expect net interest income and net interest margin to remain relatively stable. Our outlook includes average interest bearing deposit rates declining by approximately 10 basis points relative to the third quarter. This also assumes an additional 25 basis point cut in rates in late October and continued growth in our loans. In the appendix of our slide deck you can find additional information on our asset liability positioning. We’ve continued to actively hedge to reduce our exposure to declining rates, executing approximately $2.4 billion in interest rate floors in the third quarter. Our repositioning to reduce our risk to declining rates began in the third quarter of last year and since that time we’ve entered into a total of swaps and floors of $17 billion. Moving on to Slide 9. Key's non-interest income was $650 million for the third quarter 2019 compared to $609 million for the year ago quarter. The change from the year ago period reflects growth across most of these categories. We reached a record third quarter in investment banking debt placement fees up $10 billion from last year. We also saw strong corporate services income, primarily driven by higher fees from derivatives, and we also saw year-over-year growth in both consumer mortgage income and mortgage servicing these. Compared to the prior quarter, non-interest income increased by $28 million, driven by many of the same categories. Investment banking and debt placement fees increased $13 million from last quarter and we also saw growth in corporate services and consumer mortgage income. Now, turning to slide 10. Expense management continues to be a very positive story. As we’ve delivered on our expense and efficiency commitments. We completed our $200 million cost savings initiatives at the end of the second quarter and the results are fully in our third quarter run rate. We have also continued to reinforce our culture of continuous improvement throughout the organization. Third quarter non-interest expense was $939 million. This compares to $964 million in the third quarter of 2018 and $967 million in the prior quarter, excluding notable items in the second quarter. The table on the bottom left side of the slide breaks out the notable items. Non-interest expense decreased $25 million or 3% compared to the year ago period. The year-over-year comparison reflects the successful implementation of Key's expense initiatives and elimination of the FDIC surcharge. These expenses were partially offset by the addition of Laurel Road early this year. Compared to the prior quarter, non-interest expense declined $28 million, excluding notable items in the prior period. The decline reflects the successful implementation of Key’s expense initiatives across the franchise, which drove lower personnel expense and positively impacted a number of other line items. Moving on to slide 11. As I said previously, our provision and net charge-offs included $123 million from our previously disclosed fraud loss. Excluding the fraud loss, net charge-offs were $73 million or 31 basis points of the average total loans in the third quarter, which continues to be below our – over the cycle range of 40 to 60 basis points. On a similar basis, again, excluding the fraud loss, the provision for credit losses was $77 million for the quarter, which slightly exceeded our net charge-offs reflected continued loan growth. Non-performing loans were $585 million this quarter, up $24 million from the prior quarter, but down $60 million from a year ago period. Non-performing loans represented 63 basis points of period-in loans compared to 61 basis points last quarter. Non-performing assets this quarter had a temporary increase with the transfer of several loans that held for sale. We believe these credits are properly marked and are moving through the sales process, which should be completed soon. Criticized loans and our 90 day past due loans, both declined this quarter. Overall, credit quality remains strong. Our new loan originations in both the commercial and consumer book continue to be high quality relationship business. Turning on to slide 12. Capital ratios remain relatively stable this quarter with a Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.52% at the end of the third quarter. As Beth mentioned earlier, we remain committed to our capital priorities, including returning a significant amount to our shareholders. In the third quarter, we declared a common share dividend of $0.185 a share, up 9% from the quarterly stock dividend. We also continue to repurchase common shares with $248 million repurchased this quarter. Turning to slide 13. Similar to our approach a year ago, we have provided fourth quarter guidance relative to our third quarter results. The guidance ranges - guidance range definitions are provided at the bottom of the slide. Average loans should be up in the low single-digit range driven by C&I and continued growth in the consumer balances from Laurel Road in our consumer mortgage business. Average deposits should be relatively stable. Net interest income should be relatively stable with the fourth - in the fourth quarter. This assumes a 25 basis point interest rate cut, late in October and a solid balance sheet growth and decreased deposit rates which will help provide more stability in net interest income. Non-interest income should be up in the low single digit reflecting solid investment banking pipelines, as well as growth in our other fee businesses along with some seasonality in areas such as COLI. We would expect non-interest expenses to be also up in the low single digit range as a result of the seasonal factors including incentive compensation target lower capital markets business. Similar to past years, we would also expect to have a penchant settlement charge in the fourth quarter to approximate the amount taken in the same period last year. On a credit quality we see nothing on the horizon that changes our outlook. Net charge-offs including the fraud loss should remain stable and we expect that our loan loss provision will be - will slightly exceed net charge-offs reflecting continued loan growth. In our guidance for our GAAP tax rate will be approximately 16% [ph] Overall, we expect a good finish to the year despite some headwinds from rates and signs of potentially slower economic growth. Our clients have become more cautious that we continue to see good engagement and expect to grow through offering our targeted clients are attractive on an off-balance sheet alternatives. Overtime, we’ve reduced our net cash interest rate sensitivity and we remain diligent in our underwriting and risk management. And we’ll continue to manage expenses through our continuous improvement efforts, while investing a portion of the savings back into the business. Finally we expect to achieve our long-term targets and I believe over time our market valuation will reflect our progress and improve results. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of the call. John? 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First in line we have Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I guess first well congratulations on the succession to both of you guys. So maybe top - first question is on the tax rate. I think it came in a little lower-than-expected this quarter. It looks like the guide is perhaps for slightly lower one next quarter as well. Can you maybe talk to the nuance of that and if that's the kind of thing that would sustain itself into 2020 as well? 
Don Kimble: Yes. As far as the third quarter what you're seeing in the reported tax rate is the impact of the fraud loss, and so that really is reported on an incremental basis. So if you would adjust for that our effective tax rate was a little north of 16%. We would expect the same type of range for the fourth quarter which reflects the benefit of credits that are available to us and also the impact of the updated outlook for pretax earnings as well.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then just I guess a top level. Now that you’ve hit the top end of the efficiency range, do we think that's a number that you guys will be able to sustain into coming periods or improve upon or how were you thinking about that dynamic as you look into next several quarters?
Don Kimble: Yes. Long term we clearly want to operate within that range. We think that's appropriate given our business mix that we have here at Key. And it’s something that we feel is an indication of us being able to manage our overall cost structure efficiently and effectively. As far as, next year we’re still expecting to manage for the full year in that range. Now you could see quarters we’re like the first quarter of each year tends to be a little bit higher than through the rest of the year. But that would be our objective as well going forward.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you guys very much.
Operator: Next in the line we have Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe: Hey, thanks. Now, if I heard correctly I think you said 10 basis points of deposit house reductions in the fourth quarter including the October cut. I guess presumably let's call that a 20% deposit beta given the 50 basis point reduction. Can you just talk about like your ability to reduce deposit costs? Just in terms of your competition we hear it’s very slow of other banks bringing down their deposit costs. I'm just kind of wondering at what point does that actually start to accelerate? Thanks.
Don Kimble: Yeah. Sure. We would probably define it as stronger than a 20% beta because that rate decline doesn't occur till late in October, and so the average throughout the quarter would suggest something probably in the 30% beta. Longer term we would to see that in the 40% to 45% range as far as reaction to rates. You’re absolutely right; we are seeing competitive pressures, especially consumer side that is resulting in some of those deposits rates being a little stickier than what we would've expected initially. We still think there’s plenty of opportunity for us to manage that down and to be in that 40% to 45% beta to allow us to have more stability in the margin prospectively.
Ken Zerbe: All right. Great. And then could you provide an update in terms of the impact to CECL?
Don Kimble: Yeah. Sure. We’ll provide additional disclosure in our Q. But what we have talked about is that for commercial loans, we really don't see an increase from the incurred loss method to CECL. And on the economic outlook you could actually see a slight decline in commercial. Now offsetting that on the consumer side that we would expect the CECL reserve to probably be about three times the level that we’re seeing on the incurred loss method. And that really reflects more of a life of loan type of loss expectation as opposed to today. You probably have about a year and a half or so of charge-offs included in the consumer categories. And so luckily for us our reserves are only about 15% consumer and about 85% commercial. So the relative impact us should be fairly modest compared to some of the early indications we’ve seen from some of the other companies.
Ken Zerbe: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning. Just want to get some additional color of what you’re seeing in terms of loan demand. I know that you've indicated that the pipelines are solid, but obviously we’ve seen a little bit of pullback in ISM and a little bit of pullback in CapEx activity. So, I just want to see if we could talk a little bit about what you're seeing on the commercial side? And then what does that mean in terms of how you're thinking about your broader loan growth when you look at 2020? Could it be near the 4% that you're looking at for ‘19? Thanks. 
Chris Gorman: John. Its Chris. Good morning. Our loan growth this quarter was as a result of our continued focus and strength of our commercial businesses. What is differentiated now for Key vis-à-vis the past are the new engines that we have on the consumer side and as you’ve heard Don talk about the growth we have in mortgage and also now we have Laurel Road. So those will be opportunities for us to kick-in loan growth as we go forward. We anticipate on the commercial side, utilization being relatively flat. We have seen - as both Beth and Don mentioned our customers are cautious. But having said that, we’re still out there talking to our customers, serving our customers, the pipelines remains strong, but I think clearly there are some challenges out there.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks all right. That's helpful. On the - separately on the credit side, I was just wondering we could get a little bit more color on the non-performers. I know that NPLs were up a bit for the quarter despite the higher charge-offs even when you exclude the fraud. So I just wanted to get a little bit of color on what drove the inflows into non-accruals in the quarter? And what - and also if you have any detail on how criticized assets trended for the quarter? Thanks.
Don Kimble: Sure. As far as the change in the NPLs and the inflows, we did have three commercial credits that moved into non-performing status this quarter. They were criticized loans before and the status was changed from accruing to non-accruing. And those three loans totaled $100 million, and so that was isolated those individual credits. As we’ve said before you can have episodic type of issues or things that pop up that we believe are temporary. In connection with our nonperforming loans we also - as we mentioned transferred a pool of assets, which included some commercial and some residential real estate to held for sale, which on the process of sale we expect to close quickly and bring that level down. As far as the charge-offs, they came in at 31 basis point this quarter, I think they were 28 or 29 basis points last quarter. I think you will see some variability in that range but I think in the low 30 basis point range is probably a good outlook going forward and reflects a very stable and a very stable and a very strong credit quality overall. As far as criticized and classified, I’d say they're relatively stable and maybe even down a little bit linked quarter. But very, very stable as far as the overall credit quality from that perspective.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks, Don. Appreciate the color.
Operator: And next we'll go to Peter Winter with Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Peter Winter: You guys had very nice momentum on the expenses, particularly driven I guess by the reduction in headcount. I’m just wondering, do you think you can drive expenses lower further in 2020?
Don Kimble: Yeah. We’re always going to have a continuous improvement mindset. And what we would typically target would be to keep expenses relatively stable and allow us with that to make investments back in the business to grow the top line. We’re very focused on driving positive operating leverage and we continue to expect to deliver that this year and we'll expect to do that again next year as well. And so these continues improvement opportunities allow us to manage our expenses more efficiently, more effectively and it includes ongoing efforts like workflow redesign, branch consolidations and other things like that that we just think are part of our ongoing business model and it’s going to be critical for us to continue those efforts to make sure that we have the capacity to reinvest back in the business.
Peter Winter: Actually a follow-up on Scott’s question about the tax rate. Looking to 2020, would it go back to that more normal range of 18% to 19%?
Don Kimble: We’ll provide more guidance in January as far as the tax rate outlook. I think that there's a number of factors that influence that one is the level of credits that are available to us that we continue to be a active participant. Some of the alternative energy sources which allows us to realize some tax credits associated with that. And so part of our outlook will be determined based on what we see as the market for those credits, but also the impact of the overall pre-tax earnings going forward. And so we'll provide more outlook there. But I’d say that you’ll probably see some increase compared to the current year because of some of the noise that are in this year's numbers.
Peter Winter: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Hi, good morning. Hey, Don, just a follow up on that hope that you can still get inside the 54, 56 for next year on the cash efficiency ratio. Obviously, we’re seeing the headcount reductions. You just talked about some of the other efficiency improvements but the Street obviously still modeling way above that? Perhaps you can help us address just where you see the delta? Is it just that we're not anticipating as much of a reduction in the overall cost base as perhaps you guys are seeing? Any color just in terms of maybe how that cadence of expenses might go would be helpful? Thank you.
Don Kimble: Sure. And I think you've already hit on one of the surprise. I think that our expenses did come in lower than what The street was expecting for us this quarter and it really serves the foundation for us going forward. And so we would expect to, as I said be in a position so we can continue to manage that expense level to be relatively stable and continue to grow revenues. And so that's the critical part for us. And I think as we do that, we should be able to continue to manage that efficiency ratio into the range for us over time here.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. And then secondly just can you talk about the balance sheet protections and slide 17 is very helpful again. Just the cadence of how the forward starting swaps are going to move on? And any color that you can provide in terms of where the new floors and existing floors are going - are the strike prices are? Thanks, Don.
Don Kimble: Sure. We did add $2.4 billion of primarily floors this past quarter. And so as you highlighted that we’ve seen a lot of investments made there since the third quarter of last year. We’ve got about $3 billion worth of floors starting swaps that most of which will kick in here for us in the fourth quarter. And just to put that in perspective, we're going to have a received fixed-rate of upper 2% to 90 range as opposed to. Today it would be a much lower resulting, a starting point for that received fixed-rate. As far as the floors, it really provides this protection within a plus or minus 100 basis points range as far as the current flows. And so we did see some benefit in the third quarter from those floors and it's more provided as far as a additional protection for us in case rates do go down further than what we would expect. And so we’re using that more as a protection as opposed to a revenue source for us.
Ken Usdin: And one final one just - are you done with the program ads like is this where you want to be in terms of that swaps and floors math that you now have ready to start?
Don Kimble: We would like to continue to increase our derivatives offset some of the interest rate risk that we still have in the portfolio. So I think that when we've talked about $2.4 billion of new floors this quarter, we would expect to see that kind of similar pace going forward combination of floors and swaps. And the determination as to whether we would do the swaps or floors would be based on how does the forward curve compare with our internal assessment as to where rates are going. And so we think it's important to continue to position us to be even more interest rates neutral and we'll continue down that path.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Okay. Thanks, Don.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey. Good morning, everybody.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: I wanted to start first to follow-up on the comments Don, that you could hold expenses flat in 2020. What are your expectations for the headcount? You think on an overall basis you can still manage that lower next year?
Don Kimble: I would say that our efforts continue to be focused on a culture around continuous improvement, and so, we believe that there're ongoing opportunities for us to right size some of the workflows we have to throughout the organization. And as we've talked before in the past, we would expect to continue to see our branch count come down, and we've said it's 2% to 3%. And each one of those could have some impact on staffing, but the staffing numbers themselves aren't as critical to us as the efficiencies we gain. And we think there's other ways that we can leverage third-party vendors and leverage some of the technology spend that we make that will help drive some of those efficiencies that won't be as FTE dependent as was what we've experienced over the last year
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. That's helpful. And then when we look at the fourth quarter, it's typically your strongest quarter for IB and debt placement fees. Look at loans held for sale, they came down a bit. I know it's typically our leading indicator. Does that imply maybe a bit softer quarter for debt placement fees? I don't know what the pipeline looks for 4Q.
Chris Gorman: So, Steve, its Chris. Our fourth quarter pipeline is, I would characterize as strong. So sometimes there is a correlation as you look at what's held for sale and what's not. That depends a lot on mix. As we look at our pipeline, I would characterize our pipeline is strong going into the fourth quarter from investment banking and debt placement fees.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Got you. And then, if I could sneak one more in. Don, just looking at the appendix in the slide where you're calling out the year, basically effectively neutral to rates. Now, does this imply even beyond 4Q the NIM should be relatively flat, is that basically the assumption.
Don Kimble: That’s our expectation at this point time. I'd say that, what the slide would basically say as, we're neutral to the forward curve, and so if there are variances to that for curve, it could have an impact on near term rates. But that's our whole objective, as far as managing to more of an interest rate neutral position as to have as much stability as we can in that net interest margin and help drive the revenue growth from there.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Thanks, and congratulations Beth. Thanks for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Next we go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, everyone.
Don Kimble: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Don, you mentioned about the deposit rates didn’t start to move down until the end of the quarter following the last rate cut, there was somewhat of a delay. Do you think on future rate cuts, there’ll be the same type of delay or is this momentum that you're seeing on lower deposit costs will carry through into the next rate cut.
Don Kimble: I think, there were some situations this quarter that were unique, that on the consumer front we continue to see rates go up in July and even in the August, the consumer side and some of that was from promos that were in place and other things like that. I would say, going forward, we wouldn’t expect to see the same type of delay. We were a little surprised to be honest, though, that we thought that the markets would move down quicker than what they did and they didn't. But as I mentioned, for example, in the promos, we’ve got about $2 billion each quarter of money market deposits that are at a promo rate that will roll off. And so, that will also help accelerate some of the deposit betas on the retail side that we wouldn’t have available to us on a quote.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then, Chris, on Laurel Road, can you share with us - obviously, it seems to be going well, but what type of expansion, you can take from what you're learning from Laurel Road into other consumer products?
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, you're right Gerard. We've been very pleased with Laurel Road. First thing we wanted to do is sort of run the place that they had, which was really a complete digital approach to the refinancing of loans principally for doctors and dentists. And as you saw in this quarter we originated about $0.5 billion in loans. The next phase of that is going to be our ability to similarly provide mortgage. So as you can imagine we have in a digital format all the information we need for sort of Phase II which is to provide a digital mortgage to those customers, and further we can leverage Gerard that technology and that approach across all of Key. And then lastly what it would give us the opportunity to do at some point would be create an infinite a strategy around a targeted segment which is obviously consistent with how we go to market.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll go to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi. We’re going to be in the transition from Beth to Chris, can you just talk about how that transition works? Beth if you'll be staying around in any capacity once Chris takes the reigns? Why Chris was selected? And Chris maybe how you might think about things differently? I noticed it's a little unusual, but also it's appreciated to have both of you on the call and a smooth transition?
Beth Mooney: Good morning Mike I’ll start with - as you know Chris has been with our company since the last 1990s. He’s plan our Corporate Bank and very successfully developed that strategy on our behalf to include the what I call a distinctive corporate investment banking capability was the head of our merger and the last couple of years, he’s been our President - Vice Chairman and President of Banking. We also have at Key what I think it's a great and talented and very diverse team with good momentum. As of May 1 next year, I’ve been with the company 14 years and I will have been our CEO for 9 years. So I think there is value in knowing when it's an appropriate time to work on an orderly succession. And as we said in our comments, I will be our Chairman and CEO till May 1, at which time I will retire. And no, I will not have ongoing responsibilities at Key, I will fully retire, and at that time Chris will become our Chairman and CEO. And as I've said, I'm excited and fully confident in the team in the future under Chri’s leadership. And I too have chapters to write and things to do and I think this is an example of what a well orchestrated and appropriate succession looks like.
Chris Gorman: Mike, the only thing I would add to that is, it's obviously an honor and a privilege to lead what I think is just a great team. I think we have a really, really good and defined strategy that we laid out at Investor day, last October. The whole notion of targeted scale, how a company of our size can be really effective, when we target who we want to be relevant to and how we want to be relevant? As it relates to the transition, Beth and I work very, very closely together. And I am confident it will be an absolutely seamless transition. And as we go forward, while we have our strategy in place, the reality is our industry is changing and changing quickly. And I think we as a team, that can stay out ahead of it and position us for continued success.
Mike Mayo: And then just one follow-up, maybe looking in the past and in the future as it relates to scale, because you mentioned scale and the scale to compete in an era where the largest banks spend a lot more in technology and marketing and they're expanding into your markets. So just how do you think about your competitive positioning over the next 5, 7 years? Beth, you’ve obviously held to the current strategy, made one acquisition. Will the acquisition appetite maybe increased or what's your thought process? 
Don Kimble: So, as we look forward, as I mentioned, I think Mike, for a bank our size to try to be all things to all people is not the strategy, the strategy for us has always been to figure out who we can be relevant to and make the appropriate investments, whether it’s people, processes, technologies. And if you think about the investments we've made, things like HelloWallet, which is digital wellness, things like Laurel Road, things like Bolster, which is in the commercial side. We think with proper focus, we have all the capabilities that we need and bandwidth that we need to make investment continue to grow the business.
Mike Mayo: Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll go to Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Heym good morning. Congratulations Chris on the new role and Beth on all of your accomplishments. So I wanted to follow-up a little bit on the deposits commentary. Don, you mentioned that you were surprised the market didn't go even lower. Why do you think that is? And is it the version versus your expectation coming from the consumer side because you mentioned the promo rates and the pressure related to that or is it also occurring on the commercial side? And if you can just talk a little bit about your expectations for a 40% to 45% beta on the way down, I would think most of that is on the commercial side versus the consumer side, but if you can comment on that? And whether you think there are risks to being aggressive in commercial pricing? Does it hurt your competitive position at all for some of your commercial clients?
Don Kimble: Very well. I’ll try to hit all those topics and if I've missed some, please help provide some more guidance.
Saul Martinez: There a few questions in that, I…
Don Kimble: That’s great. And on the consumer front, as we were going through rates moving up, consumer portfolio lagged and lagged significantly, and the deposit betas, they were extremely low. And so it may have been false hope or expectations on my part to see a faster reduction as far as the initial reaction on some of the consumer rates. But we do think they will come down over time and we will see the market to move down. And I think we're seeing that this quarter with a lot of the banks showing pressure as far as deposit rates and very few having deposit betas on the way down that probably would've been expected or anticipated. So we believe we will see that come true. As we mentioned before, at the end of September, we were seeing some of the rates come down and seeing some of the actions put in place. It probably just curdled a little slower than what we would’ve expected. On the commercial side, the commercial deposits as a general have more deposits that are indexed to the changes in interest rates. So for us, that tends to be more indexed to Fed funds as opposed to LIBOR. And this quarter, LIBOR impacted the loans and it was a much bigger decline than what the Fed funds rate declines occurred and therefore impacted our cost of funds, and so as those things stabilized, we should see even further reductions on the commercial side. One of the things we try to manage all as it they were flushed with the liquidity right now. We’ve had an internal target of having an LCR ratio somewhere around 110%. This last quarter, we need up north of 145%, and so we have a lot of excess liquidity, and we would hope to try to manage that and manage some of the rates down more in a leading position that would allow us to recapture some of that deposit beta that we missed out here in the third quarter.
Saul Martinez: Got it. Do you feel pretty good about the 10 basis points then in the coming quarter?
Don Kimble: We feel good about the actions we're taking, and we feel good about achieving that in the fourth quarter. Correct.
Saul Martinez: Just to switch of gears, can you remind us how much Laurel Road contributed to the cost base? I want to say it was $30 million run rate, but is that right? And has there been any impact on revenue thus far?
Don Kimble: What we talked about as far as the acquisition was about a $20 million per quarter run rate as far as expenses. And the current expense levels are just a little bit less than that because of some of the efficiencies we’ve already been able to achieve with the integration there. We haven’t disclosed revenues per se, but I would say we're off to a very strong start. That third quarter, we had over $400 million of originations and - excuse me, in the second quarter, we had over $400 million and third quarter, we had over $500 million of originations. And to put that into perspective, we just talked about $1.2 billion would be in our target for a full year's worth of originations. And so in those first two quarters we had over $900 million and so we're off to a very good start there, very pleased with the credit quality of the originations. FICO scores north of 770 and a strong income and very focused on advanced degree medical profession. And so we’re very excited about that and look forward to be a strong growth engine for us. One of other pieces we talked about for Laurel Road though too is it that some of the tools and capabilities and the ability to understand how to digitally originate new business and relationships is something that we're really just now starting to lever throughout the entire Key franchise. And we think that will be a huge benefit for us that we haven't even started to realize yet at this point.
Saul Martinez: Got it. And just one final one, just a clarification. The pension charge in the fourth quarter that is not built into the guidance that's a non-core item?
Don Kimble: We could characterize that as a notable item each quarter. And so that's correct.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Just wanted to make sure. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Marlin Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please go ahead.
Marlin Mosby: Thanks. Wanted to ask you a little bit about credit in a backward way, you had $123 million charge-off relating to this one loan. Does that represent the lumpiness in the portfolio because that took a charge-off from 30 basis points all the way up to 80? So you go from below your range to above your range with one loan. So is that just a reflection of the exposure you have because of the commercial focus like you were saying earlier in the loan portfolio?
Don Kimble: Marty as far as the $123 million, it was a fraud loss, and as we noted briefly that the fraud loss came through because of the fraud resulted in a net overdraft position of several of the operating accounts from this entity. And as a result of those being considered overdraft the reporting requirements would say that that should be treated as a charge-off, and so we really consider this to be a true fraud loss and not reflective of a lending relationship. There were no loans outstanding to that entity that resulted in this fraud.
Marlin Mosby: Got you. Thanks. And then, Beth, wanted to congratulate you. I mean you’ve evolved KeyCorp into I think a much better company over your tenure coming out of financial crisis and now - Chris can now take on and continue to build from here. I wanted just to – not to be too personal but when you think about your decision in a sense of retiring and not maybe just becoming Chairman and our chairperson and going through that process. How did you think and what's kind of weighing why now for you individually, because I think that was a question I heard a lot from investors because I kind of get caught off guard from here. And as you think about the strategic decisioning around moving on, it’s hard for a person to a new role to do that. And to think about what's the exit strategy for the overall company long term. So if you can just kind of address those two issues that’d be very helpful I think for folks to just have a better feel for why this is happening right now.
Beth Mooney: So, Marty I’d be delighted to. As I said, I think there is a lot of value and thinking as much about when and how is the right time to build succession and step down from a role like CEO and Chairman, as there is in the energy you put into it when you first get the opportunity. And I believe that with nine years in Chair, as our CEO, as of May 1st, if you recall I've been a two-term President. And I will be 65 years old next year and I believe that remaining our Chairman and CEO till May 1st is the appropriate thing to do. Chris and I, as he has indicated and I've said earlier are very much working on a seamless transition and we've obviously worked together for many, many years. The team is solid, mature, well seasoned. The company has a lot of good momentum and this is the appropriate time for the company, the appropriate time for me and there’s always chapters to write. And I look forward to the things that I can do civically in my continued professional commitments as well as having a little more time for family, friends and travel. And after May 1st, again from a thorough discussions with our board as we went through this succession process planning, believe the appropriate thing to do is that Chris will become our Chairman and CEO and that was done with much consideration with our board about what is the right leadership structure for Key, and yes, I will fully retire as of May 1st.
Marlin Mosby: Well, best of luck and congratulations on a job well done.
Beth Mooney: Well, Marty I appreciate that. As I had said in my opening remarks, this has been a absolute privilege of my career. And I appreciate your comments that I think the ultimate test as you leave it better than perhaps you found it.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Foran with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Brian Foran: Hi, good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Brian Foran: Maybe just on CECL I hear you that the overall impact day one it's not that huge. But this is – just the 3x on consumer and as you’re growing consumer into next year like $1 billion a quarter. Do we have to start thinking about like even though the cash flows haven't changed and the underlying performance hasn't changed just building in like a $20 million reserve for growth type placeholder you know just from the concept of running with a much higher reserve to loan on your consumers and every time you put a loan on the books you got to fully upfront that reserve built day one.
Beth Mooney: You’re absolutely right as far as going forward the new volume coming on the books will clearly have a higher reserve than we did historically under the over incurred loss method. And we’ll provide more clarity on that as we get into the first quarter outlook at the end of our fourth quarter call. I don't know I'd - can hold a $20 million placeholder yet but that will provide some more color. But you're absolutely right. The initial provision required for a new loan origination is higher under CECL for consumers than it is under the incurred loss method.
Brian Foran: Got it. And then on the efficiency, I mean, I almost hate to ask this but as long as I've been doing this I continuously screw up cash versus GAAP efficiency. Does – is the so it was 160 basis points difference this quarter is that like a stable relationship and so for those of us who have put a GAAP efficiency in our model, the 54 to 56 plus 160 bps is a good benchmark for what you're thinking on a GAAP basis?
Don Kimble: Well, essentially the difference between the cash efficiency and the GAAP is the impact of intangible amortization. And so, going for the intangible amortization should continue to decline and so that gap should narrow.
Brian Foran: Got it. So maybe more like 100 to 150 next year.
Don Kimble: Yes.
Brian Foran: Perfect. Well, thank you all and congratulations both Beth and Chris.
Beth Mooney: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Next we'll go to Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette, Woods. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Good morning, everyone. 
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good Morning.
Brian Klock: And again, I guess, congratulations to everyone and Beth, best of luck to you on your future endeavors.
Beth Mooney: Thank you very much. I'm looking forward to.
Brian Klock: All right. And just a real quick follow up for you Don. I know you talked about a lot of the active hedging you guys have put in place and you got some more forward starting swaps kicking in here, later this quarter into the first quarter. So the expectation at the NIM could still compress here in the fourth quarter before being stable? I guess into 2020 or do you think there's more stability here into the fourth quarter from the hedging that you guys have put into place.
Don Kimble: We will see a clear benefit from the hedging occur in the fourth quarter. Our outlook is for a stable net interest margin and so we would expect that to occur that - I think, that a good portion of that is from the deposit repricing and the benefit of the hedging, but we'll also see a little bit of benefit in that. Our look says that we'll have low single-digit growth in loans and relatively stable deposits. And so, we should see that liquidity level in the fourth quarter come down just a little bit, which will also provide some reinforcement there as well.
Brian Klock: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go to Scott Siefers with Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Hey, guys. I just wanted to ask on the fees for the third quarter, you had the 15 million in securities gains which is a little unusual for KeyCorp. Is that something - like, are you going to have additional securities gains going forward or as we think about. And, I guess, the genesis of the question is, as we think about the fourth quarter guide, that's off the reported $650 million base, right? So maybe you could talk a little bit more about sort of the puts and takes on fee momentum into the fourth quarter. Sound like the investment banking pipeline is solid, which should be helpful, of course, but maybe some of the other things that would drive growth off that base as well.
Don Kimble: Scott, we didn’t have any security gains during the quarter. We did have a gain from the sale of some - an investment in a partnership we participated in, but I'm - I apologize, I don’t know where you're picking up the $15 million in security gains with all that.
Scott Siefers: I’m sorry, it's just in the footnote on the slide 17.
Don Kimble: Okay.
Scott Siefers: Three and nine months totaled $15 million. We can talk about that offline.
Don Kimble: Good. We’ll go through that, I apologize. But that probably includes the gain there along with the gain on the securitization transaction we had from the sale of some of the Laurel Road loans but we'll follow up with you on that as well.
Scott Siefers: Okay. PERFECT. Okay. So either way, though, the guide is indeed off that $650 million base, right?
Don Kimble: I would say that the $650 million is core and our guidance would be based or included to that, there from the reference for the $650 million, so we expect to see growth from there going forward.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Good.
Don Kimble: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Siefers: That sounds…
Operator: And with no further questions, I'll turn it back to the company for any closing comments.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. And if you have any follow up questions you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks and thank you again for your time this morning,
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the KeyCorp’s Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Beth Mooney. Please go ahead.
Beth Mooney : Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to Key Corp's second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Joining me for the call is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Gorman, President of banking and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer.  Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question and answer segment of our call.  I am now moving to Slide 3. This morning, we reported earnings per common share of $0.40, which included $0.04 of notable items consisting primarily of efficiency related expenses. Adjusting for notable items, our results were $0.44 per share, the same as the year ago period and up 10% from our first quarter results. To provide a consistent view of our financial trends and prior periods comparisons, my remarks this morning will focus on the adjusted numbers, which exclude notable items in all periods.  Our results this quarter highlights the momentum we continue to see across our company and highlight for the quarter included solid revenue trends, reflecting balance sheet growth and momentum in our fee based businesses; focused expense management, including the realization of substantially all of our $200 million in cost savings by the end of the quarter. Continued strong credit quality with net charge offs well below our over the cycle range and disciplined capital management, which includes returning a significant amount of our net income to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.  Turning to the balance sheet, we saw continued growth in both loans and deposits. Loan growth continues to be driven by commercial and industrial loans with average balances of 5% from the year ago period and 3% from the first quarter. Our growth is broad based and focused on high quality credits. Our outlook remains positive as client sentiment remains constructive and our pipelines continue to be strong.  We also benefited from growth on the consumer side, including our residential mortgage business, which generated $1 billion of loan originations in the second quarter, 60% of which we held on our balance sheet. This has doubled the volume from the prior quarter and last year and resulted in a 6% year-over-year increase in residential mortgage loans. Also adding to our consumer loan growth was Laurel Road, with over $400 million in loan originations in the second quarter. We remain very excited about our Laurel Road acquisition, which bolsters our digital capabilities and the production from Laurel Road has exceeded our initial expectations. In total, our direct consumer loans were up 33% year-over-year. Average deposits from both commercial and consumer clients grew 5% from the year ago period. Our growth reflects the success of our business model and focus on relationship clients. Noninterest income this quarter adjusted for notable items reflected broad based momentum. In our first quarter call we guided to a linked quarter double digit increase in fees driven by stronger investment banking in debt placement and adjusting for notable items noninterest income was up $86 million or 16% compared with the first quarter. And we reached a record second quarter level of investment banking and debt placement fees, which were up $53 million or 48% from the prior quarter.  Our pipelines remain strong and client engagement is high, which should position as well for the remainder of the year. We also saw linked quarter double digit increases in areas where we have been investing, including cards and payments and our residential mortgage business. Expenses were also a positive story this quarter, reflecting our success in achieving our cost saving targets and positioning the company to reach its targeted cash efficiency ratio of 54% to 56% in the second half of the year, and strong expense management will continue to be a priority.  Moving to credit quality, we had another very strong quarter with stable credit metrics, and a net charge off ratio of 29 basis points well below our over the cycle range. We remain committed to disciplined underwriting and maintaining our moderate risk profile. The final item on the slide is capital where we have remained focused on maintaining our strong position while returning a large portion of our earnings to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. And just last week, our board of directors approved a 9% increase in our common share dividends to $0.185 beginning in the third quarter of this year.  Before I turn the call over to Don, let me comment on the disclosure that we made last week concerning fraudulent activity by one of our long standing business clients. Since this is part of an ongoing investigation, we're limited in what we can say, but we are pursuing all available sources to mitigate the potential loss that could be up to $90 million net of taxes. The potential loss will be recognized as a third quarter event. Importantly, I want to underscore that we believe this is an isolated occurrence. This was a fraud perpetrated by a single long standing business customer and we will provide appropriate updates in our public filings.  Now, I will shift back to today's news and conclude my remarks by restating that it was a good quarter with broad based growth across our franchise. We added and grew relationships, driving growth in both our consumer and commercial businesses. We grew loans including 5% year-over-year growth in C&I and experienced growth in consumer loans from residential mortgage and Laurel Road. We grew fees with a record second quarter for investment banking and debt placement fees.  We managed expenses, reaching our $200 million cost savings target, which keeps us on a path to reach our targeted cash efficiency ratio in the second half of this year. We maintain credit quality underpinned by our disciplined loan underwriting. And we continue to return capital to our shareholders, including a 9% increase in our common shared dividend approved last week by our board of directors. And finally, we remain committed to achieving our long-term targets and to continue delivering value for our shareholders.  With that, I will close and turn the call over to Don. 
Don Kimble: Thanks, Beth. I'm now on Slide 5. As mentioned earlier, we reported second quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.40 per common share. Adjusting for notable items earnings per share was $0.44. Our adjusted results compared to $0.44 per share in the year ago period and $0.40 in the first quarter of 2019.  Notable items for the quarter totaled $52 million, including 32 million of personnel largely severance, as well 17 million of real estate expenses, both related to our efficiency initiatives. Notable items also included 2 million of onetime charges related to the closing of our Laurel Road acquisition in April. As Beth mentioned, we achieved our $200 million cost savings target, with the full amount expected to be in the run rate next quarter. Importantly, we also remain committed to reaching our 54% to 56% cash efficiency ratio target in the second half of this year. I will cover many of the remaining items on this slide in the rest of my presentation.  So now I'm turning to Slide 6. Our business model continues to position us well to grow relationships and loan balances. Total average loans were $91 billion, up 2% from the second quarter of last year, driven by growth in commercial and industrial loans, which were up 5%.  Linked quarter growth and average balances was also driven primarily by commercial and industrial loans up 3%. Our growth continues to be broad based across our footprint, as well as through our targeted industry verticals. C&I growth was partially offset by a decline in commercial real estate balances due to elevated pay downs.  Importantly, this quarter, we saw strong growth on our consumer side as well. Laurel Road and investments in our residential mortgage business contributed to our growth this quarter, and we expect to continue to benefit from both moving forward. For Laurel Road, we originated over $400 million of loans this quarter.  For the residential mortgage production, we originated over a $1 billion of loans in the second quarter, double the volume from a year ago and from last quarter. Of this production approximately 60% was retained on balance sheet. We expect to continue to grow loan balances consistent with the top end of our 2019 full year guidance as we support our relationship clients.  The tone and sentiment with our clients remain positive and our pipelines are solid. That said we remain committed to our moderate risk profile; we will continue to walk away from business that does not meet our risk parameters.  Continued on Slide 7, average deposits totaled $110 billion for the second quarter of 2019 up $5.6 billion or 5% compared to the year ago period and up 2% from the prior quarter. Growth from the prior year was driven by both consumer and commercial clients. On a linked quarter basis, the increase in deposit balances is also driven by both consumer and commercial clients, as well as elevated levels of short-term deposits from certain commercial customers.  The cost of our total deposits was up to six basis points from the first quarter, reflecting the continued migration of our portfolio into higher yielding products. As expected, our deposit data increased from the first quarter bringing our cumulative data to 38%. We continue to have a strong stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for 66% of our total deposit mix. Turning to Slide 8, taxable equivalent net interest income was $989 million for the second quarter of 2019 and net interest margin was 3.06%. These results compared to a taxable equivalent net interest income of 987 million and a net interest margin 3.19% for the second quarter of 2018 and $985 million and 3.13% in the first quarter.  The increase in net interest income from the second quarter of 2018 and was driven by earning asset growth and the benefit from higher interest rates, partially offsetting this with a lower net interest margin driven by higher interest bearing deposit costs, lower loan fees and $11 million decline in purchase accounting accretion.  Net interest income increased $4 million or 0.4% from the prior quarter driven by higher earning asset balances and one additional day in the quarter. These benefits were partially offset by a decline in net interest margin given by higher interest bearing deposit cost, elevated levels of liquidity as well as the decline in purchase accounting accretion.  Going forward, we expect our net interest margin to remain relatively stable and net interest income to grow consistent with the guidance we have provided. In the appendix of our slide deck you can find additional information on our asset liability positioning, with continue to actively reduce our exposure to declining rates executing approximately $3 billion in interest rate swaps and floors in the second quarter.  This was a move that we began back in the third quarter of last year entering to a total swaps and fours of $15 billion during this time. Today our net interest income impact for 100 basis points parallel increase or decrease from current levels is less than 1%.  Moving on to Slide 9, Key's noninterest income was $622 million from the second quarter 2019 compared to 660 million for the year ago quarter. The year ago, quarter included notable items with a net impact of $36 million, including a gain from a sale of Key insurance and benefits services and a least residual loss. Excluding these items total fee income was down $2 million year-over-year.  The change from the year ago period reflects continued momentum in core fee based businesses resulting from ongoing investments including growth in our investment banking, debt placement fees, as well as positive trends in our mortgage business. Offsetting this growth was a year-over-year reduction in trust and investment services income related to the sale of Key insurance and benefits services and a $6 million impact from the revenue classification changes mid 2018 on deposit service charges.  Compared to the prior quarter, noninterest income was up $86 million or 16%. This change was largely related to a rebound in investment banking debt placement fees, which increased $53 million to a record second quarter level. We continue to see momentum in other fee based businesses as well as including a $7 million increase in both cards and payments related income and trust and investment services income from the first quarter.  Turning to Slide 10, expense management has remained an area focus for us. As we mentioned, at the end of the second quarter, we have implemented substantially all of our expense initiatives tied to our $200 million continuous improvement target, which we expect to be fully reflected in our run rate next quarter.  Second quarter noninterest expense was just over $1 billion or 967 million excluding the $52 million of efficiency related expenses. This compares the $966 million in the second quarter of 2018 and 937 million in the prior quarter, both excluding notable items. The table on the bottom left side of the slide breaks out our detail of the notable items.  Expenses are relatively flat compared to the year ago period, again excluding notable items. The year-over-year comparison reflects our Laurel Road acquisition in April 2019, as well as the successful implementation of the company's expense initiatives.  Compared to the prior quarter noninterest expense increased $30 million excluding notable items, the increase reflects the impact of the Laurel Road acquisition as well as our higher variable costs related to increase in the capital markets activity. Marketing expenses were also seasonally higher in the second quarter while employee benefits costs were seasonally lower.  Moving to Slide 11, our credit quality remains strong and we continue to be consistent and disciplined in our underwriting. Net charge offs were $65 million or 29 basis points of average total loans in the second quarter, which continues to be below our over the cycle range of 40 to 60 basis points.  The provision for credit losses was $74 million for the quarter, reflecting ongoing loan growth. Nonperforming loans were 561 million this quarter and represent 61 basis points of period-end loans consistent with the prior quarter. Turning to Slide 12, capital also remains a strength of our company, with an estimated common equity Tier 1 ratio at the end of the second quarter of 9.6%. As Beth mentioned earlier, we have remained true to our capital priorities, including returning a significant amount to our shareholders. In the second quarter, we declared a common dividend of $0.17 per share. We also continue to repurchase common shares with $180 million repurchase this quarter.  We also announced our 2019 capital plan in April. This was for the third quarter of 2019 through the second quarter 2020. The plan includes a 9% increase in our common stock dividend to $0.185 per share in the third quarter, which was approved last week by our board of directors. We also plan to repurchase up to $1 billion in common shares over the four quarter period.  Our strong capital position supports our organic growth along with our planned capital action.  On Slide13, we provided our outlook for 2019. Our guidance excludes the impact of the fraud loss that was disclosed in Form 8-K filing on July 16. Excluding this singular occurrence our outlook has not changed from what we provided earlier this year. This reflects our performance through the first six months and expectations for the remainder of the year. We continue to expect another year of strong positive operating leverage with improved efficiency.  Average loans should be in the range of $90 billion to $91 billion, once again driven by our commercial businesses, but also benefiting from growth and our consumer lines including Laurel Road and residential mortgage. With the contribution from mortgage origination and Laurel Road, we would expect to be toward the higher end of our guidance range.  Average deposits should remain relatively stable as our continued to account growth will offset by declines in temporary deposit balances reaching the $108 billion to $109 billion range. Despite a more challenging interest rate environment and assuming one more 25 basis point rate cut, we still expect net interest income to be in the range of $4 billion to $4.1 billion. As a result of the projected rate decrease and the shape of the yield curve, we would expect to be at the lower end of this range. The leverage for this quarter and noninterest income keeps us on a path to reach our full year range of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion. We expect growth in most of our fee based businesses including investment banking and debt placement fees. Our current outlook would place us toward the lower side of our guidance range.  Although we may operate at the lower end of a revenue range, we also believe that we're likely to outperform on expenses. We have achieved our $200 million cost savings target and we continue to identify opportunities for further expense reductions. At this point, we have not changed our expense outlook of $3.85 billion to $3.95 billion, but based on the first half results, the completion of our expense initiatives and our focus on continuous improvement, we believe that we can come in at or slightly below the lower end of the range.  And we also expect to reach our targeted cash efficiency ratio of 54% to 56% in the second half of the year. On credit quality, we see nothing on the horizon that changes our outlook with net charge offs and provision expense remaining below our over the cycle range of 40 to 60 basis points. Our loan loss provision should slightly exceed net charge offs to provide for loan growth.  And our guidance for our GAAP tax rate remains in the range of 18% and 19% with some opportunity to come in at or slightly below our range. Overall, we expect 2019 to be another good year for Key, building on the momentum across our businesses with discipline expense management, a clear focus on risk and strong returns.  On the bottom of the slide are our long-term targets, and remain confident in our ability to achieve these targets. Continue to move toward the top tier of our peer group. And over time, I believe our market valuation will reflect our progress and improved results.  I'll now turn the call back over to the operator with instructions for the Q&A portion of the call. Operator? 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers from Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question.
Beth Mooney: Good Morning.
Scott Siefers: Don, I was hoping you could walk through and with a little finer points the thought on the margin. I think you said in your prepared remarks that the margin overall should hold stable, I know you had those little liquidity build in the 2Q and I think that tends to be a seasonal issue that comes out in the 3Q, so presumably that helps. But guess I'm just curious regarding the puts and takes as you see them and then when you made those comments are you talking the core margin or the reported. Maybe if you can sort of bisect that as well, please. 
Don Kimble: Sure, and Scott as your highlight, we did have some seasonal trends in the deposits, especially the cost, some of the pressure on liquidity. And so, in the second quarter, our margin came down by three basis points from liquidity not any impact on net interest income, but that did have an impact on the overall margin. We also saw a reduction that wasn't expected as far as our purchase accounting accretion. Last quarter – first quarter, we're at $22 million, second quarter, we came in at $17 million, we would expect that to be relatively stable with maybe a slight decline from here, but not having the kind of pressure that we saw this past quarter. Going forward, we would expect margin on a reported basis to be relatively stable. And so, to your point, we should see some of that liquidity come back in over time. And that could help offset some of the pressure associated with the most recent our expected and 25 basis point rate decline. And so, we think that positions us to have more stability in that margin prospectively. 
Scott Siefers: Okay, that's perfect. I appreciate that. And then just one sort of – to keep that question just on the accounting for the fraud. Just what is the reason that that becomes a 3Q event? Is that just because of the difficulty in estimating the potential loss now or were the books from an accounting standpoint closed at the time of disclosure, just curious about that dynamic? 
Don Kimble: On that point, the events that resulted in the fraud actually took place here in the third quarter. And that's why the timing of the loss is recognized in the third quarter as opposed to the second quarter. 
Scott Siefers: Yeah. Okay. So, I guess nothing more than that. All right, that's perfect. Thank you, guys, very much. I appreciate it. 
Don Kimble: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Ken Zerbe: Great, thanks. Good morning. 
Don Kimble: Good morning. 
Ken Zerbe: I guess first is I have a silly or simple question. You're building at one rate cut into your guidance, how does your NII guidance change if we actually get a cut both in July and in September? 
Don Kimble: If we would get an additional rate decrease of additional 25 basis points, we think near term that would have a negative impact of about two to three basis points. And essentially what causes that is, is that our deposit pricing lags a little bit as far as the current market and so we would see a little bit of a near term negative impact from that. 
Ken Zerbe: Got you and are you building in the July cut or September cut?
Don Kimble: We are building in the July cut.
Ken Zerbe: Got you, okay. Understood and then just as a follow up question, in terms of Laurel Road, obviously good growth from them this quarter. I guess, when you think about the longer term growth maybe the next year or two years, like what kind of pace of growth are you comfortable putting on to your balance sheet from Laurel Road? 
Don Kimble: Well, we're very pleased with the credit quality of the originations. We love the customer base that we're approaching with Laurel Road. And as far as just this product, I don't know that we're going to see tremendous growth from that, but we think there's a lot of additional opportunities for expanding the relationships with these customers, whether it's residential mortgage or savings products or other potential relationship building services that we can provide for that customer base. So, we do expect to see nice growth there, but maybe not at the same pace on the student loan consolidation product.
Ken Zerbe: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, everybody. 
Don Kimble: Good morning, Steven.
Beth Mooney: Good morning. 
Steven Alexopoulos: It's like I'll start on the fee income. So year-to-date you reported 1.2 billion. And if we just look to get to the low end of the guided range, I think you need to do somewhere around 670 million per quarter. And I don't think you've ever done that a single quarter. Can you walk us through what gives you confidence to – I know you said to be the low end, low end of the range, but even to maintain the range? 
Don Kimble: Sure, that I think your math is right there, Steve. So, what I would offer up is that, first of all, we take a look at our investment banking, debt placement fees, and we compare what we reported in the second quarter of last year to the run rate for the second half of last year. It's an increase of $42 million. And we believe that our pipelines are strong and activity levels support, seeing that same type of continued growth from here. In addition to that $42 million increase we would see seasonal increases in a number of key categories, including COLI, which we believe adds about $20 million to the second half of the year compared to what we saw in the second quarter. And then we also have about $30 million of other growth. And I would say that growth is coming from areas we might not have seen as much in the past. But we talked about our mortgage production this quarter. And that's the first time we really see that come through. And we were originated over $1 billion in the second quarter, our application volumes, and our pipelines are even stronger going into the third quarter than they were the second quarter. And so, we think we're positioned there. We also think there's other categories where we're seeing a lot of growth. And so, if you would assume about $30 million for additional growth, the $20 million for seasonal increases and roughly the $40 million plus for the IBND revenues, we believe that we'll be at that 95 kind of million range that you're talking about to further needed to achieve that kind of growth for the second half. 
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, that's helpful Don. And then the follow up in your response to Ken's question about the NIM going down two to three basis points, if you get that additional cut, is that about the math of what you would expect per 25 basis point cut two to three? 
Don Kimble: Well, initially, we would and so for example, on our average rates paid on deposits, the first quarter after that rate decrease, we think that deposit rates will go down by about five basis points in that second quarter. That cumulative reduction would be about 10 basis points. And so that's how that two to three basis points initial hit will go away over time. 
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, thank you. Then just finally, for Beth, once we get into the 54% to 56% cash efficiency ratio, where do you go from there? Still stay in the range, do we improve further, how do you think about that? 
Beth Mooney: Obviously, with our fourth quarter call in January, we will update our thoughts for the coming year. And so, I think some piece of that will be predicated on the expectation for the macro environment. But I do know that you hear us talk with a degree of relative confidence about our targeted business strategies and our commitment to continuous improvement. And we have a diversified business model. So, we continue to see the ability to drive our performance in the future. But what that looks like is the southern substance of our fourth quarter call. 
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, fair enough. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari from Evercore. Please go ahead. 
John Pancari: Good morning. 
Don Kimble: Good morning. 
Beth Mooney: Good morning. 
John Pancari: Related to Steve's question there on efficiency, I guess the other way I'd like to ask is just is – if you could talk about the leverage you would have on the expense side if the revenue outlook gets more challenging if we are looking at for example, another cut in addition to the one cut that you modeled. If we get another cut this year, could you talk about the impact on your efficiency ratio expectation and then what the levers are to dig deeper on expenses. Thanks. 
Don Kimble: Great and in our comments, we did allude to that we've already achieved the $200 million, but we still have other efforts and steps and identified and we're executing against for further continuous improvement. And so, we are very committed to delivering that 54% to 56% range. And so, we believe that that will help provide some support for that. So, it's critical that we continue to manage that we're always going to be focused on further continuous improvement efforts to manage that efficiency ratio down and generate positive operating leverage. I think one thing else that's unique for us compared to many of our peers too is the steps we did take as far as managing our overall asset liability position. And as we noted in our comments that we've added a $15 billion worth of swaps and floors to help protect against that downward rate pressure and that did cost us some margin over the last few quarters, but we think that it was prudent for us to be able to manage to that level, especially given the current outlook that we see for interest rates. 
John Pancari: Okay, got it. All right and then separately, I know you can't speak much about the fraud specifically. But as the investigation continues and even though it's an isolated thing, is there any risk that there is an increased focus around your risk controls and the expenses related to that as a result of this? Thanks. 
Don Kimble: Well, sure. And maybe I'll take up more of a comprehensive look at this issue, because I'm sure people have lots of questions about this. But as we did note in our Form 8-K that we are limited as what we can disclose given our current investigation and litigation that's in process. So just let me share a few things that we are able to say at this point. So earlier this month, we discovered fraudulent activity by a long standing business client. We believe that this was an isolated incident involving a single business relationship. We are pursuing all available sources of recovery and means of mitigating the potential loss, which could be as high as $90 million net of taxes. We're conducting a comprehensive assessment of all procedures and related controls and we've reported the incident to law enforcement. The potential loss will be recognized as a third quarter event. And importantly this is not a cyber event or a data breach and we do not believe this to impact our capital plans, which would include both dividends and share repurchases. We also do not believe that this will materially impact core expenses going forward and we remain on track to achieve our cash efficiency ratio target in the second half of this year. And due to the ongoing nature of the investigation and litigation we'll not be able to further comment at this point and we'll provide appropriate updates in public firing filings in the future.
John Pancari: Got it. Alright, thanks Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Winter from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. 
Peter Winter: Good morning. 
Don Kimble: Good morning. 
Peter Winter: You guys had very good momentum on the loan side. And I'm just wondering if that continues, it does seem like you could come in above the high end of your range for average loan growth.
Don Kimble: Yeah, Peter, we were very pleased with our production, especially on the consumer side this quarter. Our commercial has always been a core strength for us and we're seeing that momentum maintained, but that we've been talking for the last couple of years about what we're doing from a residential mortgage perspective and this was the first quarter I can really say that we're starting to achieve that and that $1 billion of production and 60% of that going on balance sheet will clearly help our long growth from that side. Laurel Road over $400 million for this quarter as far as originations and that's also another strength for us. And so, if we just continue to grow loans, like we did in the second quarter, and I think that our ending balance in our pipelines would suggest that we'd be growing average loans each quarter by about $1 billion, which will put us slightly above that $91 billion top end of our guidance range. And so, I think that you're on track there as far as what we're seeing for potential dynamics in that that category. 
Peter Winter: Okay. And if I could just ask one, just housekeeping item, within the fee income, operating lease income and gains was a little bit elevated relative to the run rate, I think the last four quarters. Just wondering if there was anything unusual or this is a new run rate for you guys. 
Don Kimble: Yeah, we had a small gain in the quarter and interesting enough that we actually had some losses on residual value. The declines will actually go through provision expense in the current quarter and so the two of those, essentially net each other out, and that could be just a little high for the operating lease income.
Peter Winter: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Matt O’Connor: Good morning. 
Don Kimble: Good morning. 
Beth Mooney: Hi.
Matt O’Connor: How much of the 200 million of savings was in the second quarter run rate? 
Don Kimble: What we've said is we were there at the end of the quarter, I would say that a number of the expense programs really had a launch date of around June 30. And so, we still have upwards of about $20 million in run right going into the third quarter for future savings. 
Matt O’Connor: Okay, and then I guess what else is driving the cost down as we think about, going from 2Q to 3Q that's 20. There are some other things like I know, seasonality tends to be kind of some puts and takes there. 
Don Kimble: The biggest variable Matt for expenses beyond that really is the capital markets related revenue. And then as we've shown before, there is a direct connection between the incentive associated with that and the revenues. But we also highlighted that we have other efforts in slide as far as continuous improvement. So even though we've achieved our 200, we're not done yet. 
Matt O’Connor: Okay, and then any additional repositioning or efficiency charges do you expect in the second half and beyond? 
Don Kimble: Our guidance would incorporate those charges. We don't think there was the material going forward.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. Alright, perfect. Thank you. 
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Saul Martinez: Hey, good morning. Just I don't know if you mentioned this, maybe I missed it. But how much did Laurel Road contribute to your expense base and not the one off items, which is the overall level of expenses this quarter? 
Don Kimble: Yeah, this quarter, we had reported the Laurel Road expenses of $22 million. And as we noted, there is some in that notable items as far as the deal related expenses. 
Saul Martinez: Right, but in terms of the core expenses, it was – I think the one time item was to 2 million if I'm not mistaken. 
Don Kimble: That's correct. So, the core was a little less than 20, but in that range. 
Saul Martinez: Okay, any material revenue contribution yet from Laurel Road? 
Don Kimble: The revenue contribution really so far has been in that loan growth and so we originated over $400 million. So, it will be building over time. And so that's – really didn't have a dramatic impact of the second quarter, but that will be building that annuity stream over time. 
Saul Martinez: Got it and in that 400 million, I think you mentioned that you retained 60%, if I'm not mistaken of that plus some residential mortgages, but how much of the 400 million did you retain? 
Don Kimble: We've retained 100% of the Laurel Road originations. That 60% was for the residential real estate originations we had. Now, what we do have in the second quarter though is we have transferred about $250 million of the Laurel Road production into a held for sale and then we're in the process of working through a securitization transaction on those assets, just to make sure that we stay current on the markets and see potential equity avenues for us going forward. 
Saul Martinez: Right, but your intention going forward is to retain the vast majority of that. 
Don Kimble: That's correct. 
Saul Martinez: And what are the terms on those? Can you just give us a sense of what kind of yield – just to get a sense of what kind of interest income pick up we could expect if you maintain something close to this level of origination? 
Don Kimble: Yeah, as we ended up the second quarter, we were talking about yields of around 5% that the long end of the curve has moved down by about 50 basis points. So, we're probably in the 450 to 460 range as far as current yields and so it's more that spread. Average life on those loans tend to be around for years and again very strong FICO scores and very low loss content based on the consumers that we're working with.
Saul Martinez: Got it that's helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby from Vining Sparks. Please go ahead. 
Marty Mosby: Thanks. 
Don Kimble: Good morning. 
Beth Mooney: Good morning, 
Marty Mosby: Hey, good morning. I want to drill into this NII because if you look at your margin, the core margin actually peaked out around 310 if we exclude PAA. It started at around 285. And now we're down to almost 3%. So how much – because you mentioned earlier the cost of the hedges that actually limit your downside, how much of the cost is related to what's going on from the 310 to the 3% to lock in as close to 3% as you can as you move forward. So, in this particular quarter is there close to 10 basis points of costs related to these hedges? 
Don Kimble: No, a couple things on there, Marty. One is that the loan fees are down significantly. In this quarter we're expecting to see a slight recovery there and we actually saw loan fees come down. And so, compared to that peak period, our loan fees are costing us about three basis points on the margin. If you look at the net cost from our swaps in the second quarter, it was around eight or nine basis points that's down from 11 basis points in the first quarter, but there clearly has been a cost there and that's about five or six basis points of additional costs compared to that peak period that you would have talked about as well. And so those both have had a negative impact on margin and we're continuing to hopefully see the benefits from positioning for more of a neutral asset position prospectively. But there was a cost for us to initially establish that. On the loan fee front, what we're seeing there is that just refinance activity has been much slower. And especially in some of the syndicated loan products, we're seeing that across the board as far as being down year-over-year and we would expect to see that start to pick up again once we see the refinancing start to pick up again on that category. 
Marty Mosby: So, what I wanted to emphasize, folks are seeing some of this compression in margin this quarter. A significant amount of that is also just related to putting on insurance that then limits the downside. So, if we're looking at the 3% and then the lower, the cycle last time was 285. That restructuring gives you how much confidence in a sense of where do you land in the worst case scenario, we get back to zero interest rates, like we did before, somewhere between three and 285. But are we to the upper end of that range or lower end of that range once it's all said and done? 
Don Kimble: I wish I could predict that accurately. I think one of the things that we've continued to be surprised is that as we position our asset liability in a way that we think is neutral, but the yield curve can take plenty changes and movement. If you look at the longer end of the curve, we're probably done 75 to 80 basis points over last 90 days, whereas the short end of the curve is now just coming down 25 basis points we expect later this month. But we think that we are better positioned than our peers, and we've been very deliberate in that approach and looking to make sure that we can maintain as much stability in that margin prospectively as we can. 
Marty Mosby: And then just lastly, what's the timing of the share repurchase activities that even over the next four quarters or any front loading to get more into this year? 
Don Kimble: I would say that there's a couple of quarters where that might be a little outside, but I would generally assume fairly consistent throughout the time period that there are some quarters where we have employee issuance for different compensation programs were, we're able to buy back more, but generally pretty consistent throughout the four quarters.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. 
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Don, couple just for yield follow ups, can you talk about this quarter, you mentioned in the deck that you had 50 basis points still positive roll over on the securities portfolio? Where do you see that heading given the right environment going forward? 
Don Kimble: Yeah, you're right in the first quarter, we had 105 basis points, so this last quarter it was 50 and it went – we're probably closer to the 20 to 30 basis point range today. So, we still have a fairly low yield on our investment portfolio. So there still is pick up there. But it's a less than today's markets than what we would have seen last quarter. 
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then what are the yields that you're putting on Laurel Road loans at? And how does that compare to the average yield of the loan book? 
Don Kimble: Yeah, when we started this – the end of the first quarter, we were seeing a yield of about 5% I would say. Today we're down closer to the 450 to 460 range, because the yield curve has moved down by that much. And so really, it's focused on that kind of spread. And so, compared to that category, I think it's fairly neutral. But compared to the overall loan yields, I think it should be out of the two going forward. 
Ken Usdin: Okay. And lastly, one of the things I think you mentioned last quarter was that part of – you had lower burden from the terminated swaps in the first half of the year, how much of a helper does that continue to be incrementally from here? 
Don Kimble: It was about $7 million of hit in the second quarter. It's about 5 million in the third quarter and about 2 million in the fourth quarter. So, there is some slight hiccup on an incremental basis each quarter. 
Ken Usdin: Okay, got it. And one last one, just on the deposit costs. You mentioned the pace of which the deposit costs should roll over. Is that mostly due to the index part? And if so, then what do you see happening with the non-index part, just the customer behavior? 
Don Kimble: As far as the rate coming down, the index parts move very quickly with the overall rate changes. And so, it's more of the administered rates that take some time to phase in. And so that's why we only see about five basis points of benefit in our deposit rates in the first quarter. And then would expect that to be up to 10 basis points in the second quarter. And so, it really is more managing through those administered grades.
Ken Usdin: Thanks a lot Don. 
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran [ph] from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst : Hi, good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst : Maybe one just housekeeping, the fraud, do we put it through the expense or charge offline? And can I just confirm that it's excluded from the full year guide? 
Don Kimble: Yeah, it is excluded from the full year guidance. And we do believe that we going through as an expense as a fraud loss as opposed to through charge offs. 
Unidentified Analyst : Okay. And then on the core expenses or the full year guide on expenses when you were talking about being at the low end or maybe even below the range. Is that linked with the revenue outlook or independent? Or maybe said another way is, is there a scenario in your mind where you hit the low end of the revenue guide, but beat on expenses or would it more be like you'd only beat on expenses if the revenue came up a little short? 
Don Kimble: I would say that our expenses being at or slightly below was consistent with our revenue outlook. What would cause that expenses number to be higher is if the revenues coming stronger and the corresponding expenses associated with that would come through. And if for – going forward, if we would miss our revenue guidance, I think there's even further opportunity on the expense side to come down. 
Unidentified Analyst : Got it and then very quickly, and I apologize if I missed this, the hedges are obviously proven to be a big differentiator. So well done, we have put them in. Did you say what the term or the duration and how long they'll last is? 
Don Kimble: Yeah, on average, they're a little over two years, as far as the interest rate swaps, the floors would have an average life of about two and a half years. And we've entered into some longer data swaps here recently and going into the full year for some of the new ones, we've been putting in place to more match with some of the more recent balance sheet improvements that we've had, and making sure that we keep that consistent. So, it's something that we watch very closely and we try to be fairly conservative as far as how we manage that overall position.
Unidentified Analyst : Great, thank you. 
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy from RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy : Good morning, Beth. Good morning Don. 
Beth Mooney: Good Morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning. 
Gerard Cassidy : Can you guys share with us what your customers are saying from the standpoint that the forward curve is expecting three 600 cuts this year? And it seems rather dramatic, considering our macroeconomic environment doesn't appear to be that week. Is there a disconnect you think between the forward curve and what your customers, commercial customers in particular are seeing on the ground? 
Chris Gorman: Gerard, it's Chris, I would say to some degree there is. There's kind of what we're hearing from our clients. The tone and sentiment with our clients continue to remain positive. We're having a lot of strategic discussions with them. I would say it's been about flat, kind of quarter-over-quarter, if I could give you a read of the sentiment, some of the areas of concerned continue to be labor very hard to staff up their operations, both knowledge workers and also non-skilled workers and also there's a real just bid to hire employees away. I'd say the trade tension certainly doesn't help because it's uncertainty. But on balance, it doesn't feel out talking to our clients, which we're doing very regularly. It doesn't feel the same as you would think it would feel as you look at the forward curve. 
Gerard Cassidy : Very good and then your credit, obviously is quite strong this quarter. But some of your smaller regional peers have had so called one off credit announcements and they seem to be concentrated in their private equity area leverage loans and also some restaurant credits. Can you guys give any color on your leverage loan portfolio? I know it's been stable for a number of years. It's not as a percentage of total loans a giant number, but curious to see what your – if you're seeing any trends in there that show some weakening or no, it's fairly stable? 
Chris Gorman: Gerard, its Chris, that's obviously a portfolio that we look at very, very closely at this point in the cycle. There is nothing in our portfolio that we believe is a sign of deterioration in that portfolio. It's a $2 billion portfolio, which by the way is what it was before we even acquired First Niagara. So, we have been very, very consistent at staying at that $2 billion level. It has a lot of velocity as you can well imagine and these are middle market companies that are in our areas of focus. So, we feel good about the portfolio, but it is a portfolio we watch very closely. 
Gerard Cassidy : Very good and then just finally maybe for Don, you mentioned about – if I heard it correctly selling off some of the Laurel Road mortgage loans I assume. I assume you keeping the servicing so that you could cross sell into their customer base and speaking of that cross selling, when do you folks think you can actually start to gain some traction, where you're able to get other business from these customers? 
Don Kimble: Yeah, Gerard, we're actually securitizing off some of the consolidation student loans. And this is something that Laurel Road had done before and we just want to make sure we kept those avenues open and so we're doing a small securitization transaction. And to your point as far as additional products, Laurel Road has already launched a mortgage product. We're continuing to refine some those capabilities they've offered and hopefully be in a position to offer that to our existing retail customers as well. And so, we'll start to see some traction there. And we're continuing to work on plans to further increase the types of products and services we can offer to that customer base. So, we're real excited about the digital capabilities that they bring and I think it has a bright future for us. 
Gerard Cassidy : Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, there are no further questions.
Beth Mooney: Alright, well, thank you, operator and we thank all of you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And with that, that concludes our remarks on our call today. And have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the KeyCorp’s First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Beth Mooney. Please go ahead.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp’s first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. In the room with me is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Gorman, President of Banking; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question and answer segment of our call. Now I am moving to Slide 3. This morning, we reported earnings per common share of $0.38, which included $0.02 of efficiency related charges. Adjusting for notable items related to the efficiency charges, our results were $0.40 per share, up 5% from the year ago period and down as expected relative to our seasonally strong fourth quarter results. Our results this quarter benefited from continued growth in our balance sheet, driven by both loans and deposits. The primary driver of loan growth was commercial and industrial loans with average balances up 8% versus the year ago period. Average deposits from both commercial and consumer clients grew 5% over the same period. Our growth reflects the success of our business model, competitive positioning in the market and investments we continue to make across the franchise. Noninterest income was below our expectations for the quarter, driven by our capital markets revenue. In addition to the expected seasonality in a number of fee income categories, including investment banking and debt placement fees, our investment banking business was also impacted by disruption from the government shutdown and the delayed closing of certain transactions. It’s important to note that we remain positive about the outlook for this business based on new client growth, high client engagement and strong pipeline, including a record pipeline for M&A advisory fees. We believe this positions us well for the remainder of the year. We also expect growth across our other fee-based businesses and as Don will walk through shortly, we are affirming our outlook for noninterest income for the year. Expense management continues to be a positive story with cost down 7% from the same period a year ago, adjusted for notable items. This reflects achieving nearly half of our $200 million in continuous improvement target by the end of the quarter. And even more importantly, substantially all of the targeted expenses should be achieved by the end of the second quarter. We remain committed to reaching our 54% to 56% cash efficiency ratio target in the second half of the year. The final two sections on this slide highlights our strong position in terms of both risk management and capital. Credit quality remains a strength with net charge-offs of 29 basis points, still well below our targeted range. And all of our credit metrics were stable this quarter. We remain committed to disciplined underwriting and maintaining our moderate risk profile. Our approach to capital has remained consistent and focused on maintaining our strong capital position, while returning a large portion of our earnings to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This morning, we announced our capital plans for the third quarter 2019 to second quarter 2020, which includes a 9% increase in our common stock dividend to $0.185 per share in the third quarter, subject to approval of our Board of Directors. We also plan to repurchase up to $1 billion in common shares over the same period. Our strong capital position supports both our organic growth as well as our planned capital actions. Also noteworthy is the closing of our Laurel Road acquisition earlier this month. Laurel Road’s platform bolsters our digital capabilities and aligns well with our relationship strategy to build broad-based relationships with targeted clients and prospects. We are excited to have found a firm that so clearly matches our business and a cultural approach to serving clients. Importantly, during the quarter, we continue to add and grow relationships across our franchise, which drove growth in both loans and deposits. Client sentiment is constructive and our pipelines are strong, driving continued core business momentum, which supports our revenue outlook for the year. We are delivering on our cost savings and remain on a path to reach our targeted efficiency ratio in the second half of this year. And we are maintaining our moderate risk profile, and strong credit underwriting remains a priority. And the capital actions we announced today are consistent with our disciplined approach and commitment to return capital to our shareholders. Finally, as Don will walk through shortly, we are affirming our outlook for the year, and we remain confident in reaching our long-term goals. With that, I will close and turn the call over to Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you, Beth, and I’m now on Slide 5. As Beth mentioned earlier, we reported first quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.38 per common share. Adjusting for notable items, earnings per share was $0.40. Our adjusted results compared to $0.38 per share in the year ago period and $0.48 in the fourth quarter of 2018. Notable items for the quarter totaled $26 million including $20 million of personnel, largely severance, as well as $6 million of real estate expenses, both related to our efficiency initiatives. As Beth mentioned, we continue to make progress toward our $200 million cost saving target with approximately half already realized and the rest expected to be in place by midyear. Importantly, we remain committed to reaching our 54% to 56% cash efficiency ratio target in the second half of this year. I will cover many of the remaining items on this slide and the rest of my presentation, so I’m now turning to Slide 6. Our business model continues to position us well to grow relationships and loan balances. Total average loans were $90 billion, up 3% from the first quarter of last year, driven by growth in commercial and industrial loans, which were up 8%. Linked quarter growth and average balances was also driven primarily by commercial and industrial loans. Our growth continues to be broad-based across our footprint as well as through our targeted industry verticals. Our growth this quarter was partially offset by seasonal declines in commercial real estate balances following a strong fourth quarter. We expect to continue to grow loan balances consistent with our 2019 full year guidance as we support our relationship clients. This year will also benefit from the loan originations coming from our Laurel Road acquisition. The tone and sentiment from – with our clients remained positive and our pipelines are solid. That said, we remain committed to our moderate risk profile, and we will continue to walk away from business that does not meet our risk parameters. Continuing on to Slide 7. Average deposits totaled $108 billion for the first quarter of 2019, up $5 billion or 5% compared to the year ago period and down 0.3% from the prior quarter. Growth from the prior year was driven by both retail and commercial clients. On a linked quarter basis, the slight decline in the positive balances was primarily a result of expected outflows from short-term and seasonal deposits. Core retail deposit growth remained strong this quarter. We continue to see a migration into higher-yielding deposit accounts as we experience a decline in noninterest bearing deposits with growth in now and money market accounts as well as CD balances. Importantly, we are not acquiring at new-rate-sensitive, deposit-only business. The cost of our total deposits was up 12 basis points from the fourth quarter, reflecting the deposit rate increase as well as the continued migration of our portfolio into higher-yielding products. As expected, our incremental deposit beta was relatively consistent with what we experienced in the fourth quarter. The incremental beta in the first quarter was 56%, bringing our accumulative beta to 35%. We continue to have a strong, stable core deposit base, consumer deposits accounting for 66% of our total deposit mix. Turning to Slide 8. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $985 million for the first quarter of 2019 and net interest margin was 3.13%. These results compare to taxable equivalent net interest income of $952 million and a net interest margin of 3.15% in the first quarter of 2018, and just over $1 billion or 3.16% in the fourth quarter. Most of the $33 million increase from the first quarter of 2018 was driven by earning asset growth and the benefit from higher rates. Offsetting this benefit was an $11 million of lower purchase accounting accretion, lower loan fees and the impact from interest rates swaps. Net interest income decreased $23 million or 2% from the prior quarter, driven by two fewer days in the quarter and a decline in loan fees, partially offset by the benefit from higher interest rates. We expect our net interest margin to remain relatively stable and net interest income to grow consistent with our guidance we have provided. Moving to Slide 9. As Beth said, noninterest income was below our expectation this quarter. Key’s first quarter of 2019 noninterest income was $536 million compared to 6-0-1– $601 million for the year ago quarter and $645 million from the prior period. Compared to the prior quarter, seasonality impacted several areas including investment banking and debt placement fees, cards and payments and corporate owned life insurance, which all typically hit their lowest point in the first quarter. Market conditions put additional pressure on our investment banking and debt placement fees, where we saw some disruption from the government shutdown. This especially impacted our commercial mortgage and loan syndication segments. We also had a number of deals that were delayed this quarter. As Beth mentioned, our pipelines are strong and we expect these areas to show significant improvement throughout the rest of this year. One other item that impacted the current quarter’s performance was $7 million of losses from our principal investing area for the current quarter. This compared to $8 million of gains from principal investing last quarter. The comparison from the year ago quarter also reflects the sale of our insurance business in the second quarter of 2018, resulting in a $15 million reduction from the prior year and a $6 million impact from revenue classification changes mid-2018 on our deposit service charges. Later, we will review our outlook for 2019, which has not changed from January. This includes our outlook for noninterest revenues to be $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion for the year. This reflects our expectation for a double-digit increase in our noninterest income in the second quarter from the first quarter level. Turning to Slide 10. Expense management has remained an area of focus for us and our results this quarter reflect the progress that we made against our expense savings target. First quarter noninterest expense was $963 million or $937 million excluding the $26 million of efficiency related expenses. This compared to just over $1 billion in the first quarter of 2018 and $1.012 billion in the prior quarter, which included $41 million of notable items. The table on the bottom left side of the slide breaks out the notable items incurred in both the current period and the prior quarter. Compared to the year ago quarter, noninterest expense declined $69 million, excluding the notable items. Our lower expense level reflects Key’s efficiency initiative efforts across the franchise. Those in personnel and nonpersonnel costs, reflecting lower FTE and significant progress on our $200 million cost saving target. Compared to the prior quarter, noninterest expense declined by $34 million, excluding notable items. This quarter’s results were impacted by three areas. Normal seasonality impacts a number of line items in reflecting the day count, and we also see increase in benefit costs in the first quarter. The second area is variable nature of our expenses. It has the lower capital markets revenues resulted in a decrease to incentive compensation expense. And finally, we’re realizing the benefits from our continuous improvement efforts faster than originally expected. As Beth mentioned earlier, we have executed on half of our plans to reach our annual run rate target of $200 million in cost savings this year. And we expect the remaining savings to be inflated by midyear. This will result in reducing reported expenses by a low single-digit range from the full year 2018 level, and we continue to expect to reach our cash efficiency ratio target of 54% to 56% in the second half of the year. Our continuous improvement efforts included the following items completed in the first quarter; we announced a closure of over 60 branches; structured the organization to better align with the customer resulting in significant savings; optimized many of the support functions; implemented vendor related savings throughout the organization; and right sized the middle and back office functions. Moving on to Slide 11. Our credit quality remains strong, and we continue to be consistent and disciplined in our underwriting. Net charge-offs were $64 million or 29 basis points of average total loans in the first quarter, which continues to be below or over the cycle range of 40 to 60 basis points. The provision for credit losses was $62 million for the quarter. Nonperforming loans were $548 million this quarter and represent 61 basis points of period end loans consistent with the prior quarter. Turning to Slide 12. Capital also remains a strength for our company, with an estimated Common Equity Tier 1 ratio at the end of the first quarter at 9.84%. As Beth mentioned earlier, we remained true to our capital priorities, including returning a significant amount to our shareholders. In the first quarter, we declared a common dividend per share of $0.17, and we also continue to repurchase common shares of – with $199 million repurchased this quarter. We also announced our 2019 Capital Plan today for the period of a third quarter of 2019 to the second quarter of 2020. This plan includes a 9% increase in our common stock dividend to $0.185 in the third quarter, which is subject to approval of our Board of Directors. We also plan to repurchase up to $1 billion in common shares over the same period. Our strong capital position supports all of our capital actions along with organic growth. On Slide 13, we’ve provided our outlook for 2019, which, again, is unchanged from the outlook we provided in January. This builds on our performance and reflects our expectation for another year of strong positive operating leverage and continued momentum across our company. We continue to expect average loan balances to be in the $90 billion to $91 billion range, once again, driven by commercial businesses. Average deposits should continue to grow, reaching $108 billion to $109 billion average balance range. Net interest income should be in the range of $4.0 billion to $4.1 billion and our outlook assumes no interest rate changes in 2019. We expect noninterest income will be up in the range of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion with growth in most of our core fee-based businesses. This outlook is up significantly from our first quarter run rate reflecting strong pipelines, investments in our fee-based businesses and a return to seasonally higher levels of fee income. As noted earlier, we expect noninterest income to increase by double digits in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. Additionally, we expect noninterest expense to be down low single digits from a reported 2018 level in the range of $3.85 billion to $3.95 billion. This range includes the realization of $200 million in run rate cost savings and an increase from Laurel Road of approximately $20 million per quarter. All combined, we still expect to reach our targeted cash efficiency ratio range of 54% to 56% in the second half of the year. We see nothing on the horizon that changes our expectations on credit quality, with net charge-offs and provision expense remaining below our range of 40 to 60 basis points. Our loan loss provision should slightly exceed our level of net charge-offs to provide for loan growth. And our GAAP tax rate should increase slightly to the range of 18% to 19%. We continue to expect 2019 to be another good year for Key, building on our own momentum and strong expense management, a clear focus on risk and strong returns. On the bottom of the slide are our long-term targets. We expect to reach our efficiency ratio target in the second half of the year. That said, we have significant upside remaining to improve our returns and deliver value to our shareholders. I remain confident in our ability to continue to move toward the top tier of our peer group and believe over time, the market will recognize our progress and improve results. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions on our Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And first on the line is Scott Siefers with Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everybody.
Don Kimble: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Don, maybe just a little more thought to flush out the NII guide and how you got there? Sounds like the margin on a reported basis is expected to be pretty flat, which suggest that it’s going to be mostly volume that gets you there, but I guess just any more color given that, I think, you’re going to have to average somewhere like $40 million a quarter higher if you wanted to get to the midpoint of the range. So just, I guess any additional color you could provide, please.
Don Kimble: Sure. A couple of things or three things actually will impact that. One is day count, the first quarter is always the lowest day count. It’s about $7 million a day as far as the impact for fewer days and so that cost us about $14 million this quarter. Second area that was weak for us this quarter compared to our expectations was loan fees, and we expect that to return to more normal levels in the second through fourth quarter. And that cost is about $6 million this quarter compared to where we would expect it. And the last piece is just what you talked about, which is balance sheet growth, and our outlook for both loans and deposits would imply about $900 million of growth from where our average was in the first quarter to what we see for the average for the full year. And that should help drive the growth so that we get back into that range for NII.
Scott Siefers: Okay, that’s perfect and helpful. Thank you very much. And then if I can jump to fees for a second. And I know you noted, hopefully double digits increased in fees in the 2Q relative to the first quarter performance. But is there any way to discuss just how quickly some of these capital markets fees could come back, I guess I only ask because double digit could be in 10% but then the sky is the limit as well. And I think to get to the guide, you’ll have to average much, much higher than like a what 10% increase would suggest. So how much of the shortfall in the first quarter was indeed like the old timing that could come back immediately in the 2Q, and how much will progress over the course of the year?
Don Kimble: We would expect a meaningful step up in investment banking debt placement fees for the second quarter. Maybe just to hit the broader question would be as far as our noninterest income outlook for the full year. And we acknowledge that the first quarter’s noninterest income of $536 million is well below the run rate for us to get to our $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion target for the full year. It would require an increase of about $120 million a quarter in fee income. And so as I would look at this, just a few things to keep in mind as far as the investment banking debt placement fees by just returning to the same reported levels we had in second quarter of 2018 through fourth quarter of 2018 that would add $60 million to our quarterly run rate as far as IBND fees. What we’ve talked about is, our pipelines are very strong, we did have deals push out of the first quarter and to subsequent periods, and so we do believe that is on track. And so we do believe that our pipeline support a continuation of building on our model from where we were last year. Another component is seasonality, first quarter is also low on fee income categories outside of IBND and that should add about $25 million a quarter for seasonality. Included in our other income line item was principal investing losses and typically we see a couple million dollars a quarter in fee income from that. We saw about a $7-plus million dollar loss there and so that would add about $10 million a quarter. And so just to get to the low end of our growth or our target, we’d have to have $25 million a quarter of additional fee income growth. And so we would see that coming from a number of different areas and those who we’ve talked about consistently have been investment banking and debt placement fees, our cards and payments related revenue and mortgages also on a very good trajectory for us as well. But if we look at our application volumes, we’re up over 50% from both a year-ago levels and also from the fourth quarter levels. And so we are on a path to start seeing mortgage drive some increases in fee income as well. And so that’s kind of how I would answer your question, so hopefully that’s helpful.
Scott Siefers: Yes, it’s very helpful. Appreciate that. Again, thanks for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe: Great, thanks. Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Ken Zerbe: Could we just talk about your capital plans, just for a little bit? The – let’s call it the 2019 CCAR year number, the $1 billion. It was a little bit lower than the last year’s, I think it was $1.2 billion plus. Could you just talk about kind of how you went about formulating the $1 billion, why that’s the right number and was there any negative – potentially negative surprises in your next year forecast that would lead to the lower buyback amount? Thanks.
Don Kimble: There really aren’t any negative surprises as far as our outlook, I would say that last year we had a strong capital substitution with a preferred stock issuance replacing common equity. But the common dividend and the share buybacks combined really are able – enable us to get toward the top end of some of our guidance ranges as far as capital for next year. And more importantly, it keeps us just inside what that templates would allow us to do without going through a formal approval process. For us to step up our capital actions from what’s included in today’s announcement would require us to submit a full Capital Plan with the Fed.
Ken Zerbe: Okay. No, I guess that helps. And then in terms of the efficiency initiative expenses, is that something that we could see going forward from here, or is 1Q the end of it?
Don Kimble: We’ll see some again in the second quarter. It should be at a lower total level than what we had in the first quarter but that should be the end of it.
Ken Zerbe: In 2Q, understood. Okay, great. And then just one final question. In terms of your average CRE balances looks like they were down a few percentage or a couple of percentage points, which is a bit more negative than some of the banks have also reported this quarter. Can you just talk about what you’re seeing in terms of CRE, I mean, is it just elevated pay downs or is there something specific about your markets or customers?
Don Kimble: Well, a couple things in commercial real estate balances for us. One is that we do have a commercial mortgage business, and we do see a lot of sales of those assets in the fourth quarter and so that puts our balances a little bit lower at starting point for the first quarter. But second, this is an area where we continue to focus on our risk profile. And we’re not seeing the opportunities there for growth that we’re seeing in C&I and some of the other categories and so we’re probably a little more cautious there than some of our peers might be.
Ken Zerbe: All right, sounds good. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: I just wanted to follow up on Scott’s line of questioning. And Chris, if you could weigh in on some color, too. Don, you mentioned that just getting back to the previous level for investment banking gets you to a starting point range of about $155 million for the second quarter. And I’m wondering if you could give us any more color on – you also mentioned Beth, in your prepared remarks about a record pipeline for M&A advisory fees. So try and think through, how much of the timing difference could really boost sort of the second quarter run rate?
Chris Gorman: Erika, it’s Chris. Good morning. Well, first of all, let me acknowledge that clearly the first quarter was not the first quarter we expected from a perspective of investment banking and debt placement fees. As it relates to the timing, as we look forward, none of the deals that were pushed out have been lost. So then it’s a question of when are they actually captured? And we’re off to a very good start here in the beginning of the second quarter. So we feel good about the trajectory and what really gives us, and I think both Beth and Don mentioned this, what gives us really the most comfort is kind of across the boards we have pipelines that our elevated from this time last year. And specifically, Erika, with respect to our advisory pipeline, our M&A business, it’s a record. So those are kind of some of the things that give us confidence as we go forward.
Don Kimble: Erika, we feel much more comfortable and confident in our full year outlook as opposed to giving a quarterly guidance on that specific line item. And as we saw this quarter, we were surprised by some of the transactions being pushed out of the first quarter into subsequent quarters. And so we know that the core business is there, the activity is there to support the kind of growth that we want to see going forward and so that’s why we’re very focused on that $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion fee income line item.
Erika Najarian: Understood. And then a follow up on capital return. I know that banks in your category were sort of restricted by the Fed template, which carries over sort of the tougher CCAR of 2018. And I’m wondering what the decision tree was in terms of having to go through the full CCAR in theory? I think some – most banks had said that the parameters at this year would be easier versus sort of just doing the template?
Don Kimble: Well, one, it was helpful for us and that with these capital actions, it really doesn’t make progress and move us toward our targets. Both from a common dividend payout ratio, it gets us closer to that 40% range and also the share buybacks I think are very important for us. And we actually totaled a little bit more towards the share buybacks this time than what we would have before. And with this level, it does start to bring us down toward that 9% to 9.5%, the targeted range. And so one, it’s helpful that even with the template, it approaches that level, what we have is a possibility if we feel that we need to step up capital actions. We have the ability to resubmit a Capital Plan at any point in time and don’t have to do it just now. So that’ll be something we can consider in the future if we feel a need to step up beyond where our current plan would include.
Erika Najarian: Got it. So just I understand the process for the banks in your category. Let’s say that the stock value, market valuation continues to provide a window of opportunity to buying back shares. You could submit, I think, is it – up to 1% of RWA. Without having to go through any sort of formal approval process?
Don Kimble: There is de minimis approval. I don’t think it’s a full 1% of RWA, but I don’t know what that level is of the top of my head there is ability to get a de minimis adjustment.
Erika Najarian: Got it, thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And next we’re going to Matt O’Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O’Connor: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Matt O’Connor: Just a follow up on the capital side. Obviously, doing a lot of catching so I think you’re the first bank out there to kind of give the plan in your stars. But it does sound like it’d be pretty compelling to go through the hassle of the paperwork. And it just offer more flexibility, I mean you’ve been pretty clear about not being interested in bank deals. We got small deal closing here. I don’t know if the acquisition appetite has changed but it does seem pretty compelling to go back and ask for more. If the acquisitions strategy hasn’t changed, especially in light of flatter yield curve, not robust loan growth.
Don Kimble: Well, Matt, I can say definitively our acquisition strategy has not changed so that is not a priority for us, and so we are very focused on executing in star strategic plan and generating organic growth. And to your point, we could have some additional flexibility as far as increasing our capital actions and we’ll just have to assess that over the next couple of quarters as the split of that limits us in the current environment or whether we want to file a full Capital Plan and adjust to that request.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. And then just separately the expense management this quarter was very good to help offset some of the weaker fees and you clearly sound confident that the fees will come back strongly the rest of the year. If for some reason the revenue is a little bit weaker than you hoped for, are some of these cost adjustments or cost savings sustainable?
Don Kimble: Yes. Well, the cost savings are sustainable. And I would also argue or suggest that as we saw this quarter, many of our revenues also have a highly correlated expense number with that. So that the expenses are variable to those revenues that are being generated in this case, those capital market revenues are highly correlated, and we’ve said that in the past it’s been about a 30% correlation and so there is that opportunity to adjust that. We’ve talked a lot about making sure that we hit our efficiency targets and make sure that we deliver on our commitments to the street. And part of that is making sure that we continue to focus on expense control in order to help manage to achieve our targets even if the revenues are weaker. So I think you’ll see ongoing efforts for us to continue to manage that down and would expect our efficiency ratio to continue to decline each quarter from here on out this year. And so that will allow us to achieve that targeted level.
Matt O’Connor: Okay, thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go to David Long with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
David Long: Good morning, everyone.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
David Long: With the rate curve flattening inter quarter, how is that changed your investment decisions in your securities portfolio?
Don Kimble: I would say as far as our investment decisions, it hasn’t changed a lot. Now what you did see from us quarter was about $1 billion increase on our investment portfolio and that was because our liquidity levels continued to be above where we wanted to be and so we move that out of short-term and into our portfolio. The nature of the investments is very similar that we tend to look at agency CMOs and those have been very predictable for us as far as cash flows, and we don’t like a lot of the mortgage pass-through security so we don’t have the variability associated with that. One of the thing we did do is this quarter we started to enter into more interest rate swaps and floors again and so we added over $4 million of those to really shift our asset sensitivity to be more neutral and to make sure that we’re not only more balanced but also have greater protection in case the rates do start to go down at some point in time.
David Long: Got it. And then in your – in the quarter, what yields were you investing in? What type of yields were you getting on new purchases?
Don Kimble: First quarter, the average yield for the new purchase was 335%, and the raw offer rate for the portfolio was at 229%. So we picked up over 105 basis points on those reinvestments, I’d say that in today’s marketplace, it’s a little tighter than that probably about 30 basis points tighter because of the flatness of the curve.
David Long: Perfect. Thanks for the color, Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next question’s from Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Beth. Good morning, Don.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Don, can you shoot with us any color on CECL? I know we won’t need the official number until probably later this year but some of the banks have come out with the Day 1 increase in reserves and in fact Wells Fargo surprised I think people by saying that their Day 1 reserve will not increase but decrease. Any color on how yours are shaping up?
Don Kimble: Yes. One, Gerard, if you could tell me what the economic outlook is on the first quarter of 2020. We might be able to predict what that is because CECL is going to be more variable based on what the economy would show. I would say more generally though that for CECL, we think that there should be very little impact and maybe even some slight decreases in some of the commercial categories. If you look at the reserves maintained by Key and other banks that tends to be with an assumed loss recognition period of about three years, which is also about the average life of loans. And so we don’t believe that there should be much of an increase there and potentially, again, maybe even on a slight decrease. And on the consumer front, we do believe that there will be increases on the CECL reserves that most banks will have about 1.5 years worth of charge-offs for consumer products and many of the consumer loans have an average life of well north of the 1.5 years if you look at home equity and mortgage, you might even assume a seven year kind of life. So we think that the reserve requirements under CECL will increase those. Now for Key, that’s actually a good relative position because of about 75% of our loan portfolio is commercial and then 25% is consumer. And so we think that the impact should be less than what we’re seeing from many of our peers.
Gerard Cassidy: Great, thank you. And following up, I know you guys have been pretty definitive on your views on M&A. But maybe Beth, there’s some speculation I think in the market, linking your recent proxy proposal to increase the number of authorized shares with maybe potential M&A. Can you give us any color on what – why it was increased?
Beth Mooney: Yes. I’d be glad to, Gerard. And on the proxy proposal, it really was an administrative action and it’s actually something that we knew that our level of share authorization would need to be addressed. And if you look at our 2019 equity compensation plan, the additional shares are now necessary. It’s actually been over 20 years since our last authorization. So in determining the requested amount, we basically evaluated ISS’ published voting guidelines, and our increased authorization is actually at the lower end of the ISS guidelines. So our thinking was to avoid requiring frequent proposals. It was our intent to request an amount of authorized shares that would suffice for a long period of time. So it was purely administrative and not linked to any strategic actions or plans.
Gerard Cassidy: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
John Pancari: On the – back to the capital markets revenue, the IB and debt placement revenue. I got all your color on how you’re thinking about that and the seasonality and the pickup and pipeline. So I guess to think about it for the year, if we look at full year 2019 versus 2018, given your expectation of a bit of a rebound here, is this fair to assume that we could see growth in full year 2019 revenue and IB in debt placement versus over the FY2018 level?
Don Kimble: Yes. That – I would just say that we’re focused on our guidance range for fee income overall, and we talked about the $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion and for us to get in that range, it does require us to show increases in investment banking debt placement fees to more normal levels and show growth beyond that for the rest of the year. And I prefer not to go into much more detail, specifically about those line items and just the group in total.
John Pancari: Okay, all right. And then separately, back to capital deployment, I know that you had indicated that you’re deployment level even though it came in below some of our expectations, it does get you in – you said approaching the top end of your targeted range. So why not more towards the mid to lower end of that range? How are you thinking about that range here at this point, just trying to get some color on why wouldn’t it be further into it? Thanks.
Don Kimble: We do and plan to overtime manage into that range. I would say that part of the constraint this year is the template does limit the amount of share buybacks that we can do to stay within the guidelines from the Fed. Beyond that, just as we talked about our common equity, excuse me, our common dividend payout ratio be in the 40%, 50% range. We will get there over time as opposed to in one fell swoop. So our expectation would continue to manage that over the next several years.
John Pancari: Okay. And then related to that, the 9%, the 9.5% targeted range. Is that – you’re still comfortable with that? Or do you think there’s potential that that could move lower overtime?
Don Kimble: We do believe over time, we could see that come down and what would drive that as continued improvement in our operating results that is as we continue to build out our earnings performance that should provide additional support for our capital and therefore, could lower that target over time.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks. And then one more and then sorry if I missed this, but I know you had reiterated no real interest in bank M&A. On the non-bank side, is there interest in potential further deal similar to the Laurel Road transaction?
Don Kimble: I would say that we are always looking at areas where we can add additional people, products and capabilities to align with our overall strategies. Most of the transactions we’ve done have been much smaller than what either Laurel Road or Cain Brothers were. And so we’ll continue to look at that fill-ins there. But we do believe that the transactions we’ve done have been additive and will continue to generate value and help accelerate our efforts to our strategic goals.
John Pancari: Okay, got it. Thanks Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to first start on capital. So what were the thoughts on going out now with the 2019 Capital Plan versus waiting to get a potentially much stronger 2Q under your belt?
Don Kimble: I would say as far as our announcement of our capital plan that – we knew this would be a topic of conversation from our investors. And so we felt that we go ahead and announce it now and then as far as the levels, we really believe that was in line with our initial expectation and also put it as the high end as far as what the Fed template would provide. And so we felt that it was appropriate to go ahead and announce the plans based on those criteria.
Steven Alexopoulos: And now given the CET1 is now at 9.8%, if you did not have this template constrain, would you be looking to buyback much more than the $1 billion? Or is the reality just that you don’t have as much excess capital as you had in the past?
Don Kimble: Well, keep in mind that our Common Equity Tier 1 has only moved down by about 30 basis points from a year ago. And so there isn’t a huge gap as far as the change from where we were then. I would say that last year we did have a significant preferred stock issuance, which allowed us to buy back additional common shares and so that had an impact on last year’s capital actions. And it’s something that we’re continuing to evaluate. And as we’ve said is we do believe that we have the opportunity, if we believe appropriate to submit a capital plan to increase our capital actions beyond this. We also knew that it would take some time for us to be able to achieve that, and so we felt that it was appropriate to go ahead and get these actions in place and start making those share repurchases occur and also to increase the common dividend.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, thanks. Maybe just a final one for Chris. I wanted to follow up on the expectation for double-digit increase in fee income in 2Q. So if we look at loans held for sale, which historically was a good leading indicator of the IB pipeline. Why is the size of held for sale not indicating a larger pickup coming? It’s pretty light actually, this quarter. Thanks.
Chris Gorman: Yes, so Steve, good morning first of all. So as you know, we have a bunch of line items that impact our investment banking and debt placement fees. It isn’t always a particularly perfect correlation between what we have in terms of held for sale and what’s coming out of the pipeline. I mean, we’re talking about 10% increase quarter-over-quarter in noninterest income. I think the big line items where you’re going to see changes are trust and investment services. We talked about the fact we had insurance there before. Investment banking, you also see – you also will see pickup in corporate services income, which is derivates in FX, which is tied to transactions. The other thing to mention is obviously M&A never makes its way into the line item that you referenced.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Chris Gorman: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Hi, guys. Good morning. Don, can you elaborate on the Laurel Road income statement impacts? You mentioned in the guidance that it continues to be in the interest expense. But how does –how do you expect that now to traject as far as now bringing in balances onto the balance sheet? Is that included in your loan, obviously in interest income outlook? And just maybe you can desize both the revenue and the expense impacts for the year? That’d be helpful. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Sure. As we talked about it from the expense side that – the transaction closed a little quicker than what we had initially had and so we – now we’re saying about $20 million a quarter, so roughly about $60 million of expense as far as the impact. The loan outlook has, since the day one included the impact of Laurel road, and so, we do expect that to have a boost to our consumer lending this year and that’s also very helpful. We should also see some lift in fee income, because some of their production, it is the type of production that we would be selling, like mortgages and maybe some of the consolidation loans as well and so we should see some drive there. The guidance we provided before about – having about a negative $0.02 impact this year. Is probably about the same general range, so it’s not much higher or lower even though it’s been in place for one month more.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got It. And one more on capital. So with the letter math Don, I guess, is there a way you can help us describe when you thought through it like what the – what your limiting ratio is? Last year you were Tier 1, I believe limited in CCAR. Did the letter math change, what you find to be your binding constraint without going through the formal CCAR process? And does that change in terms of how you think about managing capital going forward at all? Thank you.
Don Kimble: You’re right, the template still shows Tier 1 is being our limiting factor there and will give us the opportunity to issue some preferred stock to help with that as well. So that’s a part of the consideration going forward.
Ken Usdin: Okay. So that wasn’t a change in one of the reasons why you limited. It would just seem that the letter math would have been better than a – more than $1 billion?
Don Kimble: Our math is within $12 million of what that template shows for the $1 billion. Just put it in perspective.
Ken Usdin: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next we’re going to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi. I just wanted to follow-up more in the investment banking. But just to clarify, if you were to get a little more specific guidance for second quarter. Second quarter fee growth should be somewhere between 10% and 99.9%.So when I give a little bit more guidance for that range, I guess Scott asked that question earlier.
Don Kimble: Yes. I would say that up double-digits and Mike, just to put it in perspective, I think earlier someone mentioned that fee income was up in IBND fee. So I think number was $155 million for the second quarter, I think that those general ranges are consistent with a kind of a double-digit increase from where we are in the first quarter.
Mike Mayo: Okay. So my question really relates to investment banking. If you look at organic investment banking growth the last few years, it’s not where it was before that. And I just – some of this is timing what you said, deals are delayed not dead, but that’s also true for your peers, which performed better whether similar size or the largest. Some of this could be mix. You talked that the record M&A backlog, that’s not huge in the scheme of things. So I guess, in terms of management, since Chris Gorman, since he kind of rose further up and maybe a little further away from that business. Does it have the same intensity that it had in the past. I know you created that, but most importantly it’s the competition. Goldman Sachs this week said that they’re hiring 100 new coverage bankers to cover 1,000 new companies, which I think are middle market companies. I think Goldman Sachs is pretty much saying they’re going after your customers in the investment bank. So what role does – whether it’s the mix or management or the competition have on investment banking revenues, which have decelerated over the last several years on a core business stripping out, Pacific Crest and Cain Brothers? Thanks.
Chris Gorman: Thanks for your question Mike. I mean, if you go back and it’s still very true today for people to compete with us, they have to be focused on companies that are in the middle market, companies that need the full breadth of an integrated model and that are within our industry groups. And there’s always competition and we have great respect for our competition. But the reality is, in terms of on any given opportunity, the team showing up and being able to check all those boxes, we very much like our chances when we’re out there competing. So one, we continue to grow the business, we’ve successfully integrated both Pacific Crest Securities and now Cain Brothers, which is kind of tricky when you successfully integrate boutiques. No question there’s competition, but we really like where we’re positioned in the market and as we said, we expect to continue to grow that business. The other thing that we mentioned at our Investor Day that I think is really important is the nature of the repeat revenues. So we’ve been able to build a business where 50% of our customers do something strategic every three years or so. And I think that’s really important, and Mike, what’s going on right now with frankly the slowing growth in general in the economy, but really healthy balance sheets is, we’re having a lot of strategic discussions both with our clients and with our prospects.
Mike Mayo: I mean, so what do you think – I mean, also you have JPMorgan fit into the market banks so even if that’s what you’re seeing today, how do you – what do you say to your team over the next three years when you see headlines like Goldman Sachs this week or JPMorgan at their Investor Day? Everyone seems to all of a sudden love the middle market for investment banking. So are you just keep doing what you’re doing and then hope it stays the same? Or what can you do?
Chris Gorman: So we will keep growing our business in a very targeted way. We talked about focus scale that day, in October, we will continue to go about the business in doing that. The real secret to serving these middle market companies is really the coordination of all the pieces and parts, whether it’s the balance sheet, the advisory, the hedging, the operating accounts and that’s not easy to replicate, I’m not saying it can’t be replicated, but the reality is, that’s a tough business model to replicate as it relates to the broader middle market.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Great. Thank you. Our next question is from Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Hey guys, good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Saul Martinez: So a couple of things. First, I guess following-up on the last question from Mike. Don, your – the guidance for full year assumes that – I guess the bridge to get to the guidance assumes that you get back to the 2Q 2018 to 4Q 2018 run rate for IBCs, And I get that there’s a pipeline strong, Q2, you may have some visibility but is that – how reasonable is that assumption because you did – especially in the back half, you did have a strong year, you mentioned slowing growth, competition was mentioned. You had a lot of pay downs last year. Is that – how confident are you that, that run rate is the right one to use going forward?
Don Kimble: One, the walk forward that I provided just that’s a component getting back to that level, we also believe there is growth for the business and growth for other areas in the business. But as far as our confidence, as Beth said in her comments that pipelines are all very strong. And we do have record levels of pipelines in M&A and some of those M&A transactions were part of those that were delayed out of first quarter. And so we have good insight or sight line into the near-term there. But more importantly, if you look at the last 30 to 40 days, our activity levels, our calling efforts, they’ve all stepped up and so that’s fitting the table nicely for not just the current period but long-term type of growth in opportunities for us in this category.
Saul Martinez: Okay. If – I know you’re – each press confidence, you can hit your target. If you do come up a little bit short on the fee side, is there more room on the expense side to manage expenses even lower than what you’re guiding to right now? How much flexibility do you have in terms of discretionary expense?
Don Kimble: Our expense range is based on the assumption that we are inside our revenue targets as far as both fee income and net interest income. And if we see weakness in those categories, we do expect to see our expenses come down appropriately. And as – we’ve mentioned many of the fee categories that have some variability to them are more capital markets related. And there is a high variability that the expense associated with that as well.
Saul Martinez: So even if you’re a little short on revenues, do you feel confident you can get to the 54% to 56% in the back end of the year?
Don Kimble: That’s our plan, yes.
Saul Martinez: Final thing for me. Laurel Road, you mentioned some of the impacts. But can you just give us a sense how much is it could add to your consumer indirect loan book? And at what yields it would be put on?
Don Kimble: Yeah, that, I would say that last year Laurel Road originated about $1.2 billion in production. And so we do believe that they can continue to grow their core, and we’ll just continue to operate their business. We also think there are synergies like combining with Key, and we have a number of customers that really overlap well with that medical professional field. And so we think there is additional products that we can distribute through that platform as well. Keep in mind too that some of those loans are going to be balance sheet and some could be sold in the markets like the mortgage production. And so we’ll see it come through on both the loans and the fee income. But I’d say the $1.2 billion in production is a good starting point.
Saul Martinez: And I think in the past, you mentioned that the yields are similar to what you have in the other parts of your consumer book. So I mean, remind us that’s what like 5.5%, 6% is that sort of the…
Don Kimble: Yes, that 5.5% range is a good range for the production, yes.
Saul Martinez: Got It. All right. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next we’re going to Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please go ahead.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. And kind of a sequence of the questions I wanted to ask. One is, if you look at investment banking, it’s down from fourth quarter to first quarter, the last five years I think it’s been a trend. I was expecting rates maybe they kind of kick in and maybe accelerate some of the deals, maybe they’re just getting a little bit more pushed out but the seasonal trend looks to be pretty solid with what you’ve seen in the past. If we look at the actual variance in the sense of what we’re looking at in the sense of EPS, there’s probably $0.02 or $0.03 related to what the compression was just in this one fee income line. So I just – I’m trying to take the expenses that were associated with the less revenues and kind of net that out. But I’m thinking $0.02 or $0.03 was probably the impact for this particular quarter, given the compression you saw from fourth quarter into the first quarter for this fee and line item?
Don Kimble: Marty, the math I guess, is in line. If you just take a look at what our investment banking debt placement fees line item was versus a year ago. That’s a $33 million decline. You also take in consideration the other capital markets revenues were impacted whether it was corporate services income or the markets impact as far as there’s principal investing losses. And so those are all meaningful as far as the impact and constraints on our revenues. On the expense side, to your point, capital markets revenues, there tends to be about a 30% correlation to the expense. And so for that $33 million and reduced IBND fees that would be about a $10 million incentive attached to it. So if you worked through all the math, it probably – for those three areas, it probably would be in that $0.02 or $0.03 range compared to what we would have generally expected in more normal market environments.
Marty Mosby: And then that is such a key to see that come back next quarter. So we’ve been through that discussion a lot. It has at least shown that trend to come back in the second quarter anyway and especially if there were some delays, you might be able to see that. But if you kind of now connect that and the need to make sure that you’re hitting these targets, there is still an opportunity, you’ve been doing a great job moving your investment portfolio yields higher. And with what you saw with the template and a sense of what you could give back in dividends and share repurchase, you could actually take that difference so to say we rebought, repurchased $1.2 billion last year, this year we’re going to repurchase around $I billion. Take that $200 million, actually invested and accelerating the pickup, that 50 to 75 basis point difference between what’s going to mature in the next couple of years and where the market is to actually pick up a significant amount of earnings. So you have excess capital, this is capital you would actually re-earn over the next couple of years and it would have to actually give you a little bit of a backdrop to help soften some of this reliance just on this one thing coming back. So just wanted to see what kind of potential you might have, given the excess capital you have that might not go through the template, but could be used in a different area.
Don Kimble: Our objective is to have capital to support organic growth, and so we do expect that we’re – we’ve got a lot of business activities that would result in growth for us. Based on the commercial side, we continue to see nice growth in commercial lending activities over the last five or six years and so that’s been a source of strength for us. We also believe that the Laurel Road should add additional volumes to our balance sheet. And so we want to make sure that we have the capital there to support that and that’s our priority. To your point as well, on the investment portfolio that, we would expect to see that stay relatively stable. And so we think that our loan growth will be funded by our deposit growth but maintain that and more the same level and so we think that it should translate to core earnings growth for us with those types of assumptions.
Marty Mosby: And we’re not asking about – talking about increasing the portfolio as much as it just getting the existing size up to the current market rate. So you could take that and you could even be smaller in size, if you want to fund more loans and still get that benefit from the point of liquidity. But getting that portfolio rate that still believes 2.5% up towards where market rates are today, like you said that front book that you can accelerate that. And that acceleration would help you kind of step into some of this weakness and offset the need to see such a stepwise leg up. And then Beth, what I wanted to kind of get you to respond to was, when we talked to investors, I mean the biggest issue that comes back was the valuation for KeyCorp just kind of stands out amongst the large cap banks, is really about management and how people can kind of rely on and it even had some of the questions with the guidance you’ve given is, can we really believe this? This next step up is going to be critical for you to be able to accomplish, given I think that suspicion or doubt that’s still lingering from whatever people felt because of the acquisition announcement a couple of years ago. So I think addressing that and kind of talking about where you believe and how you feel, confident in how you’re going to accomplish this year end goals because year-end goals really haven’t changed very much. So we’re really being asked to believe in the back half of the year offsetting the weakness that we’re seeing in this particular quarter. So just wanted to see if you could address some of those concerns that we hear consistently.
Beth Mooney: Yes, Marty I would say that first and foremost, we didn’t acknowledge that on the noninterest income front, we were like this quarter. And we mentioned specifically investment banking debt placement fees and then some of the market impacts that you even saw, such as in our principal investing portfolio and so forth. Reiterated our guidance. Don, I think early in the call kind of outlined and trying to make sure people could brainstorm this first quarter to how we looked at reiterating basically our revenue guidance for the year as well to try and help make sure that you understood where our confidence came in reiterating both noninterest income, as well as our revenue guidance for net interest income. We’ve obviously started the year with a very strong start on expenses. So again, we have a trajectory here that gives us confidence to meet the commitments we made around our efficiency ratio in our full year plans in that regard. And we’re engaged in a number of efforts that will drive shareholder value. In addition to our continuous improvement initiatives, we’ve got the Laurel Road acquisition, we have other investments we’ve made in our business. And we believe we have the full complement and capabilities to affect our plans deliver on our commitments. And we are very much focused and our priorities are clear. And what we wanted you to hear today is while we have a low base in the first quarter off of noninterest income, specifically in investment banking, we have a clear path and we have a clear plan to realize our commitments.
Marty Mosby: Thanks for your willingness to answer that. Very good and that step forward on revenues Don was very helpful. Thanks.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go to Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Chris Gorman: Good morning.
Peter Winter: On the net interest margin, Don you mentioned that the outlook is to be relatively stable going forward. Can you just give some of the puts and takes?
Don Kimble: Sure. That, as far as the stability one we would expect loan fees to pick up again to more normal levels and that costs us again 2 basis points this quarter and so that should be in add. We also think that the reinvestment of our bond portfolio, that this past quarter we had about $900 million of cash flow off that, we think that cash flow will continue. And we should have 70 basis points or thereabouts improvement from the reinvestment there, which will be helpful. The third piece will be helpful for us, too. As you might recall that we had some swaps that were terminated last year. And those swaps are those that matured through 2019. In the first quarter that had a negative impact as far as the amortization of the impact of that of about $14 million. And that won’t go away throughout the rest of the year. And so from the first quarter to the second quarter, you’ll see that amount drop from $14 million to roughly $6 million, so an $8 million pickup there. Now offsetting that, we would expect to see deposit rate continued to drift up a little bit and probably mid-single digits here in the second quarter, but probably low single-digits after that. And that’s really the result of our customers continuing to migrate into more interest-bearing type of product as from where they’ve been historically in. So you’ve seen the consumer opt for more time deposits and seen more shifts out of the noninterest-bearing DVA into interest-bearing DVA and things like that. And so, we think all those combine allow us to keep that margin relatively stable going forward.
Peter Winter: All right. Thanks very much. That’s all I had.
Don Kimble: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And Ms. Mooney, no further questions. I’ll turn it back to you for any closing comments.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our investment relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks today. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Beth Mooney. Please go ahead.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. In the room with me is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Gorman, President of Banking, and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide two is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. Now, I am moving to slide three. As you have seen with our headlines this morning, Key reported strong results for the fourth quarter. And this finishes what has been a very successful year for our Company as we continued to grow, invest for the future and deliver on our financial commitments. For the fourth quarter, we reported GAAP earnings per share a $0.45. Our EPS results included $0.03 from a pension settlement charge and costs associated with our efficiency initiative, which we refer to as notable items in our materials. Adjusting for the $0.03 of notable items, it brings our core earnings per share to $0.48 for the quarter. To provide a consistent view of our financial trends and prior period comparisons, my remarks this morning will focus on the adjusted core numbers, which exclude notable items in all periods. Our strong fourth quarter built on the momentum we continue to see across our Company. Highlights for the quarter included solid revenue growth, well-managed expenses, strong credit quality with a meaningful decline in nonperforming loans and further improvement in criticized and classified loans. Improved efficiency and return measures, was both up almost 400 basis points from the year-ago quarter, and disciplined capital management, which includes returning a significant amount to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Don will spend more time on the fourth quarter detail, so I will focus most of my comments on our full-year performance. 2018 was our sixth consecutive year of positive operating leverage. Our return on average tangible common equity increased the exposure in the year, reaching 17.5% in the fourth quarter. For the year, we reached a record level of revenue of $6.4 billion, reflecting continued growth in loans and deposits, as well as achieving all-time highs in several of our fee-based businesses, including investment banking and debt placement fees. The growth in both spread and fee income reflects the breadth and depth of our business model and our ability to acquire and expand relationships with our targeted clients. Expenses remained well-controlled as we drove efficiencies across our Company, while continuing to make investments in areas where we have targeted scale and reach. Yesterday, we announced an exciting new opportunity to build out our digital consumer lending platform with the acquisition of Laurel Road, which I will discuss later in my remarks. Over the past year, we improved our cash efficiency ratio by over 300 basis points and we remain on a path to achieve our $200 million of cost savings target in 2019, which represents approximately 5% of our total expenses. We expect to reach our targeted cash efficiency ratio range of 54% to 56% by the second half of 2019. Our credit quality has remained strong with net charge-offs to average loans remaining below our over-the-cycle range of 40 to 60 basis points throughout the year and 27 basis points for the fourth quarter. Our non-performing loans declined by over $100 million from the prior quarter and represented 61 basis points of period-end loans. The linked quarter improvement was consistent with our prior comment that the increase in our third quarter NPL level was temporary and was not indicative of a trend. Other credit metrics including criticized and classified loans, which we look to as leading indicators, improved again during the fourth quarter. As noted in our recent Investor Day, during my time as CEO, we have dramatically enhanced our risk practices and improved our risk profile. We continue to remain consistent and disciplined in our credit underwriting and portfolio management, and we are committed to outperform through the business cycle. We believe that our steadfast commitment to maintaining our moderate risk profile will continue to serve us well. In terms of capital management, we have consistently delivered on our stated priorities of supporting organic growth, growing dividends and prudently using share repurchases. And consistent with our 2018 capital plan, we increased our common stock dividend by 62% in 2018 and our dividend yield now stands at over 4%. We also repurchased over $1.1 billion of common shares throughout the year. Key's common equity Tier 1 ratio ended the quarter at 9.92%. Again, it was a strong finish to the year, we had broad-based growth across our franchise with record annual revenue and well-managed expenses that drove meaningful improvement in both efficiency and returns, and we maintained our moderate risk profile and continue to return capital to our shareholders. Now, let me turn to the announcements that we made yesterday, and I am now moving to slide four. From a transaction standpoint, we have acquired the digital lending business from Laurel Road Bank. This business operates under the name Laurel Road and is a leading digital-first consumer lending platform, focused on student lending refinancing, primarily targeted at advanced degree medical professionals. To be more specific, approximately 70% of the clients are doctors and dentists with another 20% being lawyers and MBAs. And the overall demographics of this target client base is extremely attractive, an average age of 33, average FICOs of 760, and income of approximately $185,000. Strategically, this is a strong complement to Key’s approach of building targeted scale against specific client segments. Moreover, it closely aligns to our enterprise health care focus. And while this distinctive platform is on the path to having scale in the business with student lending, is also a concept we shared at our Investor Day. The Laurel Road team has been proactively expanding its product set to build broad-based relationships with these targeted clients and prospects. In the last year alone, the team has developed and launched personal and secured loans, mortgage and deposits, all delivered digitally on their industry-leading platform.  In October, we also shared our views on the power of strategic partnerships to execute our strategy. Laurel Road believes this as well and has constructed a network of over 150 affinity partners with whom they are the preferred provider to these targeted client segments. The winning formula for clients, partners in Laurel Road matches our model and our clients, the way we at Key approach this business. Over the past several years, we have spent significant time, developing a distinctive partner capability. In that process, we have interacted with many different fintech teams and other potential partners. And to-date, we have not yet found a business model or a management team with whom we are this closely aligned, which was a critical factor in our desire to engage in this transaction as well as the alignment with our relationship strategy targeted in an attractive and complementary client segment. And with that, let me turn the call over to Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you, Beth. And I'm now on slide six. As Beth said, we reported fourth quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.45 per common share. Adjusting for two notable items, a pension settlement charge and cost related to our efficiency initiative, primarily severance, earnings per share was $0.48. Our adjusted results compared to the $0.36 per share in the year ago period and $0.45 in the third quarter. The severance cost this quarter which totaled $24 million was due to early actions taken to achieve or $200 million cost savings target and reach our cash efficiency ratio goal of 54% to 56% by the second half of 2019. I will cover many of the remaining items on this slide in the rest of my presentation. So, I'm now turning to slide seven. Total average loans of $89 billion were up 4% from the fourth quarter of last year, driven by growth in commercial and industrial loans, which were up 9%. Linked quarter growth in average balances was primarily from commercial industrial loans as well as commercial real estate. Importantly, our growth continues to be driven by building and expanding core middle market relationships in our targeted areas. Our business model positions us to offer our clients a wide range of financing alternatives, both on and off balance sheet. In 2018, approximately 16% of the total capital we raised for our clients went on to Key’s balance sheet. Our C&I lending continues to be broad-based, done through our footprint as well as our targeted industry verticals. Commercial real estate where we saw some balance sheet growth this quarter is primarily an originate-to-distribute model that drives fee income and strong returns while providing flexibility in managing portfolio risk. In the fourth quarter, we placed $5 billion of commercial mortgage loans in the market and a total of over $13 billion for the full-year 2018. In 2019, we expect to continue to grow loan balances as we support our relationship clients. The tone and sentiment with our clients remains positive and our pipelines remain solid. That said, we remain committed to our moderate risk profile and we will continue to walk away from business that does meet our risk parameters. Continuing on the slide eight. Average deposits totaled $108 billion for the fourth quarter of 2018, up $2.3 billion or 2% on annualized compared to the third quarter, and up 4% from the same period one year prior. The cost of our total deposits was up 11 basis points from the third quarter, reflecting higher interest rates as well as the continued migration of our portfolio in the higher yielding products. Growing deposits and being core funded remains foundational to the way that we run our business. We experienced strong deposit growth this quarter, both consumer and commercial by consciously using market rates in a very-targeted way to retain and deepen existing relationships with our best clients. As important, we are not acquiring new rate sensitive deposits only business. As expected, our deposit betas continued to move higher. The incremental beta in the fourth quarter was 60%, bringing our cumulative beta to 33%. On a linked quarter basis, deposit growth was primarily driven by the penetration of our existing retail and commercial relationships as well as short-term and seasonal deposit inflows. We continue to have a strong, stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for 61% of our total deposit mix. Turning to slide nine. Taxable equivalent net interest income was just over $1 billion for the fourth quarter 2018 and net interest margin was 3.16%. These results compared to taxable equivalent net interest income of $952 million and a net interest margin of 3.09% for the fourth quarter of 2017, and $993 million and 3.18% in the third quarter. Purchase accounting accretion contributed $23 million or 7 basis points to our fourth quarter results, this compared to $26 million or 9 basis points in the third quarter, and $38 million or 12 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2017. Excluding purchase accounting accretion, net interest income was up $71 million or 8% from the fourth quarter 2017. The increase was largely driven by earning asset growth and our positioning to benefit from higher interest rates. Net interest income excluding purchase accounting accretion increased $18 million or 2% from a prior quarter, benefiting from earning asset growth and higher loan fees, partially offset by higher deposit betas. The net interest margin was negatively impacted by deposit growth exceeding loan growth for the quarter and excess funds were deployed into the investment portfolio. Moving onto slide 10. Key's non-interest income was $645 million for the fourth quarter 2018, compared to $656 million for the year-ago quarter and $609 million from the prior period. Comparison from a year-ago period reflects record results for investment banking and debt placement fees in the fourth quarter of 2017 and the sale of our insurance business in the second quarter of 2018. We continue to see positive momentum in many of our fee-based businesses with linked-quarter increases and trust and investment services, investment banking and debt placement fees and corporate services. That said, investment banking and debt placement fees achieved a new record level in 2018 as we continue to experience strong growth across our capital markets platform. In the fourth quarter, our results benefited from strength in our commercial mortgage and M&A advisory. Corporate services income increased as well, reflecting higher derivatives and trading income, and trust and investment services income grew, largely due to stronger brokerage commissions. Turning to slide 11. Fourth quarter non-interest expense was $1.012 billion or $971 million excluding notable items consisting of a $17 million pension settlement charge and $24 million of efficiency-related expenses. This compared with $1.098 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017, which included $85 million in notable items and $964 million in the prior quarter. The table on the bottom left side of the slide breaks out the notable items incurred in both the current and year-ago periods. Compared to the prior quarter, noninterest expense increased $48 million on a reported basis or $7 million excluding notable items. This $7 million increase reflects higher business services and professional fees and higher other expense, partially offset by the elimination of a quarterly FDIC surcharge. Business services and professional fees reflect a number of corporate initiatives related to CECL, our payments business and technology enhancements. Over half of the increase in other expense related to the pension settlement. Other expense in the fourth quarter also included higher operational losses, insurance reserves, and additional investment in our payments business, along with other seasonally elevated expenses. As Beth said, we remain committed to our $200 million cost savings target this year, and reducing reported expenses by low single-digit range. We expect to reach our cash efficiency ratio target of 54% to 56% by the second half of the year. Moving on to slide 12. Our credit quality remains strong, and we continue to be consistent and disciplined in our underwriting. Net charge-offs were $60 million or 27 basis points of average total loans in the fourth quarter, which continues to be below our over-the-cycle range of 40 to 60 basis points. The provision for credit losses was $59 million for the quarter. As expected, nonperforming loans were down this quarter with NPLs declining by $103 million from the prior quarter and now represents 61 basis points of period-end loans. Other leading indicators, such as criticized loans and delinquencies, all showed improvement this quarter. Turning to slide 13. Capital also remains the strength of our Company with the common equity Tier 1 ratio at the end of the fourth quarter of 9.92%. As Beth mentioned earlier, we have remained true to our capital priorities, including returning a significant amount to our shareholders. Quarterly common share dividend increased by 62% over the past year from $0.105 to $0.17 per share. And we continue to repurchase common shares, which totaled $278 million this quarter and over $1.1 billion for the full-year 2018. On slide 14, we've provided our outlook for 2019. This builds on our performance in 2018 and reflects our expectations for another year of strong positive operating leverage and continued momentum across our Company. Average loan balances were expected to increase to the $90 billion to $91 billion range, once again driven by our commercial businesses. Average deposits should continue to grow, reaching the $108 billion to $109 billion range. Net interest income should be in the $4.0 billion to $4.1 billion range. And our outlook assumes no interest rate increases in 2019. We expect that noninterest income will be in the range of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion with growth in most of our core fee-based businesses. We also look for another year of growth in our investment banking and debt placement business. Additionally, we expect noninterest expense to be down low-single-digits from a reported 2018 level, in the range of $3.85 billion to $3.95 billion. This range includes a realization of the $200 million in runaway cost savings and reaching our targeted cash efficiency ratio of 54% to 56% in the second half of the year. Keep in mind, the outlook includes the impact of our Laurel Road acquisition, which adds approximately $50 million to the range. We see nothing on the horizon that changes our expectations on credit quality with net charge-off and provision expense remaining below our targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points. Our loss loan provision should slightly exceed our level of net charge-offs to provide for loan growth. And our GAAP tax rate should increased slightly to the range of 18% to 19%. Our guidance also assumes some variability over the course of the year. First quarter will reflect an expected decline related to seasonality including a lower day count and customary step down in capital markets activity from strong fourth quarter levels. Additionally, first quarter carries an increase to the employee benefits costs, which will elevate personnel expense by about $30 million. Our guidance also includes the impact from Laurel Road acquisition as Beth discussed. Laurel Road, as mentioned earlier, we'll add less than $50 million to both income and expense in 2019 and will be dilutive by approximately $0.02 for the year and accretive thereafter. The near-term dilution reflects a change from their gain-on-sale model to our plans to place these attractive loans on our balance sheet. With the expected mid-year closing and the gradual build-up of our loan balances in the second half, it will also have a very-modest impact on our full-year loan growth. While adding slightly to our efficiency ratio in the first year, it does not change our commitment to reach our cash efficiency ratio target of the 54% to 56% in the second half of 2019. Overall, 2019 should be another good year for Key, building on our momentum with strong operating leverage, focused risk management and continuing EPS growth. On the bottom of the slide are our long-term targets. We are already operating within the range of 3 of the 4 measures and believe we will reach our efficiency ratio during the year. That said, we have significant upside remaining to improve returns and deliver value to our shareholders. We remain confident in our ability to continue to move toward the top tier of our peer group and believe over time, the market will recognize our progress and improved results. I’ll now turn the presentation back over to Beth.
Beth Mooney: Thanks, Don. And before moving to the Q&A, I'll make a few closing comments. Despite the volatility that was experienced late in the year, I am pleased with our results and the momentum we have and share Don’s confidence in our outlook. Over the past several years, we have made incredible progress across our Company and we have delivered a step change in our financial performance. And we are now approaching peer leading levels of return while remaining disciplined with risk and capital. In the fourth quarter, we increased our return on tangible common equity target to 16% to 19%. And as Don pointed out, we remain on a path to achieve our long-term targets. Our stock valuation however does not reflect our stronger performance, competitive positioning and improved risk profile. We continue to believe that Key offers a compelling investment opportunity, given our track record and focus on sound, profitable growth supported by a dividend yield of over 4%. I remain optimistic about Key's future, and I'm proud of the momentum and accomplishments of our team in 2018. And as we look forward, we are well-positioned to grow revenue, to control and reduce expenses, manage risk, drive further efficiency improvements, and ultimately drive higher returns for our shareholders. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And first from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everyone.
Beth Mooney: Good morning. 
Scott Siefers: Hey. Don, quick question just on the cost outlook, a lot of moving parts this year. You guys typically have I guess more seasonality in the quarterly cost base, just to begin with, given the investment banking component. And we're layering in the acquisition, but then you have the cost savings. So, I was just hoping you could maybe give a little more color on how you would expect the quarterly base to kind of traject the flow throughout the year. In other words, is there a quarter like the 2Q that represents high-water mark and then we start to come down or would the fourth quarter be the low water mark for the year and that we get the run rate cost savings, and how do you see that all panning out?
Don Kimble: Great. And like you said, there are number of moving parts. One, we did highlight the first quarter; we do expect to see a pick-up in expenses, reflecting the $30 million of higher benefit cost. Now, that would be offset slightly by the impact that we expect investment banking to have placement fees be lower in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter, which tends to be high point. But, those two items will impact the first quarter. Or as our continuous improvement, our efficiency improvements we’re making, we should see some small amounts come through in the first quarter, start to build in the second quarter, and really for the second half of next year majority of those $200 million in run rate should be reflected in our expense levels. And so, we would expect to see the improvements come through there. Laurel Road, we talked about having an acquisition in mid-year of ‘19, and that really is what drives that roughly $50 million in expenses. And so, you would see that in the second half of the year. So, that would minimize some the bottom line reduction as far as expenses that we will be achieving on expense savings, but still would -- in my mind show probably the low point in expenses being in third quarter and fourth quarter being up a little bit just to reflect the seasonality we typically see in our capital markets related revenues really typically be stronger. But, again, I think those all combined still get us to that 54% to 56% efficiency ratio range in the second half of the year. 
Scott Siefers: Okay. That's perfect. Thank you for that. And then, just a quick question on the margin outlook. So, you had little liquidity build that you discussed. In the slide presentation, you note that some of the deposit inflows were kind of short-term and/or seasonal. So, one, how does that all play out? I imagine some of that’s securities portfolio that comes down if the deposits are indeed seasonal. But, would that allow the margin, maybe to see a little lift here in the near-term, as an offset?
Don Kimble: We would say that our margin outlook for ‘19 would be relatively stable with what we're seeing for ‘18. And I think ‘18, we're at 3.17 for the full year and 3.16 for the fourth quarter. And so, they're both pretty tight already. But, we do think that there could be a little bit of improvement in the overall liquidity positions. But, right now, our guidance would suggest the deposit growth with about equal loan growth. And so, we don't see a significant change in the overall liquidity position. And we're not also including any assumed rate increases for ‘19. And so, we wouldn't see a lot of lift from that either.
Operator: Next, we go to Peter Winter with Wedbush. Please go ahead. 
Peter Winter: Good morning. 
Beth Mooney: Good morning. 
Peter Winter: I was just wondering, when I look at the loan growth in the fourth quarter, it was more broad-based than what we've seen in the past, which was more reliant on C&I. I’m just wondering if you can give some color behind the change, and do you think that’s sustainable going forward?
Don Kimble: I think if you're looking at average balances, Peter, that you would see a growth in commercial real estate. And what you would have seen is some of the building of the portfolio in the third quarter going into the fourth quarter for some of the loan sales we typically have. And we talked about for the quarter we sold about $5 billion worth of commercial real estate balances. And on slide 21 -- or page 21 of the earnings press release, you can see that for the quarter, our total loan sales were $5.5 billion. And that's quite a statement, given the challenge in the markets and what we're able to accomplish for our customers. And so, it was more of a timing issue for that commercial real estate balance. But, we continue to see some growth in consumer categories, mainly the indirect auto. And our expectation is as we integrate with Laurel Road, we'll start to see some other components of loan growth there as well and later ‘19 also.
Peter Winter: And just a follow-up. Can you talk about maybe some potential flexibility you might have to fund loan growth? The loan to deposit ratio has been steady. I'm just wondering if you would let that kind of trend upward or maybe use securities and excess liquidity to maybe fund some of the loan growth and putting some less pressure on deposit costs.
Don Kimble: Good question. And I would say that we are very-focused on having our balance sheet core funded. And we're doing that through growth in our deposits with our existing customers. And so, we're not out there trying to get wholesale deposits that -- and more of a digital channel base. So, we're growing those with our existing customers and adding to those relationships, deepening those relationships on the deposit side. And we continue to do that. And our outlook, as I mentioned, would suggest that loan growth and deposit growth are about equal for next year, and we like it that way. Now, my preference longer term is to have a little bit higher loan-to-deposit ratio and have less liquidity on the balance sheet to put near term. We're not seeing that in our outlook.
Operator: Our next question is from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
John Pancari: Good morning. 
Don Kimble: Good morning.
John Pancari: On the loan growth. Just looking at the commercial trends, end of period versus average, it doesn't appear that you saw a lot of a benefit at all from the capital markets seizing up in December. Some of the other regionals have seen some benefit from that. Did you -- could you just talk about it, if you saw that at all, if that could impact the outlook at all? Thanks.
Chris Gorman: John, it's Chris. We actually did not get the benefit of that impact. As we look across our book, our clients are doing very well. Some of our clients actually at the end of the year paid down part of their loans. And as Don mentioned, we had a really, really strong quarter as we moved $5.5 billion of financings off our balance sheet. So, we did not see a pickup in loan balances, based on what was going on in the capital markets.
John Pancari: That's helpful. And then, just to confirm one thing on the expense side. I'm pretty much sure I know the answer here. But, the midpoint of your expense guidance of about -- for 2019 of about $3.9 billion, that’s up a bit from the midpoint of what you implied of your range that you gave coming out of your Investor Day, about 3.85. And that change is mainly the Laurel Road -- incorporating the Laurel Road. Is that correct?
Don Kimble: 100% of the gap, yes. Laurel Road adds about $50 million to our expense base outlook for 2019.
John Pancari: On an annual basis? Okay.
Don Kimble: It’s for the -- the full-year impact of ‘19. If you look at Laurel Road for an entire year, it would be north of that $50 million number.
John Pancari: Got it. But, your cash efficiency ratio range remains intact, because you're also dialing in the revenue impact from Laurel Road, correct?
Don Kimble: That is correct.
John Pancari: And what is that, how much is the revenue?
Don Kimble: Well, what we said is that we expect Laurel Road to be about $0.02 dilutive. And so for that $50 million and revenue -- or excuse me, expenses, it would imply about a $20 million revenue number for the year. And the reason for that gap is we're converting it from a sale model or loan sale model to retain type of model.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay, thank you. Then lastly, on the credit side, you're charge-off guidance still for well below the -- or below the 40 to 60 through cycle basis-point range for charge-offs. Can you give us little more color? I mean, how long you think it'll turn below that when you look at the portfolio? And why not get more specific at this point in the cycle in terms of your charge-off guidance?
Don Kimble: I would say that as we look at our portfolio today that it’s still very, very good, very solid. And in this last quarter, we talked about our non-performing loans being down; our criticized and classified loans were down $300 million to $400 million as well. And so, we're seeing continued improvement in the trends there. And so, we don't see anything that would change significantly from where we're at now. I'd say, as far as down the road, multiple years, I don’t know, Mark, do you have any insights or thoughts you'd add to that?
Mark Midkiff: I only would add that we're obviously at a very low level, and continue to be at a low level as we kind of move into ‘19.
Don Kimble: And we're just not seeing early indicators that would suggest that’s going to change anytime soon. So, I'd be reluctant to put a timeline out there.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe: I guess kind of a follow-up on Laurel Road acquisition. I just want to make sure I fully understand this. So, they no longer do gain on sale. So, everything that they originate, presumably, I'm going to say 100% student lending, that goes onto your balance sheet and that I guess new balance sheet growth drive this $20 million this year of revenues. And then does it just continue to layer on as you grow that? And then kind of what size or target balances would you expect over the next year or two or three?
Don Kimble: Put things in perspective there a little bit that Laurel Road originated about $1.2 billion in total loans this past year. And I would say that the credit quality and the nature of those loans, and more importantly the nature of those relationships we think are consistent with our targeted customer base and we’re very excited about that. And it goes beyond just the student loans as well that they've already implemented a mortgage lending capability and they've looked at other products that could add to that offering as well. And so, it really is more of a relationship strategy for us than just the student loan origination. So, we do believe that we’ll continue to have the opportunity to put those on balance sheet and we'll see that annuity continue to build as that portfolio continues to mature and develop over the next couple of years.
Ken Zerbe: Got you. Okay. And would you anticipate continuing any part of the gain on sale model or is…
Don Kimble: I think that's an option for us. And I would say that where we see a good quality relationship, we’ll probably retain it. But one of the things we talk about is their ability to originate mortgage loans. And if it's a conforming mortgage loan that we will probably sell that in the secondary market, like we do with our existing portfolio. So, I think that's more of our approach going forward.
Ken Zerbe: And in terms of the yields that you would get on these new originations, like how do they compare versus your current portfolio yields? Where are they at generally?
Don Kimble: I would say, generally, they're a little stronger than some of our consumer loan yields today. And I think it provides a nice upside for us.
Ken Zerbe: And then, just really last question. In terms of the tax rate, it looks like it jumped up about -- sorry, for your guidance, looks like it’s about 2 percentage points higher than where it was this year. Any reason for that?
Don Kimble: I would say that the primary driver there is an outlook for a lower tax credits from some of the business models we've deployed in the past. And so, it's just a slower rate of that. And also with the higher level of earnings, the incremental earnings growth is really taxed at the marginal rate, and that helps drive that tax rate up as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt O’Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O’Connor: I guess, I thought -- I would have thought the expense outlook, at least the high-end might have been a little bit lower, because if we look at it versus this year, it implies relatively flat costs. I know you've got the acquisition that adds 50, but you also have about 70 million of one-timers this year that you called out. So, it just seems like, if you kind of adjust all those things, the high-end of your expense outlook is for relatively flat costs. And I can appreciate that some of the initiatives are stated in or phased in kind of throughout the year. But, just from Investor Day, it seemed like there was real effort to shrink the cost base on a full-year basis.
Don Kimble: There clearly is that effort, Matt, looking -- and we'll go back and look at the math on that. But my math would have shown that even on the high end, we've been down about 1%, and at the low-end, we would be down about 3%. So, we think that's right in the ZIP code of what we talked at Investor Day. But, I can confirm that, Matt.
Matt O’Connor: And then, just a swing factor of that $100 million, is it just on depending on what revenues are, or do you have a scenario where at the high-end of your revenue range, and the low-end of the expense range, if you can realize all your cost savings?
Don Kimble: I would say the primary driver of movement within that range is tied to the revenue growth, and what we're seeing from movement in the markets and also from our core business model. So, what we’ve talked about in the past is that we can adjust that expense based on what we're seeing as far as the economic outlook and what we see as the revenue growth. And part of that expense base does assume a reinvestment back in the business. And that's one of the levers that we can pull is to slow that investment if we don't see the kind of upside from -- vantage from those investments.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: To start on deposits, if we look at the 108 billion to $109 billion guidance for deposits, Don, what's the underlying assumption for non-interest bearing deposits in that guidance?
Don Kimble: The assumption there is we would continue to see some slight reductions in those balances throughout the next year. And that's primarily in the commercial side where we continue to see those customers migrating more of their deposit mix over to the interest-bearing as opposed to non-interest bearing. I think this year, we saw 1% to 2% kind of decline. And I would say, it’s something along those lines and probably consistent with our outlook for next year.
Steven Alexopoulos: And then, when we look at the expense guides, are there any additional efficiency related charges such as severance included in this guidance or is this operating guidance?
Don Kimble: This is operating guidance that we wouldn't expect those efficiencies charges to be significant for next year. We would probably see something continue about the same level of the notable items we have this quarter throughout the first half of next year.
Steven Alexopoulos: And then, finally, so you guys have been cutting expenses obviously for many years. How much longer do you think you can run with expenses in this flat to down pattern? Once we get past the $200 million, is there wood left to chop or do expenses start drifting higher at that point?
Don Kimble: You must have been talking to some of our line managers, try to push back on some of the targets. But, I would say that generally many of these savings are really taking a look at how we can make our existing processes and workflows more efficient, and going from this customer back office and seeing how we can either use technology to help achieve those or just process redesign. And this $200 million will pull out a chunk of those but we still believe there is still ammunition left to use for that. The other thing is that even though this $200 million does include some acceleration as far as from the branch consolidations, just because of the changes in our consumer behaviors that we still think that they'll be on -- continue to provide some efficiencies from right-sizing that branch distribution as well.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And that’s sounds like 2020 guidance, but it sounds like even beyond the second half, there's still room for you guys to keep pretty significant downward pressure on expenses. Is that right?
Don Kimble: We can manage those, so we can continue to generate nice positive operating leverage in the future. You're right.
Beth Mooney: And Steve, we talk about it and have talked about it publicly, as journey of continuous improvement. And as you think about how we’re aligned, how we go to market, technology, digitization of the enterprise, process improvement, all these are things that will be continually part of our focus. This is not a one and done.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, great. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: The next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: Sorry to reask Matt’s question another way. I’m just trying to figure out why the stock got down when the market opened. So, in terms of your outlook, it seems like consensus is at the lower end of your net interest income range, at the midpoint of your fee income range, and at the low end of your expense range. And I guess, I just wanted to confirm that that's fair. And so, any move up in the range on expenses will have to do with better revenues?
Don Kimble: I would say that as far as our outlook, one thing that consensus would not have reflected was Laurel Road. And we talked about there’d be a slight dilution from that of $0.02 a share. And our expense guidance, again, the range is more tied to what we would see from a revenue perspective. And so, if revenues are up, we would expect to probably at the higher end of the range, given some the cost to support that.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And regarding Laurel Road, I think, if you get the question, is really now the time to layer in consumer risk on your balance sheet given that we're late cycle, Beth, you write-off some the statistics in terms of income and FICO that were quite compelling. I'm wondering sort of what additional layers in terms of underwriting do you plan to -- due to enhanced, the process Laurel Road has today, especially as you're going to go to a retention model rather than originating sale.
Mark Midkiff: I would offer -- this is Mark Midkiff. I would just offer that we do think that what we've seen at the underwriting is very sound and very complementary but obviously will be under our lens and our buy box. And I think that will be very focused around relationship where we get just better overall credit performance than when you're working at a transactional level. So, that will be an enhancement. And of course, we've looked at this on a stress basis and feel very comfortable overall relative to our risk appetite as well. It’s just kind of a normal ongoing outlook for losses in that business.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just one more question, if I can. Beth, you noted strong dividend growth of 62%. Given where your stock price is trading relative to your return potential, I'm wondering if your CCAR ask for 2018 -- sorry 2019 would perhaps be more focused on buyback than dividend growth.
Beth Mooney: Erika, obviously, we are in the early days of starting to look at CCAR 2019. And we have always been talking over the last couple of years of supporting dividend growth, and this year we were approaching that 40% dividend target payout ratio. But, we will definitely look at the mix and make sure that whatever we choose for this year's capital return that we are really optimizing our use of capital for our shareholders and that would be a consideration.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And one more, if I can. As we think about first quarter trust and investment management income, fees rather, Don, I'm wondering there’s like a 9% step down in AUM. I'm wondering what the stepdown would be in the first quarter to reflect that stepdown in AUM?
Don Kimble: We could see some very modest pressure on that line item for first quarter, but generally in line with what were shown in the fourth quarter levels.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Could you give us some thoughts on the investment banking and debt placements line? How do you think that could evolve across a range of scenarios, one where we kind of stay in tough markets like we encountered in December, and then, another, where we get something more akin to what was experienced over the last few years?
Chris Gorman: This is Chris Gorman speaking. So, that's a line that we're really proud of fact that we've been able to consistently grow over the last decade. Obviously, it's market-dependent. As we see the markets right now and as the markets are currently functioning, we believe we will continue to grow that business in 2019 as well. That's a business that we grew -- we grew that top-line this year 8% in a down market. If you go back to 2015, we've grown that line 46%. So, it's a business that is based on client relationships; it's based on serving clients; it's based on serving many of the same clients many times. So, we feel good about where we're positioned with respect to our investment banking and debt placement line. The interesting thing, if the markets seize up a bit, that's when it could get more interesting for us in terms of opportunities to put things on the balance sheet and serve our clients.
Mark Midkiff: As Don mentioned in his comments, we only put about 16% of the capital we raised last year on our balance sheet.
Beth Mooney: And I would just add that part of what I have always felt is a strength of our platform and some piece of how we look at our outlook against investment banking and debt placement fees. While market sensitive fees obviously is the breadth and depth of our platform, again, we have a broad range of capabilities and we are not dependent on a certain area of the markets. And given that it’s relationship based, midmarket, we do have the option to balance sheet but we also can do a variety of things across advisory fees for M&A. We do loan syndication, debt placements, equity raises, sponsors, we do -- in our commercial mortgage business we have such a breadth in that platform that we really do have confidence that can generally produce those kinds of results.
Geoffrey Elliott: Thanks. And then, if I could squeeze in a quick one on Laurel Road. I guess, there is quite a few banks who’ve got similar sorts of businesses, Citizens has got something, First Republic's got something. SoFi isn’t a bank, but I think is active in that space. What is it that makes Laurel Road different from those other platforms out there that at high level it kind of feels like the customer bases is the same 33-year old doctor or dentist with good FICO?
Beth Mooney: We anticipated that we might have an opportunity to speak more holistically about the strategic fit as well as the strength of this platform and why we found it attractive. So, I have asked Clark Khayat, who is in the room and really spearheaded this transaction for us and spoke to this at our Investor Day. I'm going to ask Clark to share. We are very excited and think this is a highly disruptive not only demographic but relationship based and differentiated platform. And with that I'm going to identify that Clark is in the room and ask him to take that question.
Clark Khayat: Thanks, Beth. So, I guess I’d answer it a couple of ways. One, as we talked about in October, we hit on a couple themes, two of which were distinctive platforms, the other was targeted scale. So on the distinctive platform front, this is a very compelling end-to-end digital platform. So, contrary to many others, it's not just the digital entry point, it is legitimately end-to-end, highly efficient, highly customer oriented. And just as a side note, they enjoy NPS scores on a consumer side that are high 60s, low 70s, which are numbers that frankly most banks just do not enjoy. And that is a function of the process and flow and experience they've built on this end-to-end platform. So, we do think that is quite distinctive relative to others. You noted the customer focus and we've talked to targeted scale by identifying client segments with whom we want to do business. This one we do think is different than most, even though others may reflect those sort of demographics. And I think a fair bit of this is driven by a very extensive partner network they've built that positions them as sort of partners with these trade associations, member entities, other groups to talk directly to those end users in a way that we think is quite distinctive to the way a broad, mass market business might work. So, there's more to that. But I think to your question, those two points in particular I think were the most compelling to us and give us confidence that that we not only like this customer base but that we have the opportunity to continue to grow it intelligently, leverage the partnership network they’ve built. And then, as Beth noted, they have begun to build an extension of products for these clients based largely on the clients asking for them. So, the opportunity to not only be a compelling single product provider but then to build sustainable, durable and long-term relationships that are more broad-based across product sets with this attractive client basis is another thing that's very consistent with our relationship strategy. So, we just think the complement to the way Key thinks about its businesses and the way Laurel Road has built this platform, we just haven't seen ones that are as consistent and compelling as this for us.
Geoffrey Elliott: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Hey. Good morning. Look, I hate to beat a dead horse with the expenses. But, I think the communication on the guidance is really important. So, Don, when you say low-single-digit decline, I assume you're basing that off the GAAP reported number of $3,975 million. Is that correct?
Don Kimble: That's correct. Yes.
Saul Martinez: Okay. So, during the course of the year, you called out about $75 million of non-core items. You have next year about $36 million, by my calculation, or $35 million, something like that of FDIC expense charges that are not going to be there. So, those two things alone get you to about $110 million. Obviously, you have the Laurel Road of $50 million. But, net-net, it looks like on an operating basis, the core number is closer to like 3.9, 3.91, [ph] which kind of suggests that your guidance isn’t really -- doesn't imply any reduction in expenses, if you use the midpoint of the range. So, I guess, my question is, what am I missing in terms of the moving parts? Because, like I said, if you kind of make these adjustments, it doesn't seem like there's any real reduction on a nominal dollar basis, on an operating basis?
Don Kimble: Take $3.975 billion for the full year and backup the one-time charges, and then add to that $50 million for Laurel Road, it’s $3.925 billion. I'd say that the midpoint of our range would be about 2% below that. So, I think that we are showing reductions in the non-interest expense. And as we highlighted at the Investor Day that that one -- the low-single-digit decline also reflected the benefits of the FDIC special assessment reduction.
Saul Martinez: It just doesn't seem like it's all that impressive, the midpoint versus kind of the core number, but fine. I guess, just second question, the -- just to change gears a little bit. Obviously, a lot of attention in the market on leverage loans, and can you just remind us how much of your exposures here, how you manage risks? How you manage your exposures either -- both as a lender and any indirect exposures you may have through other CLOs or BDCs or anything like that?
Chris Gorman: Sure. This is Chris. Let me address kind of how we approach the leverage finance business. First of all, we are focused exclusively on the industries in which we play. So, we know exactly who we want to do business with. In terms of that portfolio, it's about 1.8% of our assets and it's a portfolio that has a lot of visibility and a lot of velocity. We feel really good about that portfolio, based on all the metrics and frankly all the time we spend looking at it. So, it's a portfolio that has been flat literally since before we grew our asset base by 40% when we bought First Niagara. Mark, would you add anything?
Beth Mooney: And I would just add, it is client based, it’s our capital markets business, we manage it to be a fixed amount. We do not allow it to grow, we recycle capital within that. Mark will talk about some of the credit attributes, but it is therefore eight client relationships where we are leading activities on behalf of our capital markets, and we manage it very rigorously. And it is a very small portfolio relative to our balance sheet.
Mark Midkiff: Yes. And it’s -- I would only add consisted -- in terms of fundings, it hasn't moved around a lot. We haven't changed market. It is relationship-based, as Chris said. And then, as Beth said, recycle capital, but also very consistent in terms of leverage turns, debt-to-EBITDA, leverage has been very consistent and stable for a long time.
Beth Mooney: And we said that portfolio is $2 billion or less at any given time.
Operator: Next question is from Terry McEvoy with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Terry McEvoy: Good morning, everyone. A question on Laurel Road, if that business does a $1.2 billion of originations like it did last year and all of it’s held under balance sheet, does it swing from 2% dilutive to something accretive at that point? Or maybe asked another way, what's the breakeven size in terms of balance sheet size for that business to contribute to the bottom line?
Don Kimble: What we've said, I think just was the assumption that we acquired at midyear that we'd only have a half year’s worth of production next year and we would expect it to be accretive in 2020 and beyond. So, it's a fairly short window, as far as the dilution impact to the acquisition.
Terry McEvoy: And then, how does Laurel Road potentially change your tech spending budget, which I think from your Investor Day was $700 million, $800 million? Were you investing in student platform? And is that platform scalable or something with their technology that can be utilized at Key to offset some of the tech spending expected this year?
Don Kimble: Part of the $50 million in expenses that we're assuming as far as the increase is really continuing to have Laurel Road maintain the same kind of pace of investment they've been making from the digital platform. And we'll continue to include that in our assumptions going forward.
Operator: And we’ll go to David Long with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
David Long: Good morning, everyone. Maybe my first question for Chris. Just the discussions that you're having with your larger corporate customers related to using Key’s balance sheet versus the capital markets, has there been a change in tone in those conversations over the last few months?
Chris Gorman: David, there really haven't been. I mean, when we are out talking to our clients and our prospects, we're constantly figuring out what is the optimal approach for them to take. And those discussions really haven't changed markedly in the last several months. Obviously, there were periods of time in December where markets were dislocated and people were putting off deals. But, the strategic discussions that we're having with our clients are ongoing and they're constructive.
David Long: Got it. Thanks for that color. And then, Don, not to beat a dead horse again on the expenses, but the guidance that you've given with the efficiency, that cash efficiency ratio target, that's based on an operating or core basis, not on a GAAP basis. Is that accurate?
Don Kimble: We would say that for the second half of the year that we shouldn't have a lot of notable items. So, our expectation is that they should be one and the same for the second half the year as far as the efficiency ratio.
Operator: Next question is from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: So, help me with my thinking, I almost see a contrast. So, most of the largest banks are expanding digital consumer banking outside of their footprint, right, Citigroup, JPMorgan, Bank of America, PNC, U.S. Bancorp. And just remind us where you are in expanding with digital banking outside your footprint. And on the other hand, now you have Laurel Road, which is leading with consumer lending and looking to go from a single product to multiple product relationships. So, I’m wondering you have gathering deposits out of footprint by a lot of your competitors and now you're going to be trying to leverage lending outside of your footprint, perhaps you get more deposits or just help me with that thinking.
Clark Khayat: Hey, Mike, it’s Clark Khayat. So, as Don said earlier, and I think this is the most critical point to hit, we are really focused on being core funded. So, we are not looking to use this platform or frankly or any other platform at this time to drive out of footprint deposits for the sake of deposit. So, we would, as you noted, sort of use the Laurel Road platform out of footprint to drive consumer relationships and lending and where it make sense, continue to expand that relationship with the deposit but we want the deposit in the case where we have a broader relationship with that client. So, but, we continue to think about supporting client relationships with deposits. We did that we think very effectively in the fourth quarter. And as we move forward, whether it's in footprint or out of footprint, we do have lot of commercial clients outside of the footprint today, the branch footprint. We would continue to look to raise deposits, as long as those clients have broader relationships.
Mike Mayo: And then, I guess, Don or Beth, what is the impact that you're seeing in your markets from the other large banks expanding into your MSAs with digital banking? And I guess, you're not really seeing anything yet, but there is that threat you'll see more competition today over the next five years. Are you worried about that, are you preparing for that, are you looking to strike back with more efforts of your own?
Beth Mooney: Well, clearly, we are developing our own digital banking capabilities for our own clients. So, this is not where we would gap relative to the offerings that we see of other banks coming into the market who come in a digital only platform. And we would certainly have every product and capability for own clients in addition to a branch network in addition to our brand that we have in our markets. So, we feel well positioned. And we will continue to invest in our digital capabilities, this being Laurel Road as an example of where we do believe it accelerates our platform both from lending as well as the potential for deposit taking, and that we do believe in the near-term we see adequate core funding in our markets to support our strategies. And we compete very well because we certainly have the capabilities; we certainly have the ability to more broadly serve those clients. And so, we do not feel gaped in our capabilities.
Operator: And we'll go to Kevin Reevey with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Kevin Reevey: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Kevin Reevey: So, Beth, the follow-up on the last question related to mobile and digital. What kind of adoption rate do you see with your existing client base? I know you guys have made a lot of investments in that area.
Beth Mooney: Kevin, I don't have those numbers off the top of my head. So, I'll apologize for that. But, I do know that we've had very strong adoption and transactionally, as everyone has reported years ago, what happens in a branch versus what happens mobile and digitally those line crossed. And there is no growing back. It is clearly a customer preference to be able to transact their business. And you may recall, several years ago with First Niagara, in advance of that integration, we deployed all new customer portals across every -- from commercial to consumer to our private banking clients to new digital platform that enables that. And it is a very, very robust platform. Additionally, we have our financial wellness, which is a digital-led experience as well that we have consciously made sure interacts with our branch experience. But that platform was a digital -- and you may recall several years ago, we purchased HelloWallet to really help facilitate that. So, we have looked at this as how do we create not only the ability to transact in a mobile and digital world but also how can you have relationship attributes including advice and planning through our HelloWallet. So, it is an area where we are canting and following and making sure we support our customers’ preferences in that regard.
Don Kimble: We've even expanded it into business banking. So, as we think about digital, as we think about digital origination, as we think about wellness, we've taken the technology and the capabilities and expanded that in obviously into our business banking arena as well.
Kevin Reevey: And then, with that said, how are you thinking about looking at your branch network and rationalizing your brick and mortar footprint?
Chris Gorman: This is Chris. Last year, we took out 38 branches, I think this year 2009, (sic) [2019] you can expect us to really ramp up in that regard. We feel like we're pretty good at it. As we went through First Niagara, we rationalized the fleet. We think with the technology, with the digital capabilities that we have, we have the capability to keep our clients and thin out some of the branches. And you'll see us actually step that up this year over last year.
Kevin Reevey: And then one last question related to the government shutdown. Are you seeing any of the effects of that in your local markets at all?
Beth Mooney: At this point in time, we are not seeing the impacts broadly in our markets, but we have done a variety of measures to be able to make sure that we can both reactively and proactively support customers of ours who are impacted directly by the partial government shutdown. And we have targeted programs or special assistance for those who have various types of loans with us. We're aggressively waving fees and have introduced a loan product with a very low rate to help create liquidity for those who may be impacted by a disruption in their income. So, we are making sure that we too are in the banking landscape to be responsible to help support the employees that are impacted by the partial shutdown. But from a loan perspective from disruptions in markets more broadly, we are not yet seeing that.
Operator: And with no further questions, I'll turn it back to you, Ms. Mooney, for any closing comments.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for taking your time from your schedule to participate in our call today. And if you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Don Kimble - Chief Financial Officer Chris Gorman - President of Banking Mark Midkiff - Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Scott Siefers - Sandler O’Neill Peter Winter - Wedbush Securities Matt O’Connor - Deutsche Bank Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Ken Usdin - Jefferies John Pancari - Evercore ISI Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kevin Reevey - DA Davidson Mike Mayo - Wells Fargo Securities Saul Martinez - UBS Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s third quarter 2018 conference call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Beth Mooney. Please go ahead.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. In the room with me is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Gorman, President of Banking, and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question and answer segment of our call.  I’m now turning to Slide 3. We reported solid results this quarter with earnings per share of $0.45, up 2% from last quarter and almost 30% from the year-ago period. Our results drove improvement in our cash efficiency ratio, which was 58.7%, and our return on average common tangible equity was 16.8%, both up over 300 basis points from the year-ago period. Revenue was up 3% from last year driven by broad based growth across our company, with positive trends in our community bank and corporate bank. Our growth reflects the success of our business model, competitive positioning in the market, and investments we continue to make across the franchise. Average loans grew 2% from the prior year and were down slightly from the prior quarter. The decline in average balances were impacted by a lower starting point coming into the quarter. Importantly, we saw stronger commercial loan growth as we moved through the quarter, which is reflected in our period end balances which were up 1% from the prior quarter. We expect to see further growth in the fourth quarter, which Don will cover in his comments. Underlying trends in our fee-based businesses remain strong. Investment banking and debt placement fees grew compared to the prior quarter and year-ago period, reaching a new record for the trailing 12 months. Driving this quarter’s results were strong advisory and loan syndications as well as continued benefit from our acquisition of Cain Brothers.  We also continue to be disciplined with our expense management. This quarter, expenses were relatively stable after adjusting for merger-related charges in the year-ago period and from notable items last quarter, and we accomplished this despite the added costs from Cain Brothers acquisition and other investments that we continue to make in our business. We remain committed to further efficiency improvement and reaching our targeted range of 54 to 56%. The final two sections on this slide highlight our strong position in terms of both risk management and capital. Credit quality remains a strength with net charge-offs to loans of 27 basis points. We believe that maintaining our moderate risk profile will serve us well as we move through different parts of the credit cycle. Our approach to capital has remained consistent and focused on maintaining a strong capital position while returning a large portion of our earnings to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Consistent with our 2018 capital plan, our board of directors increased our common stock dividend by 42% to $0.17 per share in the third quarter. We also repurchased $542 million of common shares. Key’s common equity Tier 1 ratio ended the quarter at 9.9%. Overall, it was another good quarter for Key with broad based growth across our franchise. We continue to be disciplined with expenses while investing for growth and maintaining our credit underwriting standards. This resulted in strong bottom line performance which drove further improvement in both efficiency and returns, and we are positioned to build on our momentum as we move through the end of the year. As Don will discuss in his remarks, we expect to continue to deliver positive operating leverage in the fourth quarter driven by linked quarter revenue growth and relatively stable expense, which will result in our sixth consecutive year of positive operating leverage. Despite the recent sell-off in bank stocks, we remain positive about our long-term outlook and the steps we have taken to position the company to perform through the business cycle. Before I turn the call over to Don, I wanted to mention our upcoming investor day that we are hosting on October 30. The purpose of the event is to expand more on our business model, strategies and positioning, and to showcase our strong leadership team. If you are an analyst or an institutional investor and have not yet received an invitation, please contact our Investor Relations team. We are also making the event available to all of our important stakeholders through a live webcast that can be accessed through the IR webpage. With that, let me hand the call over to Don.
Don Kimble: Thanks Beth, and I’m on Slide 5.  As Beth said earlier, we recorded third quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.45 per common share. Our results compare to $0.32 per share in the year-ago period and $0.44 in the second quarter. I will cover many of the remaining items in the rest of my presentation, so I’m now turning to Page 6. Total average loans of $88.5 billion were up 2% from the prior year and down slightly from the prior quarter. Average balances were impacted by a lower starting point coming into the quarter and a continuation of low utilization levels and elevated pay downs. Importantly, we saw increased new business activity and positive momentum as we moved through the quarter, which was reflected in our period end linked quarter growth of 1% and commercial growth of almost 2%.  Clients remain optimistic and confident. Their businesses are performing well, increasing profits and generating sufficient cash to fund their business needs, resulting in lower demand than we would have expected earlier in this year. Despite this, our pipelines are strong and activity is up. As a result, we expect loan balances to be up in the fourth quarter on a low single digit percentage basis. Continuing on to Slide 7, average deposits totaled $106 billion for the third quarter of 2018, up $1.6 billion or 2% unannualized compared to the second quarter. The cost of our total deposits were up 10 basis points from the second quarter, reflecting the recent rate increases as well as the continued migration of our portfolio into higher yielding products. Our deposit beta for the current quarter was 52%, resulting in a cumulative beta of 29% which we expect to migrate higher over time.  On a linked quarter basis, deposit growth was primarily driven by retail and commercial relationships as well as short term and seasonal deposit inflows. We continue to have a strong, stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for over 60% of our total deposit mix.  Turning to Slide 8, taxable equivalent net interest income was $993 million for the third quarter of 2018. The net interest margin was 3.18%. These results compared to taxable equivalent net interest income of $962 million and a net interest margin of 3.15% for the third quarter of 2017, and $987 million and 3.19% in the second quarter of last year. Purchase accounting accretion contributed $26 million or 9 basis points to our third quarter results. This compares with $28 million, also 9 basis points in the second quarter, and $48 million or 16 basis points in the third quarter of 2017. Excluding purchase accounting accretion, net interest was up $53 million or 6% from the third quarter of 2017. The increase was largely driven by higher interest rates and earning asset growth. Net interest income increased $8 million or 1% from the prior quarter, excluding purchase accounting accretion, benefiting from higher interest rates and day count, partially offset by lower loan fees.  This quarter’s margin was negatively impacted by higher levels of liquidity as our cash position increased almost a billion dollars from last quarter. The higher level of liquidity reduced our margin by two basis points. Also during the quarter, the average one-month LIBOR would only increase 14 basis points compared to the 25 basis point increase in the Fed funds rate. If the one-month LIBOR had increased by 25 basis points, our net interest income would have been $5.5 million higher and the margin would have been 3.20%.  Moving on to Slide 9, Key’s non-interest income was $609 million for the third quarter of 2018 compared to $592 million for the year-ago quarter and down from $660 million in the prior period. Growth from the year-ago period was primarily driven by a $25 million increase in investment banking and debt placement fees related to strength in advisory fees, including the benefit of the acquisition of Cain Brothers, as well as organic growth. Operating lease and other leasing gains increased as well, related to higher volume and lease residual losses in the year-ago period. Compared to the prior quarter, the decline is largely due to the $78 million net gain on our insurance sale, which was recognized in other income last quarter. Trust and investment services income also declined, primarily reflecting the sale of Key insurance and benefit services. Partially offsetting these declines was a $41 million increase in operating lease income due to a lease residual loss in second quarter 2018. Investment banking and debt placement fees also increased a record trailing 12-month level of $664 million.  Turning to Slide 10, Key’s non-interest expense was $964 million for the third quarter 2018 compared to $992 million in the third quarter of 2017 and $993 million in the prior quarter, down 3% from both periods. The third quarter of 2017 included $36 million of merger-related charges. Excluding these charges, the slight expense growth from the year-ago period was largely related to acquisitions and investments over the year, including Cain Brothers. This growth offset the realization of cost savings and efficiencies across the entire franchise. Compared to the second quarter, the decrease in expenses was largely driven by a $33 million decline in personnel expense. This was driven in part by lower severance and incentive compensation expense related to efficiency-related charges last quarter. Importantly as we move toward the end of 2018 and into next year, we’re committed to continuous improvement in our efficiency efforts across the franchise. Moving onto Slide 11, our credit quality remains strong. Net charge-offs were $60 million or 27 basis points of average total loans in the third quarter, which continues to be below our target range. The provision for credit losses was $62 million for the quarter. Non-performing loans were up this quarter as a result of a few credits with no concentration by industry or type. NPLs represented 72 basis points of period end loans. Other leading indicators such as criticized loans and delinquencies all showed improvement this quarter. At June 30, 2018, our total reserve for loan losses represented 99 basis points of period end loans and 138% coverage of our non-performing loans. Turning to Slide 12, capital also remains a strength of the company with a common equity Tier 1 ratio at the end of the third quarter of 9.9%. As Beth mentioned earlier, in line with our 2018 capital plan, we increased our common share dividend by 42% this quarter from $0.12 a share to $0.17 a share. We also continued to repurchase shares, which totaled $542 million this quarter.  Slide 13 includes our outlook for the fourth quarter 2018 relative to the third quarter results as we build our momentum through the end of the year. We expect positive operating leverage driven by revenue growth and relatively stable expenses. We expect average loan balances to increase by a low single digit percentage in the range of 1 to 2% from the third quarter level of $88.5 billion. Deposits are expected to remain relatively stable with the third quarter. Net interest income is expected to be up in the low single digit range from the third quarter, again approximately 1 to 2%, and this reflects the benefits of the September rate increase. We also expect one more rate increase in December, which will have minimal impact in the fourth quarter. We would expect our margin to increase one to two basis points, assuming our liquidity position remains at the relatively same level. We anticipate that non-interest income will be up in the mid single digit range from the $609 million reported in the third quarter. Growth is expected from many of the fee income areas, especially investment banking and debt placement fees. As I mentioned, we continue to expect non-interest expense to be relatively stable with the third quarter amount of $964 million.  We had previously assumed a benefit from a reduction in the FDIC assessment during the fourth quarter, which is no longer included in our outlook for next quarter. We had also previously communicated that we would be approaching the high end of our efficiency ratio target by the end of the year. Continue to expect our efficiency ratio to improve in the fourth quarter from the third quarter level, but the absence of the FDIC benefit and the lower loan balances will impact the pace of our progress in the fourth quarter. As Beth communicated, we remain committed to our target efficiency ratio of 54 to 56% and would expect to be within this range in the second half of 2019. Net charge-offs and provision expense are expected to remain relatively stable with the third quarter, and we expect our GAAP tax rate to be in the range of 16 to 17%, up slightly from the third quarter level.  As Beth said, this was a solid quarter with continued growth across our franchise. We are benefiting from the results of our efforts to improve the efficiency and returns and look forward to continuing to deliver on the commitments we have made.  I’ll now turn the call back over to the Operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator instructions] First, from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Morning guys. 
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Scott Siefers: Don, appreciate the color on the margin guidance for next quarter, up one to two basis points. I guess I was a little surprised that the core wasn’t up this quarter. I guess maybe if you could just provide a little more color on the main puts and takes that you see affecting that margin rate, and then how your rate sensitivity plays off from here.
Don Kimble: You’re right - I think the margin was lower than what we would have expected as far as the percentage compared to coming into the quarter. For the third quarter, there were really two items that negatively impacted us this quarter. One was the liquidity levels, and as I mentioned, our cash position was up $900 million to $1 billion for the quarter, which cost us about two basis points in our margin. Didn’t have much of an impact on net interest income but did negatively impact the overall margin. The second piece was, and I mentioned this earlier, that the one-month LIBOR only went up 14 basis points this quarter, and so normally you would expect to see that move in parallel to the Fed funds rate, and if it would have, that would have added another two basis points to the margin or roughly $5.5 million. So as we look to the fourth quarter, we do expect to see more of a rate increase benefit like we would have expected this quarter, so probably a couple basis points being driven from that and very little pressure coming through the purchase accounting accretion.  Also keep in mind that our investment portfolio puts out about a $1.2 billion of cash flows each quarter and the reinvestment rate there is about 1.2 to 1.3% higher for those cash flows for the new go-to yields compared to what’s running off the portfolio as well, so that will also be helpful going into the fourth quarter.
Scott Siefers: Okay, that’s perfect, thank you. Maybe just as a quick follow-up on that, LIBOR, I guess we can sort of watch where that has moved so we know what the couple basis point impact would be. I think you had suggested--so liquidity levels, the guidance assumes they sort of stay the same. What would be the main deltas that would change liquidity levels? I imagine the pace of loan growth and demand would be a factor, but what would materially alter those levels?
Don Kimble: The only other impact that you didn’t cite really was deposit flows, and this quarter we did have some growth in some temporary deposits along with core growth, and so if that deposit growth outpaces loan growth, we’d see a build-up in our liquidity position. Not expecting that, but as we said, we expect loan growth up 1 to 2% from third quarter and deposits relatively stable on an average basis.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Just final one, really ticky-tack here, guiding to 16 to 17% GAAP tax rate in the fourth quarter. Will that sustain into next year or will it revert back up to a more recently typical level?
Don Kimble: The 16 to 17% continues to expect a level of tax credits from some leasing activities, and at this point in time we think that’s a reasonable assumption. We’ll provide more guidance on our outlook in January for ’19.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next we’ll go to the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Morning. I wanted to ask about loan growth. You talked about the C&I, but if I look at some of the other loan portfolios, we saw a moderation or an improvement from prior quarters, particularly commercial real estate. I’m just wondering, some of these other portfolios beside C&I, are you close to an inflection point and could see growth next year? 
Don Kimble: As far as commercial real estate, I would say that we don’t see that as an area of strong growth for us. We like our business model there and risk profile. We did see some balance lift here in the third quarter from some relationships that we had in progress, but wouldn’t cite that as being a leading area for growth.  The other area that we did see some growth this past quarter was our indirect auto, and we would expect to see some continued growth there as we’re continuing to originate through our existing midwest franchise that was legacy Key, so that should show some growth for us. But I’d say a good percentage of the growth should continue to come from C&I growth for us, and that’s where we believe we have our strength and that’s where we’re seeing good pipelines for us as well.
Peter Winter: On the C&I side, are you starting to see with that growth end of period maybe pay downs slow, and would you expect that to continue going forward?
Don Kimble: Our pay downs really have elevated compared to historic levels. I don’t know that they’ve slowed down much. Utilization rates are still relatively stable for the third quarter for what they were in the second quarter. The good thing is our activity levels picked up as far as new origination volumes late in the quarter, and that’s where we saw the growth and that’s what gives us optimism going into next quarter, is that we’re seeing those activity levels pick up and that’s been helpful.
Peter Winter: Great. Thanks Don.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt O’Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O’Connor: Good morning. I just wanted to ask about several fee categories that were weaker than I would have thought - service charges, corporate service income, cards and payments, and you mentioned a revenue recognition change which I think impacted it on a year-over-year basis. But maybe just discuss a little bit why those three buckets were weaker and then your outlook on those three, which a couple of them are pretty big drivers for you, so. Thanks.
Don Kimble: Service charges you mentioned, there was a couple of items there that were adjustments, including some revenue recognition true-up there as well. We would expect growth in that line item for the fourth quarter to more normalize for us for the quarter, so it was artificially low this quarter for some of the adjustments there.  Corporate services income really was down mainly because of derivative incomes coming down this quarter, that just saw a little less demand from our customer base for that category. It has been an area of growth for us historically, but there is some variability to that based on customer activity.  Then as far as the cards and payments related revenues, we did have some items in the second quarter that were more purchases of accounts and equipment that would have had that level be a little be a stronger. It is an area of growth for us, we do expect the fourth quarter to be up, and we expect that to be an area of growth for us going forward into 2019 as well.
Matt O’Connor: Okay, that’s helpful. Just stepping back, kind of bigger picture, revenue overall, I feel like was soft this quarter. Some of it seems like it’s temporary, and obviously you’ve addressed some of the pieces with loans and fees. But just kind of big picture, do you think this was a quarter where things just kind of went against you from a revenue perspective, or do you think the revenue outlook is going to be a little bit weaker than you would have thought and maybe you should be focused on tightening in the costs a little bit more?
Don Kimble: I would say that loan balances have come in lower than what we would have expected for the third quarter, and that really was the surprise that we had at the end of the second quarter, which continued for us, which was the lower levels of utilization and the impact from some higher pay downs. So as we would have come into this year, we would have expected loan growth to pick up in the second half of the year and we haven’t seen that, and so that is a surprise for us based on what our expectations would have been coming into the year. As far as the fee income categories, when we look at the activity and the volumes and the customer activity around these areas, we’re seeing positive trends, and so our guidance for the fourth quarter says that fee income should be up mid single digits on a linked quarter basis, so I think we’re going to see some of that momentum come in the fourth quarter and, I think, help set the table for us going forward.  You know, the follow-on point that you made, Matt, it’s something we always do manage to, and if the revenue growth isn’t there, then we do believe that it’s important that we do manage our expenses more tightly, and that’s something that we’ll continue to look at and make sure that we’re doing what we need to do to make sure that we live up to our commitments. 
Beth Mooney: Matt, this is Beth. We’re obviously in the 2019 planning cycle and it is very much focused as we have, both Don and I, reiterated the commitment to the 54 to 56% efficiency ratio target, and that we plan to be operating within that by the back half of 2019. We are making sure we are constructively balancing both our outlook for revenue as well as appropriate expense levels and investments in order to achieve that.
Matt O’Connor: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe: Great, thanks. I was hoping you could elaborate just a little bit more on the higher non-performing loans that you saw in the quarter - I think it was up about $100 million. I know you said there wasn’t any concentration, but was it a couple loans, was it a lot of loans? Just trying to figure it out. Thanks. 
Don Kimble: It really was just a few unrelated loans, and they weren’t concentrated in any industry or geography at all. Don’t view that as a trend for anything from a credit quality perspective. As I mentioned before, criticized and classified were down and delinquencies were down, so other trends would reinforce that credit quality continues to remain strong.
Ken Zerbe: Got it, okay. In terms of loan growth, I guess in fourth quarter--I know you were surprised that we’re not seeing the rebound in second half loan growth more broadly speaking, but what could derail the growth in fourth quarter? I guess we’re all probably a little bit worried that you expect it to go up, but are we going to be surprised again to the negative when fourth quarter ends? Thanks.
Chris Gore: Ken, it’s Chris. Good morning. As we look at it, the reason we have confidence as we go into the fourth quarter is we have a strong backlog and we have a much better starting point. We also have a business that typically in the fourth quarter is particularly strong; for example, we have a significant M&A backlog that often pulls through financing. The other thing that we have is our leasing business can generate about 33% of their annual volume in the fourth quarter, and they’re very focused on technology and healthcare equipment, so those are pretty good flows and we have pretty good visibility on that. In terms of what could derail it, one, if we have dislocation in the markets and we can’t get transactions complete, that’s always a risk in our business. The other thing is that people continue to not borrow under their lines but use their cash flow to buy inventory out of cash, to invest in PP&E out of cash. The other thing, of course, that is always unique to our business model is we only put about 20% of the capital we raise on the balance sheet, so if by chance there are huge opportunities for us to better serve our clients by taking them to other markets, that too can have an impact on our loans, but the flipside of that would be it improves our fees. 
Ken Zerbe: Got it, okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Hi, good morning guys. Just following up on the NII and outlook and commentary, Don, can you just dig in a little bit more to what you’re seeing in terms of customer behavior on the different sides of the business from a re-pricing perspective? Obviously you guys, like everyone else, are seeing the rate of increase move up on the 13 basis points of deposit costs this quarter, but can you give us a little color on segments in terms of any changes in terms of consumer versus commercial and how the behavior is starting to act, if any different?
Don Kimble: This last quarter, we did see the deposit betas move up for both consumer and commercial - consumer was in the mid-40s and the commercial segment was about 70%, so we did see both of those move up. There continues to be strong demand coming from both sides as far as looking for additional products that have higher rates and yields, and we’re seeing that being offered to the customers across the board, whether it’s the community banks up through the largest banks in the U.S. are providing some rates that are higher for some of the commercial deposits. As we look forward to our deposit betas, we would think that for the fourth quarter, we’re still going to be in the mid-50s as far as deposit betas, so maybe up just a touch from where we were in the third quarter. But over time, we’ll continue to see that cumulative 29% beta inch up as consumer behaviors continue to seek higher deposit cost products.
Ken Usdin: Got it, okay. Second question, just on the mix of earning assets. You had some average deposit growth this quarter. You mentioned the loans weren’t quite there. What’s your philosophy right now in terms of the securities portfolio? Do you want to be putting incremental cash there, and what are you seeing in terms of front book versus back book yields?
Don Kimble: Sure. On the investment portfolio, we’ve been maintaining that fairly stable - it’s just shy of $30 billion, and it’s been there for a number of quarters. Longer term, we do believe that our loan growth will be outpacing our deposit growth, and so we do believe that there will be an opportunity to continue to maintain that level of investment securities and not have to shift that mix overall. Now, the good thing is on the investment portfolio, as I mentioned, we’ve got about $1.2 billion of cash flow a quarter off the investment portfolio. The yield on that cash flow is 2.15 to 2.2%, and the new purchase volumes are coming in at 3.4 to 3.5, so we do see a nice lift there which helps offset some of the drift in the deposit base, and also any purchase accounting accretion changes.
Ken Usdin: Okay, thanks Don.
Operator: Next we’ll go to John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning. Back to the non-performer discussion, can you give us a little bit more specific detail around that? What was the number of credits, what were the sizes, and also what were the industries? I know you mentioned they’re not concentrated, but what were the exact industries?
Don Kimble: I would say that it’s five or less as far as the total credits, so it is a very few; and I would say that the industry types are very diverse. Mark, if you have just a general sense there?
Mark Midkiff: Yes, just broadly, from equipment to the real estate category. It’s broad.
John Pancari: Okay. Are any of them loans to financial institutions?
Don Kimble: They are not, no.
John Pancari: Or leveraged loans?
Don Kimble: No, they’re not.
John Pancari: Okay, all right. Related to that, the loan loss reserve is around 99 basis points now, although I know it’s higher when you exclude the acquired portfolios. How are you feeling about that longer term here? Where do you think the appropriate longer term loan loss reserve level is, particularly in the context of where we are in this cycle and that we’ve got a little bit of noise that’s now surfacing in the non-accruals? Thanks.
Don Kimble: One, I don’t want to have the non-accruals relate to future potential problems there - I don’t think that’s a trend that we would want to extend from here. Two, you’re right - if you would take a look at the purchase accounting credit mark on the loan portfolio and add that to our total reserve, it’s in the 115 to 116 level, and so I think that would be an appropriate assessment as to where that would trend over time as those purchased loans do mature and are replaced with new originations.  I think the other thing that we need to keep in mind though, too, is the nature of this portfolio has changed significantly from where it was before the crisis, so it’s a much cleaner portfolio, much less risk profile to it, and so we think that it would be appropriate range as far as the overall allowance being in that 115 to 116 range. Yet to be determined as far as the impact of CECL - we’ll have that come through in 2020, and so that will set a new level, and I think we’ll be well south of that 115 level before CECL is implemented, so we could [indiscernible] at that time.
John Pancari: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. The first question I wanted to ask if you’ve obviously addressed loan growth in many different ways. I’m wondering, especially from you, Chris, if you could give us a little bit more sense of how competitive the non-banks are with your business and give us a sense of structure versus rate competition. Also, hear you loud and clear on the NPL composition, but I’m wondering what your exposure is on balance sheet to either broadly syndicated leveraged lending or sponsor-back transactions.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Good morning, Erika. Just to give you a flavor on the competitive landscape, clearly there is competition and it manifests itself in structure and it manifests itself in pricing. The way we approach it is we price everything on a relationship basis, and so on the margin, 12.5 basis points does not make a huge difference for us as we go out there and holistically serve our clients. There is pricing pressure, but we don’t find that it really degrades our returns in total. Now as it relates to structure, there are some people that are taking duration risk, there are some people that are going out on the credit spectrum. That’s not our business as we maintain our moderate risk profile.  As it relates to the non-banks, most of their activity is around leveraged finance, so that’s where you see the most activity by the non-banks. As it relates to our leveraged finance specifically, we have been flat in terms of our exposure to leveraged finance literally since before we completed the First Niagara transaction, where we grew by 40%. We get a lot of velocity out of that portfolio and so we’re really pleased with where we are, and obviously we have the ability to distribute a lot of that paper, much of which frankly is purchased by some of the non-banks.
Erika Najarian: Okay. I’ll just follow up more with the exposure offline. I wanted to follow up to Matt’s question, and I want to not be difficult and ask this as respectively as possible, but during your prepared remarks you essentially told us that your efficiency target for the year in terms of getting to your range by year-end was pushed out at least three quarters. I understand the dynamic of the FDIC surcharge not going away, but I’m wondering if you’ll tell us in two weeks, or how your thought process is about really trying to hit that efficiency ratio target even if revenue falls short. In other words, is there a capacity for expenses to be more meaningfully controlled as the revenue environment potentially doesn’t improve next year, because I do think that that is probably part of why the discount on your stock persists to peers.
Don Kimble: Erika, as far as pushing out our guidance as far as the efficiency ratio, I think one of the things I’d like to clarify is that we’ve been talking about the fourth quarter where we’d be approaching the high end of our targeted range with the benefit of the FDIC assessment, so with our guidance showing revenues up in the fourth quarter and expenses being relatively stable, even without the FDIC assessment, I think that would push our efficiency ratio into the 57 range, and if we would have had the 70 basis point benefit from FDIC, I think that would be pushing us close to that 56% range, which I think would be meeting our commitment as far as approaching the high end of the range. When we talk about in the second half of next year being in that 54 to 56%, that’s only to reflect in the first half of the year and especially in the first quarter, we have some seasonal items that cause our expenses to be elevated and it tends to be a seasonally weak first quarter. But your more global question, we will provide some more color on that at the investor day, and we will reaffirm that there are times when we have to push heavier on the expense side to make sure that we meet our commitments, so that’s something we will live up to and we’ll talk in more detail about that here on the 30th.
Erika Najarian: Great, thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Reevey with DA Davidson. Please go ahead.
Kevin Reevey: Good morning. Don, my question is for you, related to your recent share price movement. Can you give us some color as to what your appetite is for M&A, and would M&A be pushed to the backburner, and how aggressive should we expect to see you on the buyback?
Don Kimble: Sure, a couple things. One, on the M&A side, what we talked about as far as our focus going forward is maybe continuing to look at some very small investments and acquisitions that would be aligned in more people, products and capability, but nothing on the banking front at all. We do not believe that that’s something that’s necessary to deliver against our operating model and have not been focused on bank M&A, so that would not be priority.  As far as our share buybacks, the pacing of those are really controlled by our capital plan that we submitted earlier this year, so as we noted before, we acquired or repurchased $542 million of stock here in this current quarter. Our total capital plan for this year is $1.2 billion, and so think about those share buybacks for the rest of the three quarters being fairly consistent throughout that remaining time period. But that does allow us to accelerate the pace based on the price sensitivity and allows us to navigate within those quarters a little bit, but not much in the way of the absolute level of share buybacks.
Kevin Reevey: Then related to revenue enhancements, can you talk about any revenue enhancements that you’ve seen materialize related to First Niagara that you can pinpoint?
Don Kimble: The areas that we’ve been talking about really are residential mortgage, and we still view that as a top candidate for us. The markets have not been good for us as far as the mortgage market, but we are making investments there and we do expect to see some nice trajectory going forward in residential mortgage. The second area really has been on the payments side, and we have seen very good traction there. We are seeing the commercial payments and the commercial deposit products being offered throughout the former First Niagara customer base, and we are having a lot of success and traction with that.  The third area where we have seen good activity is on the capital markets side. We’ve been leveraging the capabilities that we bring to market, especially on the commercial real estate side, to meet the needs of the commercial real estate customers of First Niagara, and that’s had a huge success for us. The fourth area where we continue to see some growth is in the indirect auto space, and we’ve taken that product and really started to sell that throughout some of the legacy Key footprint where we did have commercial relationships with those auto dealerships, and so we’ve seen nice growth on a year-over-year basis in indirect auto and much of that coming from the new markets that Key has brought in.  The last piece is more private banking, and we are seeing traction there. It is a longer sales cycle, but we are making progress on that front and believe that there still is opportunity for us to continue to offer up more wealth management and private banking traditional products to high end retail customers of First Niagara, and looking for some strong success there as well.
Kevin Reevey: Then lastly, your investment banking, debt placement fees continue to outperform. My question is how much better can it get? 
Chris Gorman: This is Chris. We feel good about where the business is. We’re out there having great discussions with our clients. Our backlogs are strong. It’s market dependent. This is a business that we’ve grown since 2011 at about a 16% compound annual growth rate. We’re confident that on a linked quarter, we will be up. We’re confident that ultimately year over year, we’ll be up, so we feel good about it.
Kevin Reevey: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi. I guess I’ll ask a personal question, Beth. When do you have mandatory retirement, if at all, and how many more years do you expect to stay? One reason I ask is maybe we’d get more interest in the October 30 investor day when we see the rest of the management team, that maybe the next CEO is from that group - I’m not sure, but if you could share some insights.
Beth Mooney: Good morning, Mike. I didn’t expect that. KeyCorp does not have a mandatory retirement policy, and I think the goal of our investor day is, as I stated earlier on, we have a really strong leadership team that I think you’ve met many of us over the years, where we’ve really evolved our strategies and our thinking by customer segment, how we’re going to market, and the strength of our performance. You will see broadly our leadership team to include obviously our two vice chairmen, Don Kimble and Chris Gorman, but deeper into our businesses, a chance to introduce our new Chief Risk Officer more broadly to investors and analysts as well, Mark Midkiff, so we are looking forward to appearing as Team KeyCorp and talking about the future of our business.
Mike Mayo: Well staying on the theme of investor day, I guess you’ll talk about scale. You have a lot of scale against smaller banks but not as much as the largest banks. I look forward to hearing some insights at investor day. But when you look at your digital engagement with consumer customers, what percent of your customers are online and how much do you spend on technology every year?
Beth Mooney: Those will both be topics within investor day, so we are very much teeing up this notion of how we think about scale and how we drive our business against products and businesses and client segments where we can scale, such as our discussion of what we have successfully done in our middle market, commercial and corporate banking. Dennis Devine will be walking through our consumer platforms and digital strategies, as well as we have said that of our $700 million to $800 million a year roughly in technology operation spend, $200 million of that is against investments in digital and other capabilities for our product set, and then we are also going to talk a little bit about how we think about fintech partnerships and investments there as well, so a wide range of topics.
Mike Mayo: Last question, small one. I think I see tangible book value flat from the second quarter to the third quarter, despite some good earnings. Is anything happening with securities or OCI, or am I missing something?
Don Kimble: Yes Mike, the tangible book value was negatively impacted by OCI to the tune of about $0.08 a share, and then the other impact that mitigated some of the lift you would have seen in tangible book value also was the fact that we bought back $542 million of stock, and that’s on an incremental basis dilutive to tangible book value.  One thing to keep in mind, mentioning OCI, is that if you look back to where our OCI has moved since the day that we announced First Niagara, we had about an $0.86 negative impact to our tangible book value per share because of OCI, because of interest rates. If you would add that back on to our current tangible book value, we’d be in excess of the tangible book value per share that we were at the day of announcement by about $0.16 or $0.17 a share. It just doesn’t show given the changes in rates and the impact of OCI, but we are making progress to recapture that lost tangible book value.
Mike Mayo: All right, thank you. See you October 30.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Thank you.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Hey, good morning everybody. Wanted to ask a follow-up on the guidance for non-interest income of mid single digits. I’m struggling with how you get there. I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned IB and debt placement fees, but that was probably the only line item on the fee line that was a bright spot this quarter. So mid single digits kind of implies, I think, $25 million, $30 million sequentially. What am I missing - is there some seasonality we’re not taking into account? I guess where do you fill that gap in terms of sequential growth?
Don Kimble: There is clearly some seasonality, and I would say that in addition to investment banking debt placement fees, most if not all of the individual items are expected to have some growth from the third quarter to fourth quarter level, and so that wasn’t the case for this past quarter, given seasonality. We do expect growth in just about every single one of those line items going into the fourth quarter.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Are there any specific areas that are going to drive it or have more seasonality, or is it just pretty broad based across all the categories?
Don Kimble: I’d say it’s broad based, and some of the things that you would see seasonal lift would include corporate owned life insurance tends to be high in the fourth quarter, that deposit service charges and cards and payments revenues tend to be higher in the fourth quarter than they are in the third quarter. Some of the other items we mentioned earlier, such as deposit service charges, were artificially low this quarter, which should see some pick-up against next quarter. Each one of those, we believe will be contributors to our outlook for growth in the fourth quarter.
Saul Martinez: Okay, fair enough. Can you remind us how much Key insurance and benefit impacted the revenues this quarter? I think I have in my mind $60 million for full year was the run rate, and did it all fall into the trust and investment services line? I guess related, how much of a tailwind did you get in terms of expenses from the sale of that business?
Don Kimble: The trust and investment services line had about $7 million of insurance-related revenues to our KIBS sale. Much of that was more in the contingent fee revenues that we recognized in the current quarter, so there really wasn’t a lot of expense reduction going from Q2 to Q3 for KIBS, and most of that was realized in the second quarter. 
Saul Martinez: So $7 million this quarter and not really anything on the expense line?
Don Kimble: That’s correct.
Saul Martinez: Thanks a lot, helpful.
Operator: Next we go to Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello, thanks for taking the question. Can you give us an update on earnings credit rate? In the previous conference call, you talked about some increases there. How has the movement there been playing out?
Don Kimble: Most of the increases in our earnings credit rate have really been more tied to LIBOR, so we are seeing those rates continue to increase. That does provide some incentive for some of our commercial customers to seek some interest-bearing deposits, because some of their non-interest bearing deposits are being used to offset their other charges and so we do see some shift coming from that. We also do believe that there still is an opportunity for us to grow our commercial deposits, and so we think that could help minimize some of the migration trends that the earnings credit rate would normally have for that area. 
Geoffrey Elliott: Thanks. In terms of that migration out of non-interest bearing into interest bearing, is there anything you can do to help frame that for us? What portion of non-interest bearing deposits do you think potentially flow out over time?
Don Kimble: We really haven’t set that expectation, so let us get back to you with some thoughts on that. I don’t have anything right now that would be helpful for you.
Geoffrey Elliott: I will ask again on the 30th. Thanks very much.
Don Kimble: Thank you, appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please go ahead. 
Marty Mosby: Don, I want to ask you about the repositioning that you did. Back in the appendix, you explained a lot of different moving pieces that you actually made. In the liquidity impact, I just want to make sure that’s separate from--because there had to be some costs in NII related to this repositioning as well, so I just wanted to make sure that wasn’t somehow counted in liquidity, and do you think--how much of NII or incremental charges came into play, given the repositioning this quarter?
Don Kimble: Good question, Marty. The one thing that we didn’t talk about is in the appendix, we note that we actually terminated $5 billion worth of swaps that were scheduled to mature in 2019. That enabled us to reset our asset sensitivity position back in about the 3% range, because we were seeing that asset sensitivity drift down as deposit betas increased and so we wanted to reaffirm that. We actually terminated those swaps, and so at the end of the third quarter it would have been about $12 billion worth of receive fixed swaps as opposed to the $18 billion that we were at in the last quarter.  Again, we did that because the yield curve was fairly flat and also because our outlook would have had a few more rate increases than what the forward curve was implying at that time. We’ve actually seen the rate curve move up about 15 to 20 basis points since we terminated those swaps, so it’s proved out to be a fortunate transaction for us. At the same time we did that, we did enter into some floors to help protect the downside, but the total cost of those floors was only $330,000, so it was a very nominal cost to us.  To your point, as far as the impact for the current quarter, the losses on those swaps get amortized over the remaining life of those swaps, so there was very little negative impact to us in the current quarter - about a million dollars, and we would think that would be more than offset with positive benefits coming forward in the fourth quarter and beyond. We like how it positioned us, and we think it streamlines the overall asset sensitivity position for us.
Marty Mosby: Then if you look at the roll forward of the portfolio, $1.2 billion per quarter, the maturation of your swap book about $1.6 billion, and the overall 100 basis points that you’re picking up, that in and of itself every quarter should generate--you know, I’m estimating somewhere between $5 million and $7 million of incremental NII every quarter, just from rolling those yields back up to current market rates. Is that about right for the impact? 
Don Kimble: That sounds generally about the right range, and that really is allowing us to keep our margin relatively stable even when rates don’t go up, so that helps to offset the deposit drift and also the purchase accounting accretion reductions. As we mentioned before, with the rate increases, we think that the margin should be up one to two basis points in each of those quarters, so that was part of our outlook for the fourth quarter. 
Marty Mosby: Then lastly on the non-performing increase, you didn’t really see delinquencies and you didn’t really see criticized move up - again, if you look back down into the appendix, some of the details. I was just curious, can you give us some flavor because you really were adamant in the sense that the increase in non-performers doesn’t really lend to increased losses going forward, so what is the characterization that forced them to be classified as non-performing and why are you so comfortable that that’s not going to lead to--I mean, what’s the characteristic of those loans that makes you feel like that doesn’t make your net charge-offs go up meaningfully in the next year?
Don Kimble: A couple things. One is that some of those credits were actually current throughout the second quarter so you wouldn’t have seen the delinquency spike from that, so it didn’t have an impact from that perspective going into the third quarter. Second, as we put those credits in the non-performing, we do an assessment as to what type of loss content is there, so we do maintain specific reserves against those credits and/or write them down as appropriate, and so we believe that they are maintained at the appropriate level and why we don’t believe there is additional loss content there. Third as far as the timing, it really was just part of the overall workout of those individual credits, and each one of them had unique circumstances and issues, some of which were some transactions were expected to happen in the third quarter and got delayed, so it resulted in us taking those to non-accrual status until those transactions are completed. 
Marty Mosby: So then there would be a relatively short workout period if there’s just an expected event in the future, near future that was going to happen, it just didn’t happen in this particular quarter?
Don Kimble: I think that’s a good assessment. 
Marty Mosby: All right, thanks.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Morning, Beth. Morning Don. Don, touching upon future risks, clearly the industry and you folks, even though I know you’ve talked a little bit about a small pick-up in credit issues, but generally speaking credit is very strong. I’m trying to look for other risks for you folks and your peers. Can you share with us what if this U.S. economy, and this is not consensus of course, but what if it overheats and next year at this time, the Fed has moved more aggressively and they’re talking about three or four rate increases in 2020, and even maybe a 50 basis point rate increase, can you share with us what could happen to the securities portfolio, the OCI mark and stuff? Can you kind of frame that out? Again, I know it’s not consensus, probably low probability, but just to kind of give us an idea.
Don Kimble: One, on our investment portfolio, we keep a fairly short average life and average duration. I think it’s 4.9 and 4.3 years on average, so we don’t have a lot of extension risk in our portfolio. We tend to keep it more five-year type of CMO structures, or 15-year pass through paper, so there really isn’t a lot of extension. We could see if the long end of the curve moves up like you’ve suggested that could put some additional pressure on OCI and our tangible common equity. I would say that we tend to be more focused on common equity Tier 1 and some other measures, which we really believe assess where our overall capital picture is, and so even with some additional pressure on the OCI, I don’t think it would take our tangible common equity to a level that would be of concern to us at this point.  As far as other areas, that’s one of the reasons why we did go to a little bit more asset sensitive position this quarter, is we did believe there was a higher likelihood that we were going to have a December rate increase and continued rate increases in ’19, as the Fed has suggested, and the forward curve wasn’t implying that. We did tick up our asset sensitivity a little bit to better position us for that potential outcome.
Gerard Cassidy: Then just as a follow-up, what kind of environment would you need to foresee in the future to take the receive fixed swap book down to zero? You mentioned you’ve already lowered it in this quarter, but what would you have to see to say, gosh you know what, we better take that to zero?
Don Kimble: I’d say as a general rule that we want to continue to maintain a moderate risk profile, so we tend to manage our asset sensitivity within a range. That range probably is plus or minus 5%, and so you probably won’t see us take it to zero but as you’ve seen this quarter, we do have the ability and the flexibility to manage that actively. With the use of floors, we can protect us on the downside of it without minimizing the potential upside impact for interest rate increases. We could toggle one way or the other a little bit, but I don’t want you to expect that that’s going to go to zero. 
Gerard Cassidy: Very good, thank you.
Operator: With no further questions, Ms. Mooney, I’ll turn it back to you for any closing comments.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks, and have a good day. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Don Kimble – Chief Financial Officer Chris Gorman – President of Banking
Analysts: Matt O’Connor – Deutsche Bank Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley Brendan Jeffrey – Sandler O'Neill Ken Usdin – Jefferies Steven Alexopoulos – JPMorgan Gerard Cassidy – RBC Peter Winter – Wedbush Securities John Pancari – Evercore Saul Martinez – UBS Erika Najarian – Bank of America Kevin Reevey – D.A. Davidson
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Beth Mooney. Please go ahead.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. In the room with me are Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer and Chris Gorman, President of Banking. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I’m now turning to Slide 3. KEY reported strong results for the second quarter, with earnings per common share of $0.44, up 22% from the year-ago period and 16% from the first quarter. Our cash efficiency ratio was 58.8%, and our return on average tangible common equity was 16.7%. Results this quarter included a number of notable items, including a gain from the sale of our insurance business and some offsetting items that were unique to this quarter. Don will walk through the line item detail in his comments. We continue to generate positive operating leverage from both the prior year and prior quarter. With our results driven by continued revenue growth as well as strong expense discipline. Net interest income benefited from a four basis point improvement in our net interest margin and growth in average earning assets. Average loans grew 2% from the prior year and prior quarter, driven by double-digit growth in commercial and industrial loans as we continue to grow the number of relationships and do more with our existing clients. With a solid economic backdrop and positive client sentiment, we continue to see good business flows and activity. We are taking share and our pipelines remain strong. Our fee-based businesses, once again, reflected our ability to offer a full range of solutions to our clients. Investment banking and debt placement fees reached a new record level for the second quarter, driven by strong advisory fees. Cards and payments were up 15% from the prior quarter, reflecting the investments we have made in the business and our success across our franchise. Expenses this quarter included some notable items related to efficiency initiatives as well as cost incurred from the sale of our insurance business. Excluding these items, expenses were down $40 million or 4% from last quarter, reflecting both seasonal trends and cost savings. This included realizing the remaining First Niagara cost savings, bringing our total annual savings to $450 million or approximately 46% of the acquired expense base. As we discussed in our first quarter call, we also implemented a number of expense initiatives that benefited both the current quarter as well as future period. These initiatives included branch consolidations, savings from third-party vendor contracts and adjusting staffing models and business realignment. These actions are part of the path and plan to approach the high end of our long-term cash efficiency ratio target of 54% to 56% by year-end and we remain committed to achieving our expense outlook for the year. The final two sections on this slide highlight our strong position in terms of both risk management and capital. Credit quality remains a strength, with net charge-offs to loans of 27 basis points. And our approach to capital has remained consistent and focused on maintaining a strong capital position, while returning a large portion of our earnings to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. KEY’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio ended the quarter at 10.1%, consistent with our 2018 Capital Plan, our Board of Directors recently approved a 42% increase in our common stock dividend payable in the third quarter, which was our third increase over the past year and will reflect a 3.4% dividend yield for our shareholders. Our Capital Plan also included a share repurchase authorization of $1.2 billion. These actions are consistent with our stated capital priorities, which we believe will continue to drive long-term shareholder value. I will conclude my remarks by restating that it was a strong quarter with broad-based growth across our franchise in both our commercial and consumer businesses. We grew loans including 5% linked quarter growth in C&I. We grew fees with record quarters for investment banking and debt placement fees as well as cards and payments. We managed our expenses, which excluding notable items were down $40 million from the prior quarter and we maintained our credit quality with the net charge-off ratio of 27 basis points. And finally, we were disciplined with our capital, including a 42% increase in the common share dividend bringing us closer to our targeted payout range of 40% to 50% overtime. Our results this quarter represent a step change in our performance with meaningful improvement in productivity, efficiency and returns and with a definitive move toward our long-term performance targets. We remain committed to achieving our guidance for the year and continuing to deliver value for our shareholders. With that, I will close and turn the call over to Don. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks and I’m on Slide 5. As Beth said, we reported second quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.44 per common share. Our results compared to $0.36 per share in the year-ago period and $0.38 in the first quarter. There were a number of notable items during the quarter, which in total, resulted in a $2 million after-tax impact. In the year-ago period, we had notable items with a $27 million after-tax benefit. Notable items are listed on the bottom of this slide and additional detail can be found in the appendix of our presentation materials. I’ll cover many of the remaining items on this slide in the rest of my presentation. So, I’m now turning to Slide 6. Total of average loans of $89 billion were up $1.7 billion unannualized from the first quarter. Second quarter growth was driven by strong commercial industrial loans, which were up $2.3 billion or 5% linked quarter unannualized. We saw a growth across commercial client segments in both our Community Bank and Corporate Bank. We continue to see good growth from new business activity, which was partially offset by elevated paydowns and lower line utilization, which impacted our period-end balance. We entered the second half of the year with strong pipelines and continued to expect loan balances to be within our targeted range of $88.5 billion to $89.5 billion for the full year. Continuing on to Slide 7. Average deposits totaled $104 billion for the second quarter of 2018, up $1.4 billion or 1% unannualized compared to the first quarter. The cost of our total deposits was up 7 basis points from the first quarter, reflecting recent rate increases as well as the continued migration of our portfolio into higher-yielding products. Our deposit beta for the current quarter was 41%, resulting in a cumulative beta of 25%, which we expect to migrate higher overtime. Our outlook assumes our betas will be ramping up to more historic levels in the mid-50% range during the second half of this year. On a linked quarter basis, deposit growth was primarily driven by higher, NOW and money market balances, as we benefit from strong retail deposit growth, commercial relationships and a continued shift into higher-yielding deposit products. We continued to have a strong, stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for over 60% of our total deposit mix. Turning to Slide 8. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $987 million for the second quarter of 2018 and the net interest margin was 3.19%. These results compared to a taxable equivalent net interest income of $987 million and a net interest margin of 3.3% in the second quarter of 2017, and $952 million and 3.15% in the first quarter. Purchase accounting accretion contributed $28 million or 9 basis points to our second quarter results. This compares with $33 million or 11 basis points in the first quarter and $100 million or 33 basis points in the second quarter of 2017. Excluding purchase accounting accretion, net interest income was up $72 million or 8% from the second quarter of 2017. The increase was largely driven by higher interest rates and earning asset growth. Net interest income increased $40 million or 4% from the prior quarter excluding purchase accounting accretion benefiting from higher interest rates, strong commercial loan growth, asset sensitivity and one additional day in the quarter. As noted earlier, our deposit betas increased faster than originally expected. As a result, we have included in our outlook a deposit beta ramping up to the mid-50% range during the second half of this year. With this, we expect our core net interest margin, excluding purchase accounting accretion to move modestly higher in the remainder of this year, which assumes continued growth in our balance sheet and one more rate increase toward the end of the year. Moving on to Slide 9. KEY’s non-interest income was $660 million for the second quarter of 2018, compared to $653 million for the year-ago quarter, with both periods including a number of notable items. In the current quarter, this included a $42 million lease residuals, which impacted our operating lease income. The loss was from a leveraged lease on a coal power plant that was originated over 20 years ago. It is unique and singular in terms of the nature of the asset, site and structure, and we have not originated a leverage lease in over a decade. We also recognize the $78 million gains in the sale of our insurance business, which impacted other income. In the year-ago period, the $61 million of notable items included a gain from the merchant services acquisition and a purchase accounting finalization. Excluding all notable items, non-interest income was up $32 million or 5% from the year-ago period. Not included within the notable items, but also impacting the second quarter results was a $9 million charge related to the Visa’s litigation escrow account funding. Growth from the prior year was largely driven by continued momentum in our fee-based businesses, including a record second quarter from investment banking and debt placement fees, which were up $20 million from the year-ago period as we benefited from the acquisition of Cain Brothers and stronger advisory fees. We also saw growth in mortgage servicing and corporate services. Compared to the first quarter of 2018, non-interest income increased by $23 million excluding notable items. Investment banking and debt placement fees as well as cards and payments related revenues, each grew as we benefitted from ongoing momentum across the franchise. Turning to the Slide 10. KEY’s non-interest expense was $993 million for the second quarter of 2018. Again, there were a number of notable items that impacted our results, including expenses related to our efficiency improvement efforts and cost related to the sale of our insurance business. These items totaled $27 million for the current quarter, which we would not expect to continue in the back half of this year. As we discussed on our first quarter conference call in April, we implemented plan this quarter reduced cut cost including plans for branch consolidation, savings in third-party vendor contracts, middle and back office efficiencies, business unit realignment and staffing model adjustments. These plans represent initiatives that were kicked-off last year coming out of our First Niagara integration, which keep us on a path to approaching the high-end of our efficiency ratio target by the end of this year. These costs are clearly outsized compared to our normal continuous improvement efforts, which will continue into next year. Compared to the first quarter, excluding notable items, expenses of $966 million were down to $40 million or 4%. This decline reflects expected seasonal trends in the realization of cost savings. One of the largest drivers was employee benefit expense, which was down $23 million on a linked quarter basis. Excluding notable items which totaled $60 million in the year-ago period, non-interest expense grew $31 million from the prior year as a result of the acquisitions and investments we’ve made across the organization. This includes Cain Brothers, HelloWallet, the addition of client facing roles and investments in our mortgage – residential mortgage business. Costs associated with these investments offset and benefit from the merger-related cost savings. We continue to expect to be within our full-year guidance range with non-interest expense of $3.85 billion to $3.95 billion and again, approaching the high-end of our long-term efficiency ratio target of 54% to 56% by the end of this year. Moving to Slide 11. Our credit quality remains strong. Net charge-offs were $60 million or 27 basis points of average total loans in the second quarter, which continues to be below our targeted range. The provision for credit losses was $54 million for the quarter. Non-performing loans were relatively stable with the prior quarter and represented about 62 basis points of period end loans. At June 30, 2018, our loan loss reserve – our total reserve for loan losses represented 1.01% of total period end loans and 163% coverage of our non-performing loans. Turning to Slide 12. Capital also remains the strength of our company with a common equity Tier 1 ratio at the end of the second quarter of 10.1%. As Beth mentioned earlier, we increased our common share dividend by 14% during the quarter and we continue to repurchase common shares, which totaled to $126 million. Our 2018 capital plan included last week’s announcement of a 42% increase in dividend, positions us for a meaningful increase in shareholder payout and progress as we move toward our long-term targeted levels of capital and common dividend payouts. Slide 13 is our outlook for 2018, which remains the same as what we shared with you in April. We continue to expect average loan balances to increase to the $88.5 billion to $89.5 billion range with deposits growing less than loans. Net interest income is expected to be in the range of $3.95 billion to $4.05 billion. This assumes one additional rate increase in November and in our Appendix, we have updated the interest rate sensitivity slide, which provides different rates and balance sheet assumptions. We anticipate the non-interest income will be in the range of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion as we continue to drive growth from our core businesses and deliver First Niagara revenue synergies. And we continue to expect non-interest expense to be in the range of $3.85 billion to $3.95 billion. Net charge-offs are expected to remain below our targeted range of 40 basis points to 60 basis points, and our loan loss provision should slightly exceed the level of net charge-offs to provide for loan growth. As we continue to expect our GAAP tax rate to be in the range of 17% to 18%. Beth said, this was a strong quarter, with continued growth across our franchise. We are benefiting from the results of our efforts to improve efficiency and returns and look forward to continuing to deliver on the commitments we have made. I’ll now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions in the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from the line of Matt O’Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O’Connor: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Matt O’Connor: I was just wondering if you could talk about the competitive landscape a bit. We’re seeing some kind of the bigger banks talk about expanding into some of your markets. Actually, one of your regional competitors have talked about increasing your marketing spend in a big way going forward. So, I’m just wondering it’s always been very competitive environment, I think, for the banks overall and maybe in the Midwest in particular, but I just wondering if you could talk about the start?
Beth Mooney: Yes, Matt. This is Beth. I’ll start and then look to Chris to see if he has any additional color or commentary. But I would tell you that it is always a competitive landscape, but as you can see in our performance, we continue to grow loan, we continue to grow deposits with particular success in our commercial franchise. Post First Niagara, we too have increased our marketing spend and believe our business model is well positioned with our relationship strategy, our targeted value propositions in our consumer to our commercial businesses. So as we look, I don’t see any particular shift in the landscape that would suggest that this is outsized competitive intensity and our franchise also, we enhanced it with the First Niagara acquisition and the northeast in particular. The strength and the growth we have in our western markets. So again, we feel like we have a balanced franchise, a competitive value proposition I have seen, strong results and momentum across our businesses.
Chris Gorman: Matt, it’s Chris. The only thing I would add to that, you asked specifically about the Midwest. As we look at what’s going on in the Midwest, we’re probably having the strongest year in the Midwest that we’ve had in the last three years. So, we feel like we have good momentum, since you asked about the Midwest. Other areas where we have a lot of momentum are in Metro New York, Colorado, Salt Lake City and Portland, and our Community Bank. And I think we benefit there from pretty robust economies and a lot of in migration. As we think about our Corporate Bank, where we have a lot of momentum there is really an M&A, which is taking shares specifically around the healthcare area. And as we think about our other businesses, we’ve got a lot of momentum and technology as well. So I think it’s a step back, yes. It’s a competitive landscape. Yes, the level of competition is stiff. But I think all the investments we’ve made over the last five years in bankers and other investments are really paying off.
Matt O’Connor: That’s helpful color. If I could just ask a separate, related – unrelated question on asset quality. I mean overall, quite strong, if you look at the early-stage delinquencies, they bounced up and I realized it’s off of really low levels last quarter and also low levels a year ago. But they did jump up a bit there. I was wondering, if there’s any color on that you could provide?
Don Kimble: Yeah. Hi, Matt. This is Don. As far as the early-stage delinquencies, those are really influenced by some loan renewals that didn’t get completed by the end of that 30-day window. And so we don’t see that as a trend as far as overall credit quality. And so we think that the things are progressing as expected with normal seasonality.
Matt O’Connor: Just on the delay of the renewals, is that I guess what would be driving that?
Don Kimble: Just getting the paperwork signed, and that’s really the only thing that drives that. And unfortunately, does create some bumps every now and then in that 30-day delinquency bucket.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. All right. That’s really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe: Great, thanks. I guess one of your regional competitors this morning, got a little more negative, it seemed on their deposit pricing in terms of higher deposit beta, even so far is taking down their NIM guidance just a little bit despite moving up rate hikes. I was hoping – given you have a very similar overlapping footprint, I was hoping you could actually talk about what you’re seeing in the markets from a deposit pricing standpoint. And certainly, also your expectations about for deposit betas or deposit costs over the course of the rest of this year? Thanks.
Don Kimble: Right. And we did see the deposit betas pop up this quarter. And as we said, our deposit beta was 41%, and our cumulative deposit beta is 25%. So we did see a change. What we have seen change in, really, is more on the commercial side and a continued migration of some of the consumers into a more higher-yielding offerings, whether it’s time deposits or higher-yield money-market type of product. We’re especially seeing that in the wealth area of our bank, our private banking type of customers that are accessing that. But we have adjusted our guidance a little bit by saying that we expect to see the betas continuing to ramp up to close to or into that mid-50 range throughout the rest of this year. So, it is more competitive from that perspective, but we still feel very comfortable with our outlook as far as net interest income and overall margin. And so it’s something we’ll continue to watch. But we feel we’re in good shape there.
Ken Zerbe: Got it, okay. And then just separately, in terms of your tax rate, I saw the guidance. I think it was unchanged. But it seemed that this quarter may have been a little light. You’ve been backing out sort of the tax impact of the one-time items. Does – are you implying potentially that the second half tax rate could be just incrementally higher to stay within your range? Or is there any reason to think second half tax would change?
Don Kimble: Not seeing a significant change for the second half tax rate. I would say that second quarter did have some credits as well. But I think that the range is still appropriate, which implies maybe a slight tick-up in the overall tax rate.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Brendan Jeffrey: Hey, good morning, guys. This is actually Brendan from Scott’s team. So, as I look at guidance for both season expenses for the second half of the year, it seems like it implies a pretty good ramp in fee income from the first half while expenses are going to be relatively flat compared to the first half, if not down a little bit, just to get to the midpoint. I’m just curious, one, what are the specific drivers of the in-fee income that can deliver that growth in the back half of the year. And then two, what are the levers on the expense side that allow you to ramp up fee income while holding expenses relatively flat?
Don Kimble: Great. As far as fee income that – we tend to see, especially the fourth quarter, be a peak quarter for us in several categories, including investment banking, debt placement fees and some of the other activity-based accounts, including cards and payments-related revenues. And so we would expect to see some seasonal growth from those categories, and that’s why we’ve continued to maintain our outlook for fee income. On the expense side, what you’re looking at there is a guidance range. It would be using our second quarter baseline of the $966 million in expenses, and assuming that we can continue to remain that rate – maintain that in the same general level and have that relatively stable. We think we can achieve that by continuing to benefit from the remaining portion of the cost savings for some of the charges we just took and some of the efforts we announced earlier in the quarter. And also, our outlook does continue to assume that the additional assessment from the FDIC premium does go away in the fourth quarter, and that’s about a $12 million benefit for us. And so that’s all predicated on that adjustment coming through, and it’s consistent with our outlook that we’ve had throughout the year.
Brendan Jeffrey: And then FDIC $12 million benefit, is that per quarter or for the entire back half of the year?
Don Kimble: That’s in the fourth quarter only. So that is per quarter.
Brendan Jeffrey: All right, great. All right. Thanks for taking my question.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks a lot. Hey Don, just – first, I just wanted to double confirm. The full year guides for – and – for fees and for expenses, are those all just GAAP basis inclusive of the items this quarter?
Don Kimble: That is true that we’re showing reported results. And so it does include those actual numbers. And I would say that we would still be within the guidance range even if you went on adjusted for notable items, but it does include reported results.
Ken Usdin: Okay, got it. And then as you look forward, you reiterated your view that you expect to get towards the high end of the 54% cash efficiency – 54%, 56% cash efficiency ratio by year-end this year. Any color you can give us on – do you believe you have a chance of getting inside that range for full year of 2019?
Don Kimble: We’ll provide 2019 guidance later, but I would say that we’re clearly on our trajectory to continue to show positive operating leverage. And we think that our efficiency ratio will come down, and so we think that we’re on the right path. And we’ll provide more clarity on the 2019 outlook later.
Ken Usdin: Okay, great. And then just last true up then. On the expense side, are – will you – do you expect to continue to have in the second half of the year some of these efficiency-rated – efficiency-related items as well? Or was that a second quarter cleanup type of thing?
Don Kimble: That really, for the most part, was a second-quarter cleanup. We will have some minor type of severance charges later in the year. But if you look at the charge we took in the second quarter, it’s four to five times what we would typically see in any normal quarter for these types of continuous improvement efforts. And it really reflects the accumulation of those plans that we weren’t able to implement last year and are putting into place this year.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Okay. Thanks, Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey good morning, everybody.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: You guys had really solid commercial loan growth in the quarter. I’m curious, what impact – the tariffs always talk of a trade war. What impact is that having on confidence levels of your commercial customers? And is it impacting loan pipelines at all yet?
Chris Gorman: Steve, it’s Chris. We’re out talking to our clients all the time. Clearly, it’s a topic of discussion, but it hasn’t manifested itself really in any change of plans that we’re seeing. Also, keep in mind that the tariffs that have been imposed and those that are being discussed do have different impacts for different clients. But short answer to your question is we are not seeing the impacts yet.
Steven Alexopoulos: I think, Chris, could you give a little color, which industry verticals are driving such strong loan growth here?
Chris Gorman: Well, it was really across the board. I mean, let me start with our Community Bank. We really had just very strong loan growth across ours geographies. And as I mentioned a little earlier, the particular highlights were places like Metro New York and some of the places in the west. We’re also really pleased with the traction that we had in the Midwest. And so those are kind of from the geography perspective, Steve, where we’re getting a lot of growth. As it relates to our Corporate Bank that it would be where you would expect to see debt growth, and that would be in places like industrial, some portions of real estate, some portions of energy.
Steven Alexopoulos: Great. And maybe just to shift directions for a second. We’re seeing regulatory relief now being provided to banks below $100 billion in assets. And given that you guys are at the lower end of that $100 billion to $250 billion range, I’m curious, have conversations with banks your size started yet regarding potentially getting regulatory relief.
Beth Mooney: Obviously, there is a window in which the regulators get to assess the potential timing and magnitude of how they will implement the regulatory relief. And clearly, we, in the industry, have a point of view and are in – always in discussion with our regulators. But it is early days since the passage of the Senate bill, and there is nothing further that I would comment on it at this point.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And Don, can you remind us what level of CET1, do you think you need if you are out of CCAR at some point.
Don Kimble: We’ve talked about as having a CET1 of 9% to 9.5%. And we believe that is an appropriate capital range for us, and it also allows us to maintain a strength in our capital. So, we don’t have to issue capital in the downturn and continue to maintain our debt ratings that we have as well that we like being A-rated bank, and that’s helpful to reinforce that.
Steven Alexopoulos: Perfect. Thanks for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Beth. Good morning, Don.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Don, can you share with us – there’s been a number of discussion points from all the banks this quarter on the betas going higher, just like you guys discussed. And you pointed out that you’re still expecting to see margin expansion going forward, and hopefully, higher net interest income. Can you share with us, what can you do? Because I think people are getting quite alarmed that the betas are going to be negative, rising betas. What can you do to offset that to drive that margin higher or net interest revenue growth higher?
Don Kimble: We’ve got a couple of levers that others might not have available to them. One is that we’ve got about $1.2 billion in cash flow right now off our investment portfolio. And the yield of the cash flows coming out of 2.15%, and we’re getting about 125 basis points to 130 basis points additional yield on that rollover. And so that’s helpful for us, and we’re seeing benefit there. We also have, as we’ve talked before, about $18 billion worth of received fixed swaps that we use for our asset liability management. We’ve got about $6 billion of those that mature over the next year, and the received tax rate on those $6 billion is 1.1%. And so if we were to replace those today, we’d have about 170 basis point pickup in the yield. And even if we didn’t replace that, we’d still have a 90 basis point benefit, because right now, we’re paying 2% and receiving 1.1%. And so both of those will be additive. And I’d say lastly, we’re seeing our loan yield for new originations being in line with what is the average yield for our portfolio today. And so we’re not seeing the pressure there as much as what we would have seen historically. And so each one of those, I think, are helpful to help offset some of the impact from the higher betas going forward.
Gerard Cassidy: And speaking of the betas, Don, has regulation – the repeated regulation queue, I think it was finalized in 2011. Has that impacted the betas yet in your guidance business?
Don Kimble: I think it just shows a little bit more flexibility for some of our commercial customers. And what I think you’re seeing for the industry right now is that many of those commercial customers are going past their earnings credit rate they have on the deposits, and so they’re starting to move some of those excess funds into either interest-bearing deposits are taking them off balance sheet. And thank goodness for us, what we’re seeing is our non-interest-bearing deposits are relatively stable over the last several quarters. and so we’re able to retain those commercial customers and also maintain strength in that commercial loan servicing business, which help support those balances also.
Gerard Cassidy: And then just a final quick follow-up. On the capital return, obviously, you guys got a strong number. In terms of the buyback, is it equally weighted in terms if you take the total amount and divide that by four for each quarter? Or is it front-end loaded? How do you guys get approval – how did you get the approval?
Don Kimble: Well, I would say that it’s biased to being a little front-end loaded, and I’ll leave it at that.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay, that’s fair. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Peter Winter: The C&I loan growth has been really much stronger than peers for the past two quarters, which is kind of a change from the past. And I’m just wondering, are you guys doing something different than you had in the past that’s driving this growth?
Chris Gorman: Peter, it’s Chris. No, our strategy is unchanged. In fact, as we think about it, we – our credit box is unchanged, our strategy is unchanged. We’ve always been very targeted, and we’re out there growing new customers in the areas that we’re good at, and C&I is one of those. We also, of course, have a business model where, from time to time, there’s a lot of velocity of our balance sheet. So you get certain ebbs and flows. But as we – our leading indicators are, we look at how many new clients we bring on, and we look at how many enhanced relationships. And the progress has been pretty steady.
Don Kimble: Peter, this is Don. I just had a couple of other snippets there as well. In the second half of last year, we were really burdened by some fairly large increases in the paydowns. And I’d say, in the first half of this year, while they’re still elevated compared to historic levels, they’re much lower than what we would’ve seen in the second half. And the second piece I would add to that too is that you also have to remember that many of our former First Niagara markets were working through their conversions and customer assimilation. And we start to really see that origination volumes pick up here late last year and early part of this year. And one of the markets we did see some success this – early this year was in Philadelphia. And so we’re seeing some growth there that wouldn’t have been present in the 2017 results.
Peter Winter: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just the reserve-to-loan ratio down to about 1%. And I realize it’s formula-driven, but just given the strong loan growth, would you expect to add reserves more aggressively? Is there a certain level you wouldn’t want to see that reserve-to-loan ratio fall below?
Don Kimble: Even though you’re right that we’re at a 1.01% allowance of total loans, if you would back out the impact of purchase accounting and just book the reserve as they would be done on a normal basis, our reserves would be 1.16%. So, that’s more in line with peers. And I thought you might be going at it from a different angle. But we’re actually adding to our reserves, whereas many of our peers are showing provision below our charge-offs. And so we will continue to maintain the appropriate reserves and believe that we are with the credit quality, and it continues to remain in a very good position. And so we think that the reserves are appropriate at this point.
Peter Winter: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
John Pancari: I just want to go back to the loan growth question from the other side of the demand. My NIM – I believe you indicated line utilization is of a little bit. Just want to see where are you seeing any weaker demand. And also, where are the areas that you’re still maybe more cautious on or de-emphasizing?
Chris Gorman: John, a couple of things. First of all, if you think about commercial real estate, that would be an area that we’re accommodating our clients in that we’ve raised 19% more capital this year than last year. But in terms of what we’re putting on our balance sheet, we’re being extremely careful there. So in one of Don’s slides, I think, it shows that our construction piece is about 11%. So if you look at real estate, for example, we’re below the market. We’re actually shrinking by 1.2%, the market is growing by 1.1%, but that is really by strategy. And so that would be an area that I would point out to you where we’re kind of an outlier.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. And then separately, on the core margin, I know you implied that it’ll be moving modestly higher through the year. Can you just give us a little bit more color on how that progression could look like? How should we think about the pace of that improvement? And then separately, do you still see three basis points to four basis points of margin upside for each 25 basis point hike? Or is that changing?
Don Kimble: Well, in the appendix, we have some updated information as far as the interest rate sensitivity. We do show there for a 25 basis point increase, it’s a $4 million to $8 million kind of benefit on each quarter for that rate increase versus with a lower beta, it would’ve been a $12 million. And so that three basis points to four basis points is probably in the two basis points to three basis points range for each rate increase. And so we will continue to benefit from that. But also keep in mind what will continue to help support our margin is the rollover in that investment portfolio on the swap book, and each one of those should be additive as far as the overall margin impact.
John Pancari: Okay. And the progression of the NIM through the year?
Don Kimble: Well, what we’ve said basically is there’s one rate increase for June that’s not reflected in the second quarter results. And the next rate increase is not until November, and so we’ll have very little impact there. And so I would say, margin for the third quarter should step up a little bit, but in the fourth quarter probably relatively stable.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Hi. Good morning everybody. Just following up on the deposit beta discussion, the 41% going to mid-50s. I assume your guidance is implying a mid-50% deposit beta both for the June and the November hike. Is that right?
Don Kimble: It’s say that we’re ramping up through the we’ll see some of that drift into the fourth quarter. So I don’t know if it’s going to be all there in the June rate hike in the third quarter, but our expectation would be at that level later in the year.
Saul Martinez: Got it. So, it’s drifting up from the 41%, but it gets to a run rate with likely the November hike, if that comes to fruition, I guess.
Don Kimble: Right.
Saul Martinez: Okay. And then on, I guess related question on NIM. You had a very nice uptick in commercial loan yields, I think it was 19 bps. Commercial mortgages was up, I think, 15, 16 bps. Is that – should we think of that as being a result of the LIBOR fed fund spread. And if we do see that coming in, what does it mean? How do we think about C&I yields, CRE yields in – with each incremental hike?
Don Kimble: You’re right. The second quarter, we saw average one month LIBOR up 32 basis points. So that was a little stronger than fed funds. And offsetting that, as far as the commercial loan yields, is a good portion of that $18 billion in received fixed swaps are pecked against that C&I loan yield. And so that minimizes the growth in margin from that perspective. And so third quarter will probably move more in line with what we see for the average one month LIBOR as opposed to fed funds, and you’ll see that trend to continue.
Saul Martinez: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Don Kimble: Hey, Erika.
Beth Mooney: Hey, good morning.
Erika Najarian: Just wanted to clarify, Don, your response to Saul’s question. As I think about Slide 18 and – reflecting a deposit pricing beta that ramps up to 55%, does that compare to the 41% deposit beta you mentioned? Or is that compared to the cumulative 25% that you mentioned earlier?
Don Kimble: Compared to the 41%. Thank you for clarifying.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Okay. And the second question is, as we listened to Chris and all your other peers, it seems like the outlook for activity levels, especially for M&A, is quite strong in the second half of the year. As we think about potential upside surprises to investment banking and debt placement fees, what should we think about in terms of the incremental efficiency ratio for every dollar of revenue that we assume comes in through that line? Or am I thinking about it the wrong way and you’ve already sort of accrued for some of the comp in the first half of the year?
Don Kimble: I would say, one, our outlook does assume the normal seasonal trends and some of the market indications as far as what we would expect from the second half of the year for revenues. And two, what we said as far as the expense correlation that – it is highly incentive-based. And so we said that for each incremental dollar in investment banking debt basement fees, there tends to be about a 30% increase in the corresponding incentive line item. And so you would typically see, for us, fourth quarter incentives as one of the higher levels, because we’re also seeing investment banking debt placement fees at the higher level at that point of time in the year as well.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we do have the question from the line of Kevin Reevey with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Kevin Reevey: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Kevin Reevey: So, it looks like you had very strong growth in your average CD balances of $100,000 and greater. Was that driven more by customers just seeking higher yields or was it that you have any rate specials during the quarter which drove that growth?
Don Kimble: Yeah. That CD category really is the first area of that of our retail customers are accessing to get the benefit from higher rates. And as far as the CD specials, we really don’t broadcast or advertise. We really look at the relationship level as far as how we price the products. And so we do have attractive rate offers for those customers that are seeking that to get a little bit better yield. But I don’t think that we’re out in the market actively campaigning with teaser rates or overstated rates on the time deposit category.
Kevin Reevey: And then your pipeline, can you give us some color on your pipeline for the third quarter for investment banking and debt placement fees? It looks like your second quarter was exceptionally strong. And I know you mentioned that the fourth quarter is usually the strongest of the four quarters. How should we think about the third quarter?
Chris Gorman: Yeah. We always think about this business really on a trailing 12 basis. But having said that, since you asked about the third quarter, the discussions and activities we’re having with our clients and our prospect are strong. I would characterize our third quarter investment banking and debt placement fee pipeline as being strong.
Kevin Reevey: And then lastly, with First Niagara behind you, have you – what’s your appetite as far as acquisitions of depository institutions?
Beth Mooney: Yes, Kevin. This is Beth. And as we have looked at our capital priorities, we’ve been very clear that while we believe First Niagara was a good use of our capital and has been additive to our franchise, we are focused on our organic growth strategies and preserving capital for that purpose and making sure that we support return of capital to our shareholders. We’ve talked about targeting a dividend payout of some 40% to 50% and made a meaningful move with this year’s CCAR submission as well as continuing to repurchase our shares, which we believe creates good value for our shareholders. And then to the extent we have other nonorganic uses we call the people, product and capabilities, and over the last year, I think you can see examples of where we feel, for example, a year ago, acquiring HelloWallet, bringing on Cain Brothers on to our platform in the fourth quarter, reacquiring and relaunching our merchant servicing businesses. Those are examples of how we see augmenting our franchise is appropriate uses of capital in lieu of not interest or prioritizing bank acquisitions.
Kevin Reevey: Thank you. Congrats on a great quarter.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, it does appear there are no further questions in queue. Please continue.
Beth Mooney: Well, thank you, and we thank all of you for taking your time in your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks for the day, and have a great day, everyone. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Don Kimble - Chief Financial Officer Chris Gorman - President of Banking
Analysts: Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Scott Siefers - Sandler O’Neill Ken Usdin - Jefferies Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Peter Winter - Wedbush Securities John Pancari - Evercore ISI Saul Martinez - UBS Matt O’Connor - Deutsche Bank Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Mike Mayo - Wells Fargo Kevin Reevey - D. A. Davidson Jeffery Elliot - Autonomous Research Marlin Mosby - Vining Spark Kevin Parker - Piper Jaffrey
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to KeyCorp’s First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Beth Mooney. Please go ahead.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. In the room with me are Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer and Chris Gorman, our President of Banking. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of the call. I am now turning to Slide 3. The first quarter was a good start to the year for KEY with continued momentum in our core businesses as we grew and expanded relationships with our targeted clients. With a more positive economic backdrop and improving client sentiment, we are seeing strong activity and healthy dialog in our markets from clients large and small. We continue to take share and our pipelines remain strong. Our results this quarter reflect the strength of our business model and competitive positioning. Earnings per common share was up 19% from the prior year and we generated a return on tangible common equity of 15% for the quarter. Reported revenue was up over 3% from the first quarter of last year and adjusted for purchase accounting accretion, revenue growth was 4.6%, driven by a higher net interest margin, solid loan growth and strong performance from our fee based businesses. The growth in average loans this quarter was broad based and was primarily in commercial and industrial loans, which were up over 3% linked quarter. The growth reflects our success in growing and expanding middle market and corporate relationships, as well as the momentum we had coming out of the fourth quarter, the strong pipeline and activity to carry it into the first quarter for closing. Our fee based businesses once again reflected our ability to offer a full range of solutions to our clients, including off balance sheet financing alternatives that help drive our investment banking and debt placement fees to a record first quarter level. Capital markets execution enables KEY to meet our clients’ needs, drive fee income, managed portfolio risk and generate attractive returns on capital. While the mix of on and off balance sheet activity can vary in any given period, this quarter, we saw strength in both and our results continue to be a clear reflection of the success of our model. Expenses were elevated in the quarter as a result of higher benefits and severance, as well as the acceleration of certain technology costs and investments. Don will walk through the expense line items in his comment. But importantly, we remain committed to achieving our 2018 expense guidance and believe that the first quarter level will be the high point for the year. Given our outlook for revenue growth and lower expenses, we expect to move toward the high end of our long term efficiency ratio target of 54% to 56% by the end of this year. As we have discussed previously, we continue to execute on efficiency opportunities across our company, including realizing the remaining benefit from the First Niagara expense saves that will be fully captured in our second quarter results. We've also started implementation on a number of expense initiatives, including several that are a carryover from last year when resources were devoted to the integration of the acquisition. We have a high degree of confidence in achieving these incremental savings as we move through the year, which will come from such things as additional branch consolidations, savings from third party vendor contracts, realizing efficiencies in the middle and back office areas and the realignment of several business units. Final two sections on the slide highlight our stronger position in terms of both risk management and capital. Credit quality remains the strength with net charge-offs to loans at 25 basis points. We remain committed to maintaining our moderate risk profile. And our approach to capital has also remained consistent, maintaining our strong capital position, while returning a large portion of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Earlier this month, we submitted our capital plan through the CCAR process and our plan was consistent with our stated capital priorities. Overall, it was a solid start to the year. I was pleased with the growth we are seeing across our franchise. Expenses reflected some seasonal factors and other timing differences are expected to come down over the course of the year, and we remain on a path to make meaningful progress approaching the upper end of our efficiency ratio target this year. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Don for more detail on the quarter. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Beth. I’m on Slide 5. We reported first quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.38 per common share. Our results compared to $0.32 per share in the year ago period and $0.36 in the fourth quarter with prior periods adjusted to exclude notable items. Our return on average tangible common equity grew to 14.9% in the first quarter. Our cash efficiency ratio was impacted by elevated expenses in the first quarter. Importantly, as Beth mentioned and as I will comment on in more detail later, we have plans in place to reduce our expenses and we expect to approach the high end of our efficiency ratio target of 54% to 56% by the end of this year. In the first quarter, we benefited from a GAAP effective tax rate of 13%, reflecting recent tax law change and credits from investments and tax-advantaged assets. I will cover many of the remaining items on this slide in the rest of my presentation, but I’m now turning to Slide 6. Total average loans of $87 billion were up $921 million from the fourth quarter. First quarter growth was driven by commercial industrial loans, which were up over 3% linked quarter on annualized. The growth was from core relationship business in both our Community Bank and our corporate bank, and we saw a good business activity in our new and overlap markets. Importantly, we maintained our underwriting standards and remain selective and focused on our targeted clients segment. The growth this quarter also reflected the continuation of the momentum we had at year end, carryover from deals that were pushed into the first quarter and strong pipelines. Loan pay downs were still elevated slowed significantly this quarter and we would expect this trend to continue as we move through the year. On the consumer side, we saw growth from the expansion of our auto lending business into existing geographies and dealer relationships. We are also positioned -- coming into the second quarter with ending loan balances of $88 billion, up $1 billion from the average balances this quarter. Continuing on to Slide 7. Average deposits totaled $103 billion for the first quarter of 2018, down $1.2 billion or 1% on annualized compared to the fourth quarter. The cost of our total deposits was up 5 basis points from the fourth quarter, reflecting recent rate increases as well as continued migration of our portfolio into higher yielding products. Compared to the prior year, we saw retail and commercial growth and certificates of deposits as we continue to see a mix shift into higher cost deposits. We also saw a 10% increase in consumer non-interest bearing deposits. NOW and money-market accounts decline from prior year is largely due to mix shift as well as the managed exit of certain higher cost corporate and public sector deposits. On a linked quarter basis, the change in our deposit balances was primarily driven by decline in non-interest bearing deposits. These deposits were elevated in the fourth quarter due to seasonal and short-term escrows. These declines were partially offset by growth in our consumer non-interest bearing deposits. We continue to have a strong stable core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for 61% of our total deposit mix. Turning to Slide 8. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $952 million for the first quarter of 2018. The net interest margin was 3.15%. These results compared to taxable equivalent net interest income of $929 million and a net interest margin of 3.13% for the first quarter of 2017, and $952 million and 3.09% margin in the fourth quarter. Purchase accounting accretion contributed $33 million, or 11 basis points to our first quarter results. This compares with $38 million or 12 basis points in the fourth quarter and $53 million or 18 basis points in the first quarter of 2017. From the first quarter level, we continue to expect purchase account accretion to decline by approximately 10% per quarter in 2018. Excluding purchase accounting accretion, net interest income was up $43 million from the first quarter of 2017. The increase was largely driven by higher rates and low managed deposit data. Excluding purchase accounting accretion, total revenues would have increased by $67 million or 4.6% from the first quarter of 2017. Net interest income increased $5 million from the quarter excluding purchase accounting accretion as the benefit of higher interest rates and lower short-term earning assets with the lower levels of liquidity was partially offset by the day count and the impact of taxable equivalent adjustment. We expect our core net interest margin, excluding purchase accounting accretion, to move modestly higher from the remainder of this year, which assumes continued growth in our balance sheet and a rate increase mid-year and another toward the end of the year. Reflecting March rate increase as well as the expectations for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our net income outlook for the year by $50 million to now be in the range of $3.95 billion to $4.05 billion. Moving to Slide 9. KEY’s non-interest income was $601 million for the first quarter of 2018 compared to $577 million for the year ago quarter as we continue to benefit from investments in several of our fee-based businesses. Growth from the prior year was largely driven by record first quarter for investment banking debt placement fees, which were $143 million, up $16 million from the year ago period as we benefit from the acquisition of Cain Brothers, as well as strength across our capital markets platform. We also saw momentum in many of our other fee-based areas, including commercial leasing and deposit services. Compared to fourth quarter 2017 non-interest income decreased by $55 million. The decrease was largely driven by seasonal impacts in several fee-based businesses, including investment banking debt placement, cards and payments and corporate and life insurance. Turning to Slide 10. KEY’s non-interest expense was $1.006 billion for the first quarter 2018, which compares to $1.013 billion in the fourth quarter with the prior quarter adjusted for a number of notable items, including merger-related charges and the impact of tax reform and related actions. The current quarter reflected a number of seasonal and timing items, which impacted the comparison with the fourth quarter. Excluding notable items from the prior period, personnel costs were up $28 million from the fourth quarter. The drivers of this increase were $31 million in higher employee benefits costs, primarily due to seasonal increases in employer taxes and healthcare related expenses and approximately $11 million in the accretion -- the acceleration of technology development costs into the first quarter. We also incurred $5 million in severance cost this quarter. And offsetting these increases and personnel line was a decline of $24 million in incentive compensation. The increase in personnel costs were more than offset by a net $35 million reduction in non-personnel expenses, despite the impact of $4 million increase resulting from purchase accounting true-up and $3 million of higher operational losses. We expect that our elevated expense level this quarter will represent the high point for the year, and we will achieve our targeted expense range of $3.85 billion to $3.95 billion for 2018. Contributing to our lower expense run rate will be the remaining First Niagara cost base of $50 million, which should be fully reflected in our second quarter results. Additionally, as part of our ongoing continued improvement culture, we are implementing plans across the Company that will contribute to our results this year. As Beth mentioned, these cost reductions include additional branch consolidations expecting to close 40 branches this year; additional savings from third-party vendor contracts; realizing efficiencies from middle and back-office functions; realignment of several business units; and adjustment to staffing models throughout the organization. With these efforts, we expect to be approaching the high end of our long-term efficiency ratio target of 54% to 56% by the end of this year. Again, we’re maintaining our full-year guidance for non-interest expense of $3.85 billion to $3.95 billion. Moving on to Slide 11. Our credit quality remains strong. Net charge-offs were $54 million or 25 basis points of average total loans in the first quarter, which continues to be below our targeted range. Provision for credit losses was $61 million for the quarter. Non-performing loans were up $38 million or 8% from the prior quarter, but represented 61 basis points of period end loans. At March 31, 2018, our total reserve to loan losses represented 1% of period end loans and 163% coverage of non-performing loans. And turning to Slide 12. Capital remains strength for our company with a common equity Tier 1 ratio at the end of the fourth quarter of 10%. We continue to repurchase common shares during the quarter, which totaled to $199 million. We submitted our capital plans earlier this month with the requested capital actions, which are consistent with our earlier messages of continuing to increase the common dividend to a level approaching our long-term targeted payout range of 40% to 50%. Our requested share repurchases will also move our capital closer to our long-term common equity Tier 1 target of 9% to 9.5%. Slide 13 is our outlook for 2018. With the exception of the higher net interest income and adjusting our tax rate guidance, our outlook remains the same with what we shared with you in January. We continue to expect average loan balances to increase to $88.5 billion to $89.5 billion range with deposits growing less than loans. As I mentioned earlier, net interest income is expect to be in the range of $3.95 billion to $4.05 billion with our outlook assuming one more increase in middle of the year and another later in the year. In our appendix, we also updated our net interest guidance -- our interest rates sensitivity slide, which provides different rate and balance sheet assumptions. We anticipate the non-interest income will be in the range of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion as we continue to drive growth from our core businesses into the First Niagara revenue synergies. We continue to expect non-interest expense to be in the range of $3.85 billion to $3.95 billion with the first quarter marking the high point in expenses for the year. Net charge-offs expect to remain below our targeted range of 40 basis points to 60 basis points and our loan loss provision should slightly exceed our level of net charge-offs provided for loan growth. And given our lower starting point this quarter, we've adjusted our full-year guidance for our GAAP tax rate down to 17% to 18%. As Beth said, this was a good start to the year for us with continued growth across our franchise. There was some noise and then seasonality in our expense but we remain confident on our outlook and expect to make meaningful progress this year toward achieving our long-term goal. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. First one is from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe: Just have a quick question on the efficiency ratio target. Are you guys referring to reported efficiency ratio, the 54% to 56% or are you excluding the intangible amortization?
Don Kimble: Other than cash efficiency ratio and that’s why we use as our target, which would exclude the intangible, that’s correct.
Ken Zerbe: And then just in terms of technology spend. I guess, how are you thinking about additional technology expense from here. Because I guess my question is, what is the risk that in future quarters we see additional, let’s call it, accelerated technology spend that may -- or I assume it’s all built into your expense guidance. But I guess I’m curious about the up side risk there.
Don Kimble: No, it is built into our guidance and we would expect the first quarter like expenses overall, will be the high point as far as our technology spend and we will continue to manage that appropriately going forward.
Ken Zerbe: And then just one last question. On Slide 7, you mentioned the migration into higher yielding products in terms of the deposit side. Can you just elaborate on how pervasive is that and what do you expect over the course of the year? Thanks.
Don Kimble: I think you can see that in that in the time deposit line item, we’re seeing much more growth there than we are in other deposit products. And that’s essentially where the consumer and some commercial customers are going to get the increased rate, but we’re not seeing a lot of the core money market pricing and others change yet. And so we’re seeing that drift back into time deposits and we expect that to continue throughout the next year.
Operator: And next we’ll go to Scott Siefers with Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Thank you for the comments about the high watermark and expenses going down from here. I’m wondering if you’re willing -- if you maybe a little more specific on your thoughts on the trajectory for the remainder of the year. I guess what I’m asking is, would you expect an immediate step down in cost in the 2Q and then some growth from there or is this more ratable change over the course of the year. And then I guess the follow on question to that is almost like clockwork, I guess the way your expenses are going to project this year is almost reverse the way they typically do in the first quarter is typically the low watermark for the year and by wide margin, the fourth quarter tends to be the highest, I think mostly because of investment banking. So have you baked into the guide, that seasonal increase in compensation costs in the fourth quarter and so you still think you can lower expenses even in spite of what typically is a weaker end of the year and cost.
Don Kimble: And I would say that as we look at our outlook for expenses from the first quarter level that would imply that the second through fourth quarter should on average be down about $40 million. And so if we look at what we incurred in here in the first quarter, we had the higher benefit cost of about $30 million and also we had some one-time items that what I would mention as far as the accounting. Purchase accounting true-up which costs us about $4 million and also elevated operating losses which cost us about $3 million. And so those three combined are in that $38 million range. We would expect the benefit cost come down meaningfully here in the second quarter. We won’t recapture a 100% of that $30 million windfall but we do expect to see a meaningful adjustment down for that. We’d also expect those other items of purchase accounting true-up and the operating losses not to continue for that base. But we do expect to see some other things that would occur in the second quarter, which includes some of the merit increases come through and those will be offset by some of the savings that we’ll be expecting to achieve. And to your earlier question, we are also taking in consideration the increased compensation related to higher investment banking fees throughout the rest of this year as well. And so that is embedded in our guidance for this year and as a result, we would expect to see a different trajectory as far as expenses this year compared what we would have seen in previous years and more of that’s related to the timing of some these expense programs that we’ve talked about and making sure that we achieve those savings as part of our continues improvement to offset those increases.
Scott Siefers: So basically regardless of what happens on the revenue side, you’re going to be -- your plan is to enter 2019 off of a lower 4Q expense base than we got now almost regardless of what happens, right?
Don Kimble: It’d be our expectation based on the timing of these expense initiatives we talked about.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Just an follow up to Scott’s questions, thanks for all the color Don. The question is like expense are going to go down for the rest of the year but then it seems like we’ll have a new seasonality so we should just expect -- should we expect first quarters to generally be the high watermark for the absolute expense quarters as we go into ’19 as well or are we just now on a different trend down, down, down the hallway?
Don Kimble: We would expect to see some seasonality in the first quarter of every year, mainly because of the benefit expenses. I would say that this first quarter, we had about $20 million of items that were elevated compared what our expectations would have been coming into the quarter. Benefit cost themselves were about $5 million higher, we had severance costs of $5 million and then we also have the other two items I mentioned, which was the true up of purchase accounting and also the higher operational losses, which we wouldn’t expect to continue going forward.
Ken Usdin: And then just on -- really helpful to give us that approaching the high end of 40 -- 54 to 56 that’s a far-far away from 62.9 that you just printed given all the things you just talked about. I just want to -- can you help us understand what approaching really means, is it really directionally or is actually expected you can really, really get tight to that 56 side.
Don Kimble: We mean that we will be closely approaching that 56 side.
Operator: Our next question is from Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you give us some additional color, you had some strong commercial loan growth in the quarter, sequentially annualized it was about 12%, I guess. Can you share with us where that's coming from may be geographically? And Don I think you mentioned something about some overlapping, I am assuming with the First Niagara franchise some growth came from that area and the some further color on this growth.
Don Kimble: I’ll ask Chris to provide some more color here as well. But you’re right. The growth was driven by a number of things, one is that we did have some pipelines and volumes that really got pushed out of the fourth quarter into the first quarter, and so we saw growth there. We also benefited this quarters significantly from pay downs being lower and that was about $1.3 billion lower pay-offs this quarter than what we had in the fourth quarter. And so that was a huge benefit to us as well. And the growth was across the board, and I think Chris will highlight some of the market, especially some of those new markets for us that contributed to it.
Chris Gorman: So if you just step back for a second, our business is one where we’re constantly out talking to our clients and things develop over time. So if you step back, we have more bankers, we have better dialogue, we have more clients, we continue to expand the clients that we have. So in any given quarter, you'll see movements like this. We had really strong performance across the board. We had strong performance in the Rocky Mountains, strong performance in the Pacific Northwest, we had strong performance in our Hudson Valley area. And we also had strong performance in some of these overlap markets that Don mentioned and those would be markets like Buffalo and some of our new markets like Pittsburg and Philadelphia. Also in our industry based businesses, we had pretty much across the board growth, so it was just a really good quarter for both on and off balance sheet growth.
Gerard Cassidy: And then shifting to the other side of the balance sheet on the deposit side, I may have not heard this so I apologize. Can you give us an idea of what the deposit betas are doing today? And what is your expectation and when you will get to your terminal deposit beta, is it later this year 2019 and about what level would that be when you look at it?
Don Kimble: As far as the deposit beta this quarter, you can look at our deposit rate went up by about 5 basis points this quarter compared to the 25 basis points increase in fed fund. So calculating just that way simplistically, it’s about 25%, on a cumulative basis we’re at 22%. We would expect that 25% to continue to increase throughout the rest of this year and probably getting into the 2019 time period for future increases would be more to our normalized beta, which we've historically talked about mid-50s beta. And so we would see a gradual increase from here to that point. And those are the assumptions are baked into our net interest income guidance for the outlook for this year.
Operator: Our next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Just wanted to follow-up on Scott and Ken's line of questioning. So I thought it was very clear the way you outline some of the seasonality, Don, on the first quarter expense line. But within the revenue parameters that you laid out in Slide 13, the quarterly run rate for expenses should average between $965 million to $981 million using the mid-point to high point of your expense range.
Don Kimble: That's correct and so I would just say that it's roughly on average about $40 million decline from what the first quarter level was. And again a good portion of that really comes from the removal of some of these one time or seasonal items. And so essentially the increases and incentive compensation related to stronger performance and capital markets and some of the other investments we’d be making will be offset by the impact of the cost savings we talked about and timing of those.
Erika Najarian: And as a follow-up on the net interest income guide, you guys clearly outperformed on client activity trends among regional banks this quarter. I am wondering what average loan growth and balance sheet side you've contemplated underneath that $3.95 billion to $4.05 billion guidance.
Don Kimble: What we've included in here is the guidance we have for total loans. And so the midpoint of that I believe was $89 billion and the midpoint of the deposits was in the $1.04 billion range, so those would both be about $2 billion increase from where we were on average basis for the first quarter. And based on how we’re positioned to-date with our ending balances for loans being up $1 billion dollars from the average for the first quarter, I think we're off to a good start here in the second quarter.
Erika Najarian: And one last one for Beth. Beth, with the stress capital buffer proposals that had come out two weeks ago or I guess last week clearly favorable for lower risk models like KeyCorp and favorable towards higher dividend payers. I am wondering if that could potentially change how you’re thinking about capital return if the proposal is passed as written?
Beth Mooney: Good question Erika, and no it does not. But it certainly does augment and support how we have talked about our capital priorities.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: If have to look at pretax pre-provision net revenue for the first quarter, it was down 4% year-over-year. And I’m just wondering did you possibly frontload some of the expenses for the revenue enhancements last year, and so there should be better operating leverage going forward?
Don Kimble: I would say that the pre-provision net revenue impact really was related to more of the timing and some of the elevated level of expenses this quarter that we expect to see come down throughout the rest of the year. And as far as the investments we’re making and the revenue synergies that more of those as we’ve talked about before are proportionate to the revenue. And so we still believe we’re on a path to achieve a run rate for those revenue synergies of $150 million a year by the end of this year and achieve $300 million target by the end of next year.
Peter Winter: And then just one quick one on credit, it’s not major. But I’m just wondering there was an increase in C&I non-performing. Just wondering if you could give a little color?
Don Kimble: It tend to be more deal specifics, so there really isn’t any trend or any specifics as far as industry seen any stress or pressure, it really is just one item at a time. So no big or unusual transactions and no industry concentrations there.
Operator: And next we’ll go to John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Thanks for the color on the expense trends. I don’t mean to kick the dead horse here, but I am going to kick it twice. On the expense number, just can you talk about your -- if revenues does come in weaker this year for any given reason, could you just talk about your ability and your willingness to be more flexible on the expenses, and your ability to pull back in order to get to the efficiency target?
Don Kimble: You’re right on that point but keep in mind that a good portion of the revenue growth is coming from more of our fee-based businesses, and some of those are tied to the capital markets and there is a direct correlation between the expenses associated with supporting that and their actual revenues. And so revenue if revenue don't come through, we would see a corresponding reduction to the expenses. And we’ve always talked as well as that we’re very focused on continuous improvement. And we’ve talked about times will make investments, because we’re seeing the payback and have additional revenue growth opportunities for making those investments. At times revenues won't be there, and so we’ll pull back on the expenses. And you’ve seen a little bit of that here with this quarter and what we’re talking about, because the expense initiatives that were taken on for the rest of this year are probably elevated and toward the upper end of what our normal guidance range would be to make sure that we can manage to and live up to our commitments we made as far as our expense outlook.
John Pancari: And then separately again on expenses, you haven't announced any plans to reinvest your tax saving yet, a lot of your peers have. And so I guess, could you just about -- I know you’re not signaling anything just yet and you indicated that the IT investments are ongoing, but not going to drive a big jump in cost. What is the likelihood that 2019 that you relocate the tax savings and decide to reinvest a portion of that into IT or any other area?
Don Kimble: I would say when the tax law changed, we did make an investment in our people and we increased our minimum-wage to $15 an hour, and so that was meaningful to a lot of our employees and I feel that was appropriate step to take. And we also had a one-time contribution to the retirement funds for those individuals as well. And so that was both we thought very constructive. We’re very focused on continuing to drive the core and we want to focus on driving positive operating leverage for the current year and we’ll expect to do the same thing in ’19 and beyond in. And for us to do that, our investments will have to be made through benefits we have from cost savings and from future revenue growth. And so it won't be a direct result or connected to the tax reform that’s occurred.
Operator: Our next question is from Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: First is just a clarification on your NII guidance. This year’s slide deck you made it clear that it's on a tax equivalent basis, in previous versions I think it wasn’t explicitly specified. I just want to make sure that this numbers is on a like for like basis. I know it’s not a big number but it’s about $30 million, so I just wanted to make sure that we’re comparing the respective guides on a similar basis.
Don Kimble: No, you're right. And the recently we added that this quarter is last quarter's call I had a question as whether or not that was taxable equivalent or not, and it was. And so on a consistent basis, we just want to make sure that I was clear for the investors to know that.
Saul Martinez: And to beat a dead horse, I guess a little further couple of quick questions on cost. The $15 million of cost savings that you’ve realized, how much of that was in the run rate in the first quarter and how much do you expect to incremental expense save you expect to filter into the second quarter and beyond?
Don Kimble: We have said that the full amount is in the second quarter outlook, so we will have it achieved. And I would say that we were over half the way there in the first quarter, and then you would see that in some of the non-personnel related expenses, which are down $35 million on a linked quarter basis.
Saul Martinez: And I guess final question on the cost and maybe I don’t know if it’s -- I know you talked about the seasonality in some detail. But it’s still not clear to me why this first quarter the seasonality in the expense line was so much greater than it has been in previous years. Obviously, couple of years ago you didn't have First Niagara, but it seems very, very pronounced. So can you just walk me through why this year it was -- is seemingly so different in terms of seasonality?
Don Kimble: Your right, first quarter of last year would have had some noise around First Niagara, so it might not have been quite as transparent as it is this year. If you look at just, for example the benefit costs, we’re up $10 million on an adjusted basis this quarter compared to a year ago quarter. $5 million of which was timing related and so that was more pronounced of this quarter than what we would have expected. And then beyond that as far as expenses as I highlighted earlier, we really had about $20 million worth of expenses, but just broke against this quarter and we wouldn’t expect that to continue or recur. But anything that to turned against us this quarter from an expense perspective and so that really made the overall seasonality and timing related issues even more pronounced this quarter than what it has been historically.
Chris Gorman: And going forward we shouldn’t on average expect this kind of seasonality in 1Q.
Don Kimble: We would expect ongoing seasonality as far as the benefit cost and some other day count related issues going forward that's correct.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt O’Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O’Connor: So a lot of details on expenses for the full-year and what you expect existing the year. But just if you can narrow down what do you expect the range of expenses to be in 2Q specifically just to reduce the risk of any miscommunication on that might be helpful.
Don Kimble: Matt, we typically don’t given guidance specifically on a quarterly basis. But I will say that the majority of that $30 million benefit increase we should see it come down. And so I would expect to see in the neighborhood of about $25 million decline for that line item. Two of the other line items that I talked about that we wouldn’t expect to continue at that level, it would be purchase true-up, which cost us about $4 million in the elevated operation losses which were about $3 million. And so those combined would imply about a $30 million reduction on a core basis to expenses, and I think that's a good walking around assumption for this point in time.
Matt O’Connor: And then just separately, the trust fees, if we look year-over-year we’re down a little bit. I'm just wondering what's driving that. Obviously, market level has been choppy of way, but cumulatively over the last year, up nicely and that's why one component of it. But just remind us what the puts and takes are there and why that's down little bit year-over-year?
Chris Gorman: Actually, our private banking business, which is the bulk of that, is actually on a really good trajectory. You probably saw we had $39 billion of AUM and we continue to gain a lot of traction there. That was somewhat offset by challenging comp periods for both our equity and our fixed income trading businesses.
Matt O’Connor: And how much are the trading revenues versus the private bank roughly about disclosed?
Chris Gorman: We've never disclose that, but it's relatively small vis-à-vis the private banking business.
Matt O’Connor: And why were those areas weak? I think, if we look at the broader and some banking universe thinking equity overall was flat to up depending on the mixes between the two?
Chris Gorman: In that business, both our fixed income and our equity business, we really are just facilitating liquidity for our clients. The equity platforms in general I think are under a lot of pressure in terms of margins. And we just didn’t have the quarter and fixed income that we've had previously.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: I wanted to start, first follow-up on a commentary around accelerating the tech project. I saw the headlines that KEY upgrading its lending platform, one the airplanes upgrade the entire core. And is that what's driving this accelerated tech project that's my first question?
Don Kimble: Good question, and two of the initiatives that we've really kicked off and this year it has been more of the consumer lending platforms, both for residential real-estate related and also for non-residential real-estate, so there are two initiatives. Those really are the area of increase for this year. I would say that in future years, we’ll continue to have a component of our technology development to continue to reinvest in the core. And so we will see opportunities there to make those investments, and those will be again more consistent with the overall plan and efforts. This year, we also have some digital investments going on that we think that will be an ongoing part of our business model as well, because we believe those are critical for us continue to stay current and make sure that we're making the appropriate investments in the digital aspects for both our consumer and commercial customers.
Steven Alexopoulos: And what’s the anticipated tech spend this year?
Don Kimble: When we look at technology spend that we would tend to have captured in a couple different buckets. One is for personnel and contractors, which all will go through the personnel line item where we saw that elevated level. And that would be in the $120 million to $125 million range for this year. I would say our total technology spend is closer to $200 million, which would include some software and hardware investment as well. And that's fairly consistent with what we’ve had on a run rate. But keep in mind in some prior periods more of the efforts were focused on the integration and conversion for First Niagara. And so we’re seeing those efforts more aligned now to the platform, the digital and just ongoing core investments in the business.
Steven Alexopoulos: And maybe for Beth. With the potential upgrade in costs which are significant upgrade the core overtime. Do you think you have enough scale at the size to make the needed investments in tech or do you think you need get larger share?
Beth Mooney: As we look at it, we think we have the adequate resources to support both our business strategies and the investments that we need to enable those. And that would include people, product and capabilities as we’ve talked about in the past. So being smart in allocating and prioritizing our investments is always part of how you do this, but certainly a discipline that we believe we have and do believe we are well-positioned to compete.
Steven Alexopoulos: If I could squeeze one more in. On the expense initiatives, you talked about realigning business unit staffing adjustments. Can you give a little more color on what you're doing there? Thank you.
Don Kimble: Realignment of those businesses, as we’ve gone through the integration with First Niagara, we identified some areas where we can make things more efficient and more effective. And so we have combined some areas and that’s -- a lot of gain some efficiencies from a business alignment. And then as far as the staffing models, we just have a number of areas where we’re performing outside what our normal models would be and we’re achieving those targeted levels through normal attrition of other efforts. And so it’s just making sure that we continue to adhere to those models and continue to deliver the synergies we would expect to see from the combination.
Operator: And next we’ll go to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: So still on the efficiency topic, so retail efficiency is 69% and that’s flat with the year ago despite the First Niagara merger savings and everything else that you're doing. If you could just give some color why that has improved despite the merger savings? And maybe it’s some allocation to the business line or maybe you're not happy with the progress, or maybe your spending the benefits of the savings or some other reason. If you could give some color on that would be great?
Don Kimble: And as far as the efficiency ratio for the overall Community Bank that we are seeing the improvements that we want to see that we are seeing the savings come through for the merger. The Community Bank was a disproportionate party that was impacted by some of these seasonal and/or unusual costs this quarter and that drove their efficiency ratio up. We would expect to continue to see some strong positive operating leverage from the Community Bank going forward and expect to see some of these seasonal items go away and show some meaningful progress going forward from that.
Mike Mayo: A follow up, it sounds like you’re not -- you’re probably super excited about having a 69% efficiency ratio in that business line. It sounds like you expect that to improve. But if you’re spending $200 million a year on your technology budget, just going back to scale question at a timeline, the technology budget of say JPMorgan of $11 billion and you’re spending $200 million a year on technology. Is the investing phase potentially going to last longer than you expect? And if you could just clear is that right the $200 million a year on technology?
Don Kimble: You’re right. As far as the overall spend, I would say that we can remain very competitive with that. The other thing that we have going forward is our ability to partner with fintechs and other providers. And so while we might not be developing our own capabilities like some of the larger banks might, we believe we can get some of the same benefits. And we’ve talked about that in the payment space where we have a number of strategic partnerships where we can bring to market very competitive and very technically advanced types of products and capabilities to our customers without having to develop that ourselves. And so the $200 million is just consistent with how we look at as far as the spend and believe it’s appropriately positioned going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Reevey with D. A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Kevin Reevey: So first question is for Chris or for Don. Are you seeing any increase in your line utilization at the end of the quarter versus the prior quarter?
Don Kimble: Actually, our utilization across both our community and corporate banks has been relatively flat.
Kevin Reevey: And then moving towards your order book, I know it’s a small percentage of your overall loan portfolio. How is the order book behaving?
Don Kimble: The order book has done very well. But again we focus on a FICO score of about 760, the delinquencies has been holding up very well and we’re fine with the performance of the that business. And as we highlighted, that’s been an area of benefit to us as far as taking that product across the legacy key footprint to the dealers that we already have relationships with. And so we’re seeing some synergies from that as well.
Kevin Reevey: And then my last question is on revenue enhancements from the First Niagara, it’s a follow-up to Gerard's question. Can you talk about any revenue enhancements that you're seeing from there?
Don Kimble: Again, on that front, we do expect that those are moving in line with outlook that we expect to be at $150 million run rate by the end of this year and $300 million by the end of next year. Where we're seeing benefits already are on the commercial payments space where we continue to see a nice adoption rate going from the former First Niagara customers and some of the products and capabilities we have there. We’ve seen some strong growth as far as the capital markets related activities, especially on the commercial real estate customers or First Niagara. And we placed about $400 million of debt on that front, so that’s been a real win for us. We talked about indirect auto earlier with you Kevin as well, and so we’re seeing growth there. One thing that hasn’t shown as much on the bottom line so to speak that we’re seeing good activity is the residential mortgage. And if we look at the application volumes here for the first quarter, they’re up 41% from a year ago. And so we haven't seen volume come through as far as closed deals and that we are optimistic that we’re starting to see some pick up here in the second quarter and beyond.
Beth Mooney: And Kevin, I would add that on mortgage side part of what we talked about last year was ramping up our staffing as well as investments and making sure our platforms from a underwriting through servicing we’re ready to accommodate what we saw was probably the largest driver of our revenue synergy. And so I would say we entered 2018 staffed and ready, but that is something that will definitely build throughout the year, and is reported on our income statement in the way where we will be able to track it.
Operator: And next we’ll go to Jeffery Elliot with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffery Elliot: Maybe back to that little pick-up in C&I non-performers, I mean I hear you say that it's nothing industry specific. But is there anything in terms of the characteristics of those companies or deals anything might leverage or interest cover that stands out as a common factor across loans that have gone into non-performing?
Don Kimble: There really aren't any comment threads there at all, but what we're seeing in our small leverage portfolio that are relatively stable and it continues to perform well. It is more of a deal-by-deal basis that we're seeing some increases there, and it's very slight. And it's up from the fourth quarter but down from the first quarter of last year, and as the percentage of total loans at 61 basis points, which is still pretty low compared to the industry overall.
Jeffery Elliot: And more broadly, we started to see some more press on rising leverage in the corporate sector. We've heard from one or two other banks comments on that as the sign that we might be getting later in the cycle. Do you agree that that's a concern or how do you think about that?
Chris Gorman: So there is really two things, one is our book. Our leverage book has been flat for some period of time, so that's a book that is a small percentage of our total loan portfolio, and secondly it has a lot of velocity. With respect to leverage in general and what we're seeing in the marketplace, there is in fact rising levels of leverage in some transactions in some parts of our business and obviously that's something we watch very closely.
Operator: And next we go to Marlin Mosby with Vining Spark. Please go ahead.
Marlin Mosby: Focusing a little bit more on the revenue side. You had a pipeline for the investment banking debt placement, just curious about the step down that we have this particular quarter. Do you think that's a temporary pull-back or do you think that this is more normal levels and there is a little bit of pull through or acceleration as rates were going up that people are trying to do deals faster than the rates were climbing. So just thought about that revenue stream as you move through rest of the year?
Chris Gorman: What I think you’re really seeing is a pretty typical seasonality that we experienced in that line. We always look at that line on a trailing 12 basis. And so if you look at, for example, in absolute terms this is a record first quarter for us. If we look at our backlogs now vis-à-vis a year ago, our backlogs are actually better than they were a year ago. So we feel pretty good about where the business is. There was one thing and we noted there were few of pay downs in the first quarter and when you have fewer pay downs, typically that can adversely impact the fee line and investment banking and that placement fees as well. But we feel really good about where the business is and particularly where it is vis-à-vis this time last year.
Marlin Mosby: And then, Don, I have two questions for you and in terms of one if you look at the roll-up of security yields, as well as just our interest rate swaps as they now re-priced, you’ll get actually the pull up in those yields. So could your net margin actually continue to increase, let's say the fed stop raising rates just because where medium and longer term rates are as there benefit. And then also the tax rate popped down this quarter. Is that related to the stock price and probably benefits and is that -- was that an unusual item? So just two items I want you to look at. Thanks.
Don Kimble: As far as the overall margin, we do believe that they’ll be a lift there as far as the cash flows are for our investment portfolio. I think we highlighted that the new purchases were coming on at about a point higher than what the roll-off of the portfolio, and we’re seeing about a $1.2 billion plus of the cash flow each quarter now on the investment portfolio, same thing on the swap books. We had about $1.4 billion of maturities to the swap book and the roll off rate versus the new rate for those replacement swaps is about 160 basis points wider. And so we’re seeing lift there as well. And so we think those would both be additive. And so when we think that there could be some lift there, we would refer to the core margin as being relatively stable even if rates don't go up with maybe some slight bias for something with lift there, because offsetting that would be the continue drift to the portfolio on the deposit side more on the time deposits, and also seeing some of the impact as far as a continued reduction in purchase accounting accretion, which would decrease our margin by about a basis point a quarter. And then as far as the taxes, you're right but they’re really two components that drove that each in the $10 million range as far as the benefit this quarter, one was for the employees stock purchases and vesting that occurred; and that really is more heightened as far as the first quarter based on when some of the stock plans do vest; the other was higher tax credits. And the way that we would look at that is it did have a benefit to us this quarter, but that really essentially offset some of the timing issues we saw on the expense side. And so we feel pretty good about the quarter being at $0.38 and feel that both of those essentially offset each other and provide for a baseline for us going forward.
Operator: And we‘ll go to Kevin Parker with Piper Jaffrey. Please go ahead.
Kevin Parker: One of your competitors is mentioning that there is increased competition in the market due to the effect of tax reform. Have you contemplated increased competition on loan yields in your NII guidance and are you seeing some of that increased competition in your markets today?
Don Kimble: I’ll take the first crack at this and hand it over to Chris to get more color on the competition. But I would say that pricing on the commercial front has been extremely competitive here over the last year plus. And we’re not seeing any change or acceleration of that competition, or any more pressure on the pricing after the tax reform than what we did before. And so I don't want to characterize this as there isn't some impact there, but I would say that it’s the continuation of what we’ve been seeing. Our outlook for the net interest income guidance for us does assume that we continue to see a very competitive marketplace as far as pricing for new loan volumes and re-pricing.
Chris Gorman: Don, one thing that I would add to that is in the real estate area, I think level of intensity has even increased to a greater degree than on the C& I front. And you see that really reflected in our business, because we have -- our approach to serving our clients has remained unchanged. But you can see that were getting significant growth in terms of commercial mortgage were up 21% on quarter-over-quarter basis. And so what we’re doing is we’re figuring out really the right place to take our clients and to fund their needs.
Kevin Parker: Are you seeing any particular markets or asset classes within commercial real estate where you're seeing greater competition versus others?
Chris Gorman: I would say real estate broadly and then specifically, we see it in multifamily probably as much as anything. Also industrial is an area where there has been significant price appreciation. Over the last year, there's been about an 11% appreciation in industrial space and then last quarter, there was mid single digit, so that scenario that's hot as well.
Operator: And with no further questions, I'll turn it back to you Ms. Mooney for any closing comments.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. And again, we thank you all for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks for today. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney - Chairman, CEO & President Don Kimble - CFO Chris Gorman - VP and President of Banking William Hartmann - CRO
Analysts: Scott Siefers - Sandler O’Neill & Partners Erika Najarian - Bank of America Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan John Pancari - Evercore Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Ken Usdin - Jefferies Peter Winter - Wedbush Securities Kevin Reevey - D.A. Davidson Saul Martinez - UBS Gerard Cassidy - RBC Bill Carcache - Nomura
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the KeyCorp Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I'd now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Beth Mooney. Please go ahead.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. In the room with me is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Gorman, President of Banking; and Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer.  As announced in December, Bill will be retiring, and Mark Midkiff will be joining Key next week as our new Chief Risk Officer, so we want to thank Bill for his years of service to Key and all that he has done for our company.  Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call.  I'm now moving to Slide 3. Before I discuss the details of the quarter, I want to make a few observations. First, 2017 was a strong year for Key with continued momentum in our core businesses and the successful integration of our First Niagara acquisition, and I believe our business fundamentals and competitive positioning are more favorable than any point in my tenure with the company. Whether it's the quality of our people at all levels of the organization, the depth and breadth of our client relationships from our retail business up through our large corporate franchise, the quality of our customer offering, including product capabilities, expertise, and our commitment to financial wellness, the strength of our balance sheet and our overall risk profile, our strategic focus across every business unit and our reputation within our communities from Maine to Alaska, the fact is we have never been better as a company.  Based on this positioning, as well as our positive outlook for general economic conditions that we expect to benefit our consumer and commercial clients, we are pleased this morning to announce increased long-term performance targets for Key. Specifically, we are revising our cash efficiency ratio target to 54% to 56% and increasing our return on tangible common equity target to a range of 15% to 18%. These reflect our confidence in Key's competitive positioning and our ability to continue to deliver positive operating leverage and stronger returns.  With that, let me move to our fourth quarter results, which at the outset, I would acknowledge are somewhat noisy. Some of the moving pieces were environmental and industry-wide, including the impact of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act, while others were related to our business model or recent actions we have taken, but importantly, it was a solid finish to a strong year for Key with positive underlying trends.  We reported fourth quarter earnings of $0.17 per common share or $0.36 after adjusting for notable items, including merger-related charges and the impact from the new tax law, along with other related actions. Details on the notable items can be found in our earnings materials, and our remarks today will focus on our adjusted numbers, which are comparable to prior periods. Don will discuss the impact of the new tax law on our results. We view this as a very positive change that should benefit both Key and its clients by strengthening the competitive position of U.S. businesses, increasing take home pay for American workers and promoting stronger economic growth.  This was our eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year positive operating leverage and our return on average common tangible common equity was over 13% for the quarter. Revenue grew 3.5% from the prior quarter, driven by continued growth in our fee-based businesses. The primary driver of the growth in noninterest income was investment banking and debt placement fees, which reached new record levels for both the quarter and the year.  In 2017, investment banking and debt placement fees were over $600 million with organic growth of almost 20%. Other fee-based businesses also contributed to our growth this quarter, including cards and payments which increased 12% from the prior year. Expenses this quarter were elevated and included merger-related charges and tax-related items. The quarter also reflects higher expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2017, as well as higher incentives that are tied to our strong capital markets production. On our balance sheet, we continue to grow stable, low-cost deposits. Average loans declined this quarter, which was not consistent with our expectation, driven primarily by our commercial real estate business, where we saw higher debt placements which contributed to our record Investment banking fees as well as elevated loan paydowns. In the fourth quarter alone, our commercial real estate team placed $4 billion of commercial mortgage loans in the capital markets. C&I loans grew late in the quarter, which is reflected in our period-end balances, but did not benefit the quarterly averages. Overall, I am pleased with how our business model with our broad product offering continues to meet the financing needs of our clients through both on- and off- balance sheet alternatives. Key is distinctive among regional banks in the breadth of solutions we can provide to our clients, and, in this environment, the capital markets have been very attractive.  Capital markets execution enables Key to meet our client’s needs, drive fee income, manage portfolio risk and generate attractive returns on capital. Importantly, we continue to see strong business activity and pipelines and our teams remained focused on finding the best solutions for our clients. Turning to our full year results, we made a meaningful step forward in 2017. Most noteworthy was the achievement of a number of significant milestones that we committed to for both Key and our First Niagara acquisition. In 2017, we reached $400 million in annual run-rate cost savings from the merger, with another $50 million expected to be realized early this year.  Our cash efficiency ratio for the year was 60.2%, an improvement of 410 basis points compared to the prior year. We generated revenue synergies which continue to provide significant upside over the next several years, and we increased our return on tangible common equity to 13.1% for the year, an improvement of over 280 basis points versus last year. This drove the fifth consecutive year of positive operating leverage and a meaningful step change in our performance. One of the standouts for the year was the double-digit growth in noninterest income, driven by record results in our capital markets businesses as well as our 23% increase in cards and payments income. Additionally, we made a number of strategic investments during the year, including the fourth-quarter acquisition of Cain Brothers. The addition of Cain, along with HelloWallet, merchant services and the build-out of our residential mortgage platform makes us a stronger franchise and will provide significant growth opportunities in the years ahead. Credit quality remained an area of focus for us in 2017, which resulted in strong credit metrics in the current year and, equally important, should position us well as we move through the next cycle. We’ve also remained disciplined in managing our strong capital position, including returning a significant portion to our shareholders. Over the past five years, we have repurchased over $2.2 billion in common shares and our compounded annual growth rate for the dividend has been 14%. And in the fourth quarter, we increased our common share dividend for the second time in 2017 to $0.105 per common share. I am now turning to Slide 4. I will close my remarks where I began with our new long-term financial targets. These include a cash efficiency ratio in the mid 50% range and a return on average to tangible common equity of 15% to 18%. Achievement of these targets will be another meaningful step forward on our journey to becoming one of the top performing banks. 2017 was a significant and pivotal year for Key. We made a meaningful step change in performance and delivered on our First Niagara commitment. We grew our businesses and made investments to strengthen our franchise and product offering which positions us well for the future. We also continue to have significant upside across our company including the opportunity to create incremental value from our First Niagara acquisition. In early 2018, we expect to deliver the remaining cost savings of $50 million bringing the total cost takeout to $450 million and we plan to reach our target of $300 million in run rate revenue synergies by the end of 2019. As we look ahead, we are encouraged by the improving business climate. I expect 2018 to be another good year for our customers and our community, and with our talented and dedicated team, I believe that Key is well-positioned to continue to grow and deliver returns to our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Don to provide some additional color on the quarter. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Beth. I’m on Slide 6. We reported fourth quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.17 per common share. Adjusting for notable items including merger-related charges and the one-time impact of tax reform and related items, adjusted earnings per common share was $0.36. Our adjusted results compare to $0.31 per share in the year-ago period and $0.35 in the third quarter. The most significant item in the fourth quarter was the impact from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passed in December which resulted in Key taking a number of actions including the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities as well as certain tax-advantaged assets. The revaluation resulted in additional tax expense of $147 million recognized in the fourth quarter. Noninterest expense increased by $29 million in the quarter related to the impairment of certain tax-advantaged assets and additional contributions to the employee retirement accounts. Importantly, the tax reform provisions will result in a lower federal income tax rate for Key going forward. As part of our outlook for 2018, we expect the effective tax rate between 18% and 19%. I will cover many of the remaining items on this slide in the rest of my presentation so I’m now turning to Slide 7. Total average loans of $86 billion were up 646 million compared to a year-ago quarter and down $808 million from the third quarter. The decline reflects higher loan paydowns and clients taking advantage of attractive capital markets alternatives. Importantly, Key’s business model positions us to be able to offer our clients a wide range of alternatives both on and off balance sheet and capture the capital markets fee income that is generated. The decline in average balances this quarter was primarily driven by our commercial real estate business which saw $870 million higher debt placements and loan paydowns compared to the average of the first three-quarters of this year. This is an area that we continue to leverage our business model to drive fee income, manage portfolio risk and generate higher returns. This year we had a record level of $11.5 billion of commercial mortgage loans placed in the market including $4 billion in the fourth quarter. In addition, average commercial loans declined slightly during the quarter due to lower line utilization. This decline in utilization reduced our commercial balances by $540 million during the quarter. On a period-end basis, commercial industrial loans increased $712 million much of the growth occurring late in December. Year-over-year loan growth was driven by commercial and industrial loans which were up 4.5%. Continuing on to Slide 8. Average deposits totaled $104 billion for the fourth quarter 2017, a decrease of $893 million or 0.9% compared to the year-ago period and up $693 million or 0.7% on annualized compared to the third quarter. The cost of our total deposits was up three basis points from the third quarter driven by a change in the overall deposit mix. Our cumulative beta continues to remain below historical levels as we are maintaining pricing discipline in all our markets. On a link quarter basis, the change in deposit balances was primarily driven by growth in noninterest-bearing deposits from seasonal inflows and growth in CDs offset by declines in NOW, money-market accounts and savings deposits. We continue to have a strong core deposit base with consumer deposits accounting for 60% of our deposit mix. Turning to Slide 9. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $952 million for the fourth quarter 2017 and the net interest margin was 3.09%. These results compared to a taxable-equivalent net interest income of 948 million and a net interest margin of 3.12% in the fourth quarter 2016 and $962 million and 3.15% in the third quarter. Purchase accounting accretion contributed $38 million or 12 basis points to our fourth quarter results. This compares with $48 million or 16 basis points in the third quarter. From the fourth quarter level, we expect purchase accounting accretion to decline by approximately 10% per quarter in 2018. Excluding purchase accounting accretion, net interest income was up $58 million from the fourth quarter of 2016. The increase was largely driven by higher interest rates and well-managed deposit betas. This would imply asset sensitivity in excess of 5% over the past year. Assuming deposit betas in the 25% to 50% range and some continued benefit from swaps and securities cash flows, we believe our asset sensitivity will remain in the range of 3% to 5% over a 200 basis point increase in the short term interest rates. This is higher than our previous asset sensitivity range, reflecting lower deposit betas for an extended period of time. We have included a new slide in our appendix with additional detail on our interest rate risk management. On this slide, we point out that each 25 basis point increase in rates translates to approximately $12 million in higher net interest income per quarter. Excluding purchase accounting accretion, net interest income was stable compared to the prior quarter, as the benefit from higher rates and relatively low betas was offset by lower loan balances and increased liquidity reflected in the $1.5 billion increase in short term earning assets during the quarter. We expect our core net interest margin, excluding purchase accounting accretion, to move modestly higher in 2018 compared to the full year 2017 which assumes continued growth in our balance sheet and one rate increase in the middle of the year. Moving to Slide 10, Key’s noninterest income was $656 million for the fourth quarter of 2017 compared to $618 million for the year-ago quarter. Growth was largely driven by another record quarter of investment banking debt placement fees which were $200 million, up $43 million from the year-ago period. We benefited from strong growth across all capital markets areas, but the largest drivers of this quarter was a commercial mortgage banking, reflecting the $4 billion in placements, along with our acquisition of Cain Brothers. Momentum continued in many fee-based businesses as Cards and Payments income and Trust and Investment Services income each grew $8 million from the year-ago period from higher credit card and merchant fees and the strengthening equity markets. These increases were partially offset by a decline in other income which reflected an impairment of $7 million related to tax-advantaged assets. This charge was offset by lower income tax expense. Compared to the third quarter of 2017, noninterest income increased by $64 million. The increase is largely driven by broad based growth in investment banking and debt placement fees which grew $59 million from prior quarter. Operating lease income and other leasing gains increased $9 million related to the lease residual losses in the prior quarter, and slightly offsetting these increases were a decline in other income. Turning to Slide 11, Key’s noninterest expense was $1.098 billion for the fourth quarter of 2017 and reflected a number of notable items including merger-related charges and the impact of tax reform and related actions. Merger-related charges included $26 million of personnel expense and $30 million of nonpersonnel expense mostly reflected in net occupancy, marketing and other expense. The impact of tax reform and other related actions had an impact of $29 million on expenses for the fourth quarter of 2017 including the impairment of certain tax-advantaged assets as well as a one-time additional contribution to employee retirement accounts. Excluding the notable items, noninterest expense was unchanged from the prior-year ago period at $1.013 billion. Expenses related to our acquisitions including Cain Brothers totaled $45 million for the quarter. We also had higher operating lease expense and other temporary costs that were elevated. Offsetting these increases was the realization of First Niagara cost savings. Excluding notable items, noninterest expense increased $57 million from the third quarter of 2017. The increases in personnel expense was largely the result of the acquisition of Cain Brothers early in the fourth quarter which added $36 million of total noninterest expense as well as increased incentive compensation related to a strong capital markets performance. The increase in nonpersonnel expense was primarily related to higher other expense as well as increase in net occupancy and operating lease expense. The increase in operating lease expense was primarily related to net charge-offs of certain accounts. Turning to Slide 12, our credit quality remains strong. Net charge-offs were $52 million or 24 basis points on average total loans in the fourth quarter, which continues to be below our targeted range. The provision for credit losses was $49 million for the quarter. Nonperforming loans were down $14 million or 3% from the prior quarter and represented 58 basis points of period-end loans. At December 31, 2017, our total reserve for loan losses represented 1.01% of period-end loans and 174% coverage of our nonperforming loans. Turning to Slide 13, capital also remains a strength of our company, with common equity Tier 1 ratio at the end of the fourth quarter of 10.08%. The impact of the tax reform reduced our common equity Tier 1 ratio by 14 basis points in the quarter and there will be no change in our previously announced capital actions. Consistent with our 2017 capital plan, we declared a dividend of $0.105 per common share in the fourth quarter which was an 11% increase. This was our second common share dividend increase in 2017. We also completed common share repurchases of $199 million during the fourth quarter. Slide 14 is our outlook for 2018 along with the long-term goals that Beth had covered earlier in her remarks. We expect average loan balances to increase to the $88.5 billion to $89.5 billion range with the pace of loan growth increasing during the year. Deposits are expected to grow slightly less than loans. Net interest income is expected to be in the range of $3.9 billion to $4.0 billion with our outlook assuming one additional rate increase in the middle of the year. In our appendix we’ve provided a new slide that can be used to adjust for different interest rate and balance sheet assumptions. For a reference, again, each 25 basis point increase in rates translates to an approximately $12 million higher net interest income per quarter. I would like to point out that our first quarter results will also reflect a lower day count, and we expect to see normal seasonality in areas such as loan fees and corporate owned life insurance. We anticipated noninterest income will be in the range of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion as we continue to drive growth from our core business and deliver First Niagara revenue synergies with substantial progress on these synergies made in 2018. We would expect first quarter results to be below our fourth quarter run rate due to the normal seasonality and a return to more normal levels of investment banking and debt placement fees from a record performance in the fourth quarter. Noninterest expense is expected to be in the range of $3.85 billion to $3.95 billion. There should be no First Niagara merger-related charges going forward. We expect to see normal seasonal trends and expenses which should result in a decline in the first quarter from the fourth quarter current levels.  We also expect to realize the remaining $50 million in First Niagara cost saves in early 2018 with a majority in the first quarter, and we will continue to identify additional efficiencies to generate positive operating leverage and continue to make progress on our efficiency ratio targets. Net charge offs are expected to remain below our targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points. Our loan loss provision should slightly exceed our level of net charge offs provided for loan growth, and we’ve adjusted our GAAP tax rate down to 18% to 19%. I will close with a message consistent to that that I talked about earlier. It was a good year for Key with a step change in performance that moved us to a level consistent with our previous long-term targets. Importantly, we have revised our guidance to reflect our improved results and stronger outlook. With our improvement in our efficiency ratio of over 400 points, we have moved our new target to a range of 54% to 56%. And with our return on tangible common equity improving by 280 basis points to over 13%, we set a new target of 15% to 18%. Coming off a strong year, we believe we are very well positioned as we head into what is shaping up to be a much more positive operating environment. I’ll now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First, we have the line of Scott Siefers of Sandler O’Neill & Partners. Your line is open.
Scott Siefers: Let’s see. Don or Beth, I was just hoping you could provide a little more color on the loan growth outlook for next year. Appreciate the commentary about the year ending strong, particularly in C&I, but I guess as I’m looking at things there’s been a couple quarters of sluggish growth and just to get to the $88.5 billion to $89.5 billion range would require a pretty substantial ramp in growth throughout 2018. So just curious in your view what would generate that kind of acceleration to give you comfort that that’s the appropriate range?
Don Kimble: Sure, Scott. I’ll start with that and then ask Beth or Chris to jump in with the additional color. But I think you hit some of the key points. One is that we are starting off from a point from C&I where the end-of-period balances were stronger. And what’s important to note there was that those were core business relationships that wasn’t being influenced by bridge loans or other things that might be more temporary in nature, and so we’re feeling positive about that.  Our pipelines are strong going into the year. And the other thing to keep in mind too is that throughout 2017, we had a very good year as far as originations and what really changed was a trend in the market, which translated to much stronger capital market fees for us by our company’s accessing the capital markets and higher pay downs. And so, we would expect those to continue, but probably not at the same pace and, as we’ve said in our notes, that we expect loan growth to build throughout the year.
Scott Siefers: Okay. That’s perfect. Thank you very much. And then, if I could jump to the deposit side for just a second. I’m just curious if you can provide a little color on sort of the nuance in there. You’ve been holding the line really well on pricing for most of the individual categories, but CDs have been your biggest grower and the area that. as you would imagine, have seen the highest rate increases. So just curious what the overall philosophy is. I guess my first inclination was you might have been trying to moderate your rate sensitivity a bit, but based on your comments, Don, it does not sound like that’s the case. So just curious your thoughts there.
Don Kimble: We’re seeing stronger customer preference for time deposits now that rates have come up a little bit. And you’re right, what we’re seeing is the impact of the new rates coming through with growth in that product and it’s translating to an increase in that overall rate on deposits paid for time deposits. Even with that, though, our cumulative beta is only 21% since the first rates started to come through, and I would say that mix shift into that time deposit category is really the only category where we’re seeing increased deposit costs for us and we would expect that trend to continue.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you, guys, very much. 
Operator: Next we have the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning. My first question is on some of the long-term targets that you’ve reset today. So as we think about the cash efficiency ratio target of 54 to 56 and compare that with 2017, where you range from 59 to 61, could you walk us through how you would get there in terms of what you would need to see environmentally versus key, specific goals that you could execute upon to get to that range and noting that you mentioned that we’re entering the year with a very positive view in the operating environment.
Don Kimble: Great. And a couple things there. One, Erica, is that we expect to get there without much benefit from rate increases, that our longer-term forecast does not show the rate increases that we might be seeing from some other economic forecasts and so that’s not a big contributor to this. It really is continuing to operate on our business model and continuing to generate positive operating leverage. It does require us to achieve the remaining $50 million in expense saves from First Niagara. It does require us to achieve the $300 million in revenue synergies, and we’re only assuming basically a third of that goes through in the form of additional cost, and it does continue to assume that on a core basis we can generate revenue growth at a faster rate than expense growth. And that will help drive our efficiency ratio down, and we believe that we can achieve that over the next two to three-year time period.
Erika Najarian: And to follow up on the ROTC target, what kind of CET1 is embedded in the 15% to 18% target? And also, Beth, if you don’t mind chiming in, as we think about a different “sheriff” in charge at the Fed, how are you thinking about what the near-term outlook would be for capital return both on an overall payout basis? And when would be an appropriate time to get closer to the longer-term targets on dividend payout?
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Erika. I will give you some observations and then turn it over to Don to talk a little bit more about the underlying assumptions on our movement in the return on tangible common equity target. And I would tell you that it is early days for the new heads of both the OCC and the Federal Reserve, but I do think you’ve heard a tone that has been consistent over the last year of a move towards a more quantitative view of capital return as they extend the CCAR results.  So while we have not yet received implicit guidance or otherwise about what I would call concrete expectations for the 2018 CCAR examination period, it is clearly our belief, and as we have discussed in other forums, our goal is to start moving our dividend payout to more of a 40% to 50% return to our shareholders. We believe that is consistent with what is a good level of payout of stronger earnings for regional banks and also aligns with the interest and rewarding our shareholders and investors. So I would tell you that as we look at next year, these CCAR results are going to be obviously not subject to a qualitative review – they will be based on quantitative results – and that we will be looking to our return of capital to our shareholders with that lens.
Don Kimble: Just to follow up onto that, you had asked, Erika, as far as the longer-term assumption for the CET1, and we’ve talked about guiding that down over time to the 9% to 9.5% range. And that would be incorporated into achieving the kind of return thresholds here. And the other benefit is the impact of taking that effective tax rate down to that 18% to 19% level, and that will add over a point to our return on tangible common. And we closed the fourth quarter at a 13.5% level so I think we’re on a good path to get there.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Operator: Next up we have the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey. Good morning, everybody.
Don Kimble: Morning.
Beth Mooney: Morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: I wanted to start looking at the new tax rate, the 18% to 19% in 2018. The new guidance implies most of that falls to the bottom line in 2018, but Beth, how are you thinking about using the lower tax rate over time?
Beth Mooney: Thanks, Steve. I would tell you that clearly it is our expectation that the Tax Reform and Jobs Acts of 2017 will be positive for the business environment, our clients, and our industry specifically as well, and I believe over time it will also be something where we’ll be able to reward our shareholders with the increased earnings power in the industry and within Key. As we look at investing for growth, I think our company has been very consistent over recent years of talking about and demonstrating that we are willing to invest for future growth in both people, products, and capabilities both through our internal investments as well as things that we did in 2017 such as HelloWallet, our Merchant Services business, our residential mortgage platform and then culminating in the fourth quarter with Cain Brothers. We talk about it in that it needs to be driven by positive operating leverage, and over the years we’ve always said it needs to be bounded by a view of the economic environment as well. So as we look forward, there is indeed no change in our 2018 plans per the level of investment, and I think we’ll invest as opportunities are appropriate that are consistent with our business model and also are consistent with our stated goal of continuing to drive positive operating leverage.
Steven Alexopoulos: Just to follow up on that, as you look at things like the employee benefits you currently offer, tech spend, I’m trying to get a sense how much long term will fall to the bottom line. And will this impact, when we think about 2019 expenses, the level of yearly expenditure from Key?
Beth Mooney: As you saw in our press release, we did do a one-time contribution to our employee retirement accounts. We’re very proud to do that, and it will be beneficial to some 80% of our employees. But as in all things, we consistently benchmark both pay, benefits, and on the technology front are consistently trying to organize our priorities to make sure that it is promoting growth as well as balancing cyber security and our core systems. So again, as I look at it I don’t feel constrained, and I’ll let Don talk about how he thinks it flows through the next couple of years.
Don Kimble: No. I would agree, Beth, and I think the message here is we’re continuing to operate our model. And that model does result in us investing in a number of things both from the technology platform and also our people. And those types of investments are embedded in our guidance, and we’ll make sure that we can continue to achieve cost savings to help fund some of those future investments as well.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Don, can I ask you one unrelated question? On the investment bank line, how much did Cain Brothers contribute to revenue? You gave the expense number, but what was the revenue number? And how should we think about a new base run rate including Cain? Thank you.
Don Kimble: Sure. The total Cain revenues for the quarter were about equal to the expenses that we talked about as far $36 million. As far as that Investment Banking debt placement fee line item, it was $30 million. Now that was a very strong quarter for Cain. It was a very strong quarter for Key and so we’re very pleased with those results. Cain typically would probably be something in the $15 million to $20 million per quarter as far as total revenues and so you would have to adjust for that. And then as far as Investment Banking debt placement fees, our objective would be on the core legacy Key footprint. We would be able to grow Investment Banking debt placement fees and with the addition of Cain Brothers, it would be additive on top of that with the additional growth.
Beth Mooney: And in the fourth quarter, it was our first full quarter of Cain being part of Key so the expense run rate or the expenses that we announced for the fourth quarter would not be consistent with the run rate of Cain. It also included some onetime and other expenses related to bringing them on board.
Don Kimble: That’s an important point, Beth, because we did not segregate those merger-related costs into our merger category. Those came through our business as usual for the impact of Cain.
Steven Alexopoulos: And how much were those?
Don Kimble: I would say that they were a portion of $36 million, probably in the 20% range ballpark.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Thanks for taking all my questions.
Beth Mooney: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Next we have the line of John Pancari of Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
John Pancari: On the back to the margin, I know you’d indicated for the trajectory in 2018 to see a modestly higher margin through the year. I just want to see if you can kind of give us a little bit of color in terms of how that could play out in terms of the amount of expansion we could see. Is it fair to assume that we could see a couple basis points per quarter of expansion as you see the benefit of rate hikes continue to exceed the lagging betas? Thanks.
Don Kimble: As far as our comments, we talked about the net interest income excluding purchase accounting accretion showing modest improvement. And so as we would think about it and some of the conversations we had earlier, for each additional rate increase it adds about $12 million of net interest income and then so that’s roughly three to four basis points. And so our current guidance would have one in the middle of the year that we also have the full year benefit of the December rate increase that hasn’t been reflected in the current numbers. And so between those two items, you would see a pickup in margin throughout the year related to that activity. In addition, we are expecting some margin pick up just because of the impact of our investment portfolio and swap book maturing and rolling over and current rates for those would be additive to our net interest income as well.
John Pancari: And, Don, what is the monthly cash flows coming off the bond book?
Don Kimble: The quarterly is about a billion four for the bond and then on the swap book it’s about a billion three a quarter.
John Pancari: Okay. Great. And then in terms of your loan growth commentary, just want to get a little bit of your color around your updated thoughts for growth in certain areas, more specifically the C&I. If you could just talk about where you’re seeing some pick up there and then your appetite to grow commercial real estate. And then lastly, if you have any comment around resi mortgage because I know you’d been commenting on the buildout of that capability. Thanks.
Christ Gorman: Sure. This is Chris speaking. With respect to C&I, we sort of, as we look at the pipelines which are stronger on a relative basis and stronger on an absolute basis than they were at this time last year, it’s really across-the-board in C&I so we see strong pipelines there. With respect to real estate, to go back to something that Don mentioned earlier, as we look at 2017, you know the originations and the amount of new clients that we brought on and the amount of financings we did for existing clients were every bit as strong in 2017 as they’ve ever been. What was differentiated about 2017 versus some of the other years is in so many cases, we went to the markets whether it’s FHA, whether it’s Fannie, Freddie, the CMBS market, the Life companies, et cetera, we have very good pipelines in real estate and we have a very good client base. We’ll continue to serve those clients in whatever is in their best interest and so we have good backlogs there. One area where you aren’t going to see us really ramp up our exposure is in construction and that’s been by design and as you know, at one point, we had a higher level of construction. Right now we’re running at about 12% construction but real estate very important business for us and what we’re doing for our clients continues to expand. You brought up residential mortgage which is going to be a really interesting area for us going forward. That’s a business, just to remind people, we weren’t really in. We had outsourced that business. We have a run rate of about $2 billion currently in annual originations. We think over the next, say two or three years, we can increase that by as much as an additional $5 billion. And if you think about kind of our franchise and our 3 million customers, if we just do one additional $250,000 mortgage in each of our branches a month that doubles that business. It’s also, by the way, very important to financial wellness as we think about how we’re differentiating ourselves in the marketplace because buying a home is obviously not only very important to our clients, but if you think about it from our perspective, with all of the data and the analytics capabilities that we have, it’s just a treasure drove of information. So that’s kind of how we’re looking at each of those three areas you had asked about.
John Pancari: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next we have the line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe: Great. Thanks. Is there any way you guys can quantify sort of the net present value of earnings from a client choosing to do a capital markets deal with you guys for like debt placement versus that same client doing a similar amount of taking out a loan with Key? I’m just trying to get a sense of like how much better or worse is a loan versus the fee line. Thanks.
Christ Gorman: This is Chris again. You’d have to look at that completely through the cycle because it’s sort of a trade-off, right? And if you think about it, you get a fee upfront which generates, obviously, a high ROE, a high returns, but it’s one time and you don’t have the benefit of the annuity. Conversely, with a loan you get the benefit of an earning asset, but you also get the benefit of tail risk. It’s a very interesting question that we look at a lot, but until you go through the cycle, it’s hard to really say with certainty.
Don Kimble: Yes, Ken, I would just add that the important thing here is serving the customer and keeping that relationship. And as you look at the full breadth of that relationship, the area that has the lowest return on equity for us is the loan. And so as long as we can continue to support that customer and develop that relationship and expand the relationship, the loan is less critical as far as driving the total return.
Beth Mooney: And I would just add that, because it was implicit in my comments, Ken, that as I talked about the business model, Don hit on it when he said serving the client. I think some piece of the trade-off is if a client opts to a capital markets execution, and we saw particularly favorable market activity in pricing and spreads last year, the alternative is they may seek the market through another intermediary than Key. And to me, that is where you would then not even capture the revenue with the relationship. And as we’ve mentioned in the fourth quarter with our commercial real estate, it had significant flows into the capital markets, we led 90% of those transactions. So to me it’s about capturing client need and retaining the revenue within Key.
Christ Gorman: Right. And our rule number one is we do what’s in the client’s best interest every time.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Okay. And then just on the NIM, the $1.5 billion of shorter duration, presumably low yielding securities you guys added, how does that play into your concept or your expectation for modestly higher NIM in 2018? I mean, essentially it seems like you’re assuming no change in those higher, shorter duration balances. Is that right?
Don Kimble: Well, essentially those short-term assets were in cash balances with the Fed, and so it’s short term in nature and that did penalized our margin. We would expect that over time that that would wind down to more normal levels as the loan growth picks up.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Okay. So you got at least three basis points of higher NIM in 2018 just from that piece going away, so maybe – I’m going to say the rest of the business is even a smaller-core NIM expansion?
Don Kimble: That’s correct.
Ken Zerbe: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next we have the line of Matt O’Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey. Good morning. This is [Rob] from Matt’s team. On fee income outside of investment banking fees, I was just curious if you could talk to your expectations for growth for some of your major line items for the year?
Don Kimble: But if you look at our guidance range for next year compared to the reported 2017 ex-notable items, it’s north of 5%. And so as we mentioned, investment banking debt placement fees will be a strong area of growth for us. Cards and payments revenues will continue to be a strong area of growth for us. Trust and Investment Services, we expect to continue to see some positive momentum there as well, and so I would say that those are the primary areas of growth and other categories will do fine, but those are the primary areas of investments in the last couple of years for us.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just separately on your cash efficiency target of 54 to 56. Getting down to that level I guess conceptually, how much of that improvement will come from revenue growth versus additional expense improvement? And then, any sense of timing to get there?
Don Kimble: Our model really is based on generating positive operating leverage, and so we expect it to be able to continue to drive revenues at a faster pace than expenses. What we’ve talked about historically in the slower growth environments where the GDP is between the 2% and the 3% range, that we would be able to grow the revenues at that kind of a general pace and keep expenses relatively stable. And so that helps drive the efficiency ratio down. And as far as our timeline, the long-term targets are really on a two-to-three-year type of time horizon as far as our ability to operate inside those ranges on a consistent basis.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: And next we have the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thank you. Good morning. Hey, Don, I just want to make one clarification: 3.9 to 4.0 on NII, is that on an FTE or non-FTE basis?
Don Kimble: It’s on an FTE basis.
Ken Usdin: FTE basis. And then can you talk about how much the FTE will change, given the change in taxes from the 56ish that you had this year?
Don Kimble: I don’t have the number off the top of my head, but it’s a fairly small amount to begin with, but it will come down because of the tax rate. You’re right.
Ken Usdin: Okay. So then when I think about your point about the PAA roll off of about 10% per quarter off of the 38, the core NII growth embedded is still quite strong. And I think you’ve been very clear about where the loans are, about the core NIM moving the right way and so I just wanted to really come around on how you expect the overall balance sheet to traject. Should it follow loan growth this year? Or you’re still expecting loans to grow faster than deposits? But are you expecting to grow the securities portfolio? Or is the benefit from the securities portfolio more from the swaps roll off and the benefit there? Sorry, that’s a jumbled question, but I’m really just trying to understand the final part of average earning asset growth helping the core NII.
Don Kimble: Our outlook would assume that the loan growth would provide the majority of the earning asset growth of the investment portfolio. It would be relatively stable, and the benefit that we mentioned there is really just the roll-off of the current cash flows being re-priced at today’s market rate, so which would be a lift for us.
Ken Usdin: Right. So the core NIM benefit is both rates and the swap benefit and then we’ll see what mix may bring?
Don Kimble: That’s correct.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Thanks a lot, Don.
Operator: Next we have the line of Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Peter Winter: Good morning. Of the expenses, if I annualize the fourth quarter expense and look at it relative to the guidance, it would assume that expenses are flat to down relative to 4Q being annualized. So is that assuming that the first quarter there’s going to be a big drop off in expense?
Don Kimble: We would expect to see normal seasonal trends, which would show that the expenses would be down in the first quarter. And, as we highlighted, a good reason for why expenses were up this quarter is because of the success of the capital markets revenues, and we would not expect to see that same $200 million in the first quarter of next year. We also tend to see some seasonal increases in the fourth quarter, which go back to more normal levels in the first quarter. And so our outlook would assume a decline in the first quarter.
Peter Winter: Could you give a range, by chance?
Don Kimble: We haven’t provided specific quarterly guidance. I would tend to look at how the trajectory occurred throughout this year and see some of the seasonal trends continue at that kind of pace.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then just a follow up on a different note. We’ve heard a couple of banks talk so far about with these borrowers having such high levels of excess liquidity that paydowns or going to the tech capital markets could continue into the beginning of the New Year. But you guys are seeing nice growth end-of-period, but do you worry about that, especially when I look at the loan guidance that you gave?
Beth Mooney: Peter, this is Beth. I will give some commentary on what we’re hearing from clients and then what I think is generally the industry’s view, and Don may have some additional comments or Chris. I think a number, if you listen across the industry and as we’ve all talked about it, everyone believes that the tax reform and what has transpired is constructive for the business environment. I don’t think anyone thinks it’s like a light switch that will alter behavior one way or another as we go into the year. I think these will be trends that develop, and implicit in that is a belief that there could be more investment in expansion than we have seen over the last several years because as we look at GDP as well as client commentary, that has been somewhat muted for the strength in where we are in this particular economic cycle. So I think it will layer in over time, and I think the expectation is that we saw strong pipelines, we had good growth as we said in our period-end loans, and that we did see I think a theme of 2017 across the industry was elevated pay downs and more capital market activity than we had seen in prior years. But I think as those roll through in 2018, there’s still a belief that there will be demand for on balance sheet bank loans throughout the year.
Peter Winter: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next the line of Kevin Reevey with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Kevin Reevey: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Morning.
Beth Mooney: Morning.
Kevin Reevey: So, Beth or Chris, I was wondering if you could give us kind of what the line utilization number was at the end of the fourth quarter versus where it was at the end of the prior quarter? And I know it’s early in the first quarter here – if you’re seeing any trends upward in that number?
Don Kimble: This is Don. I’ll take that. As far as the total line utilization for all credit, we were midrange, 50% range, and it was down about 1.5% compared to where it was the previous quarter, and similar trends within the C&I book where we saw most of the decline.
Beth Mooney: And that indeed as we pointed out in our comments was about $500 million in average balances for the quarter, so that 1.5% decline in utilization was meaningful to the balances.
Don Kimble: And I would say that as far as the 2018 impact so far, I think it’s too early to draw any conclusions from that. The numbers I provided were end-of-period 2017.
Christ Gorman: If utilization had been relatively flat over the last couple of years, so it was a tip down, if you can think about sort of business activity in general, some of the increases in the cost of commodities, I would anticipate that utilization would reverse back to where it’s been over the last couple of years.
Kevin Reevey: And then a couple comments we’ve heard from banks that have reported thus far, they’re seeing some irrational price competition. Are you guys seeing any of that at all in any of your markets?
Christ Gorman: This is Chris. We’re really not seeing a change in pricing over the last three months or six months. It’s been actually pretty steady, frankly both on the loan and the deposit side. Go ahead, please.
Kevin Reevey: I was going to say and then my last question is related to any industry clients that you expect to benefit more than others from the recent cut in the corporate tax rate?
Christ Gorman: Well, I think it’s pretty broad, but if you think about it, a big part of our client base are small mid-sized businesses, a lot of pass-through entities. On a relative basis, they were pretty full taxpayers, so they clearly are going to be significant beneficiaries. And the other thing that's interesting about our business model whether it’s Key at work or it’s our private bank, those shareholders of those companies and their employees are also clients of ours as well and they too will benefit.
Kevin Reevey: Excellent. Thank you.
Christ Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Next we have the line of Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Hi. Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Morning.
Saul Martinez: I just wanted to drill down on the impact of Cain Brothers again and just make sure I have the numbers straight. Don, did you mention that on a more normalized level, Cain Brothers contributes something in the way of $15 million to $20 million to IB fees per quarter? I suppose that’s the run rate that’s sort of embedded in your guidance?
Don Kimble: Total revenues from Cain would be in that range. That’s correct.
Saul Martinez: And what about expenses? Obviously this quarter you had the merger cost, and I presume abnormally high because of good activity. But how should we think about sort of the more normalized expense contribution?
Don Kimble: I would, as I suggested that the onetime merger-related costs were in the 20% ballpark range and so you’d probably use that 80% as a general rule of thumb initially and that wouldn’t reflect the merger savings or increased business resulting from the combination of the two companies.
Saul Martinez: Does Cain contribute to the bottom line or is it sort of breakeven?
Don Kimble: This current quarter it was a breakeven. Prospectively, it will be a contributor to our bottom line.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Fair enough. And I guess just I guess a broader question, how much in the way of the revenue synergies are embedded in the 2018 numbers so far?
Don Kimble: What we talked about is that we would be at that full $300 million run rate by the end of 2019 and think about that as a kind of a steady progression up to that level so kind of a straight-line move. So we would assume that by the end of the year, we would be close to that 150 kind of run rate.
Saul Martinez: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next we have the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Beth. Hi, Don.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: I apologize if you’ve addressed these questions. I’ve been jumping on a few calls, but I assume you guys talked about the betas for deposits. Can you give us any color on the breakout between the different types of deposits of where the betas are for consumer deposits versus high net worth versus commercial? And then what you guys think will happen to each one of those betas as we move forward and a Fed funds rate environment that probably will increase two or three times this year?
Don Kimble: As we look at the betas right now on the retail side, the only beta we’re seeing is the impact of mix shift as far as the preference going over to time deposits for our retail customers so we’re really not seeing much in the way of contractual rate changes or any new pricing on the retail deposits. On the high net worth, they tend to be a little bit more rate sensitive and so we’re seeing a little bit more activity there, probably not at the same pace or level that we see on the commercial deposits, but we have seen more demand for higher rates in that category. And then on the commercial side, our betas have been a little bit north of 40% and in large part contractually driven but we are continuing to see more customers and more of the competitors offering up higher rates for commercial deposits. And as we would start to see those betas move up, we don’t see that occurring near-term, but we would expect over the long-term to start to see all of those products migrate to the mid-50s kind of beta and start to see that translate to additional rate competition, but our guidance assumed and our asset sensitivity assumes that for the next couple of rate increases it’s going to remain relatively low compared to what our longer-term targets are.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And the second you guys obviously indicated that the average commercial real estate loans were down primarily because of customers going into the debt capital markets and refinancing their outstanding with you. What percentage of those customers actually have been refinanced in the debt capital markets by KeyCorp Securities and the investment banking side of the house?
Beth Mooney: Gerard, this is Beth. We - I said it a couple answers ago but 90% of the movement from our clients into the market, Key was roughly…
Gerard Cassidy: Great.
Beth Mooney: And we had $4 billion of placements into the commercial mortgage bank from our commercial mortgage banking group in the fourth quarter alone.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And this is kind of I know it was unusually strong year quarter in investment banking, 200 million, which you’ve addressed. Do you ever get to the point, again this is an odd question, where it could get too large and the volatility then increases? Have you guys given any thought to that of where would you want it to kind of top out?
Don Kimble: I don’t know we have any caps per se. I think again, what we’re trying to do is continue to focus on our customer relationships and meet their financial needs, and I would say that this is just a period where we’re seeing increases and their desires to access the capital markets and we’re glad that we have the products and capabilities to support that.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Next we have the line of Bill Carcache of Nomura. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Thanks. Good morning. I had a follow up on your financial targets. Based on the trajectory that you’re on and your other comments during the call this morning, is it reasonable to expect that you can reach your ROTC target of 15% to 18%, at least the lower end of that range by 2019 timeframe? 
Don Kimble: I would say that we're probably going to be in that operating range faster than we would be on the efficiency ratio and we haven't given specific timelines, but I think that generally in the late 2018, 2019 time period would probably be a relative good assumption as far as our ROTCE target. 
Bill Carcache: That's very helpful. Thanks. And then I also wanted to follow up separately, I heard your earlier comments about the residential mortgage build-out and also the trajectory of revenue synergies, but perhaps taking a step back just more broadly, can you discuss your confidence level in being able to use those revenue synergies and the trajectory of revenue synergies that you expect to offset declining purchase accounting accretion benefits? 
Don Kimble: Well, a couple of things that we have going forward, one, is the revenue synergies, which you highlighted and that should be a big help for us, but the other thing is if you look at our guidance, a purchase accounting accretion would come down year-over-year about $80 million. And also taking a look at the impact of the fourth quarter of 2017 rate increase on net interest income at $12 million a quarter would generate $48 million, and then a mid-year rate increase would be $24 million so that the rate increases by themselves are $72 million. And so that essentially offsets the purchase accounting accretion loss we’ll have for the year, and so we think that there clearly is movement there that can be beneficial to help drive the earnings going forward. 
Bill Carcache: Thanks for taking my questions. 
Don Kimble: Thank you. 
Operator: With no further questions here in queue for us, I'll turn it back to Beth for any closing comments. 
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks. Thank you again. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen still connected, that does conclude the conference for today. We thank you very much for your participation in using our Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Donald Kimble - Chief Financial Officer Christopher Gorman - Vice Chairman and President of Banking, KeyCorp William Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Peter Winter - Wedbush Securities Saul Martinez - UBS Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Kevin Reevey - D.A. Davidson & Co. Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks John Pancari - Evercore ISI Mike Mayo - Wells Fargo Securities Kyle Peterson - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Beth Mooney. Please go ahead.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. In the room with me are Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Gorman, President of Banking; and Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I am now moving to Slide 3. This morning, we announced third quarter earnings of $0.32 per share or an adjusted $0.35 per share excluding merger-related charges and other notable items. My comments this morning will focus on the adjusted results which are comparable to prior periods. This was our seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year positive operating leverage and a return on average tangible common equity was just over 13% which is consistent with our long-term target of 13% to 15%. Our results this quarter included a number of moving parts. Most notably a large commercial loan recovery that impacted our provision that was largely offset from lease residual losses in non-interest income. Don will walk you through these line items in his remarks. We were pleased that net interest income excluding purchase accounting accretion was up $27 million from last quarter with the core net interest margin increasing by 2 basis points. Average loans grew 0.4% linked-quarter driven by commercial and industrial loans which were up 2% unannualized. Our business model and middle market focus enabled us to continue to add clients and take share, which resulted in growth in both C&I loan balances and fee. Our total average loan growth this quarter reflects higher paydowns especially in September and relatively stable trends in our consumer portfolio. Commercial real estate balances were impacted by clients continuing to take advantage of attractive capital markets alternatives which helped contribute to our strong investment banking and debt placement fees. We also remain disciplined with new deals and have reduced construction loans and project financing which is countered to some of the market trends. We expect loan growth to be stronger in the fourth quarter based on seasonal trends and strong pipeline. And for the full-year, we expect average loan growth of around 3% excluding the impact of First Niagara. That's lower than we originally expected at the beginning of the year, but reflective of the environment and consistent with our moderate risk profile. Other positive for the quarter included strong fee-based income across our businesses. As I mentioned earlier, investment banking and debt placement fees continue to grow and we are well positioned as we head into the final quarter of the year, which historically is one of our strongest period. Cards and Payments had a record quarter, up 7% from the prior quarter, reflecting the investments we have made in the businesses our recent merchant services acquisition and some of our early successes with First Niagara clients. Most of the other fee category showed good growth both year-over-year and liked quarter. Our cash efficiency ratio remained under 60% and we believe we can move that lower with or without the benefit from higher interest rates. Expenses remain well managed with our quarterly results reflecting our recent acquisitions of HelloWallet and Merchant Services as well as some seasonal trends. Credit quality remains strong with a net charge-off ratio of 15 basis points which as I said before included a large C&I loan recovery. We have also remained disciplined in managing our strong capital position including returning a significant portion to our shareholders. Over the past five years, we have repurchased over $2 billion in common shares and our compound annual growth rate for the dividend has been 14%. In the third quarter, we repurchased $277 million in common shares and paid a dividend of [$0.09 and $0.105] per share. Overall, it was a solid quarter which reflects our success in executing on our strategic priorities, growing our business, and delivering on our commitments. As we look ahead, we expect to complete the First Niagara cost savings by early 2018 and remain confident in achieving our targeted revenue synergies. We continue to see organic growth and momentum across our Company and we have made investments in our people, products, and capabilities to support our relationship strategies and drive future growth. And most recently, early in the fourth quarter, we completed the acquisition of Cain Brothers, a leading healthcare focused merger and acquisitions investment bank. The move will significantly expand our existing healthcare verticals and further enhances our ability to serve our clients with the strength of expertise and capabilities. I will now turn the call over to Don to provide some additional color on the quarter. Don?
Donald Kimble: Thanks Beth. I am now on Slide 5. We reported third quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.32 per common share. This compares the $0.16 per share on a year ago period and $0.36 in the second quarter. Our results this quarter included a $0.03 impact from merger-related charges in an adjustment to the merchant services gain. Excluding merger-related charges and notable items, earnings per common share was $0.35 up 17% compared to the prior year and up 3% on a linked-quarter basis. As Beth mentioned earlier, excluding notable items our cash efficiency ratio remain below 60% and we had a return on tangible common equity up over 13%. I will also like to highlight a number of quarter specific items that impacted our results. First, we had a large C&I recovery which reduced our net charge-offs and resulted in a lower loan loss provision. In non-interest income, we also recognized impairment losses on some equipment leases most of which matured in 2018 and later as we thought it was prudent to reflect current market conditions. These two items were essentially offsetting and as such did not impact our core earnings for the quarter of $0.35 per share. Also professional fees were elevated due to several short-term initiatives and while our recent acquisitions of HelloWallet and Merchant Services will be accretive over time. They added $8 million of expense in the third quarter. I will cover many of the remaining items on this slide in rest of my presentation. So I will now turn to Slide 6. Total average loan balances of $87 billion were up $9 billion or 12% compared to the year ago quarter and up $312 million or 0.4% on annualized from the second quarter. Compared to the year ago period, average loan growth primarily reflects the impact of the First Niagara acquisition as well as ongoing business activity with commercial and industrial loans continuing to be a driver. Sequential quarter growth and the average balances was driven by commercial and industrial loans which were up 2% on annualized as we continue to take share in the areas we have targeted. Our C&I portfolio grew despite higher levels of loan paydowns. Commercial real estate loans declined this quarter due to payoffs toward the end of the quarter and planned reduction of certain acquired loans. Home equity loans also continue to experience elevated levels of paydowns which exceeded our loan originations. During the month of September, loan paydowns increased resulting in a decline in the period-end balances of $450 million during the month. We would typically see growth during September. Given the paydowns from the last month of the quarter as well as our pipelines and expected activity, we've updated our guidance and now expect fourth quarter average balances in the range of $87 billion to $87.5 billion. Continue to Slide 7, average deposits totaled $103 billion for the third quarter of 2017, an increase of $8 billion or 9% compared to the year-ago period, and up $326 million or 0.3% un-annualized compared to the second quarter. The costs total deposits was up 2 basis points from the second quarter, driven by contractual, rate increases on commercial deposits and a change in the overall deposit mix. Our beta of 17% in the third quarter continues to remain below historic levels as we are maintaining pricing discipline in our markets. Compared to the prior year, third quarter average deposit growth was driven by First Niagara, as well as core retail and commercial deposit balances. On a linked quarter basis, the change in deposit balances was primarily driven by non-interest bearing deposits from commercial deposit inflows in short-term escrow balances. Growth in CDs also helped offset our managed exit of certain public sector deposits. We continue to have a strong quarter deposit base with consumer deposit accounting for 60% of the total deposit mix. Turn to Slide 8, taxable equivalent net interest income was $962 million for the third quarter of 2017, and net interest margin was 3.15%. Purchase accounting accretion contributed $48 million or 16 basis points through the third quarter results. This compares with $58 million or 19 basis points in the second quarter. The third quarter decline of $10 million from the second quarter level was primarily driven by $7 million lower benefit resulting from prepayment. The second quarter also benefited from an additional $42 million due to the finalization of purchase accounting. Looking ahead, we continue to expect to benefit from the accretion to trend down into the range of approximately $40 million in the fourth quarter of this year and further reducing by approximately 10% per quarter in 2018. Excluding purchase accounting accretion, net interest income increase to $145 million from the prior year, largely driven by the impact of First Niagara and higher earning asset yields and balances. Growth of $27 million in the prior quarter resulted from higher earning asset yields, which was partially offset by higher funding costs and lower loan fees. Excluding the impact of purchase accounting accretion, our net interest margin was 2.99% for the third quarter of 2 basis points on a linked quarter basis as we saw the fee - net benefit from the higher interest rates. For the fourth quarter, we expect our core net interest margin excluding purchase accounting accretion to be relatively stable, loan yields in the fourth quarter expected to be stable while deposit costs will continue to increase. We do anticipate the benefit from our investment portfolio as yields on the new purchases are expected to be approximately 50 basis points to 60 basis points higher the maturity. Moving on to Slide 9, non-interest income in the third quarter was $592 million. During the quarter, notable items included an adjustment to our merchant services gain of $5 million, excluding notable items, non-interest income of $597 million, up $36 million from the prior year and up $5 million from a prior quarter. Growth from the prior year reflects the impact of First Niagara acquisition as well as broad-based organic growth, which helped offset lower investment banking and debt placement fees relative to our record third quarter level last year. Continue to be on pace for another year growth in investment banking debt placement fees, reflecting the success we've had in growing this business. Compared to the second quarter, the increase in non-interest income largely reflects continued growth in our fee businesses, including another strong quarter in investment banking debt placement fees and cards and payments income, which is Beth mentioned reached a record level as we continue to benefit from the investments we are making, including the recent Merchant Services acquisition. Momentum in our business was offset by lease residual losses of $13 million during the quarter. As I said earlier, these equipment leases have maturities primarily extend in the next couple of years, however, we thought it was prudent to recognize a loss to reflect the current market conditions. Last quarter as is typical - typically more common we had gains in this line item. As of the third quarter lease residual losses or cash efficiency ratio in the third quarter would have improved to 59.2%. Turning to Slide 10, reported non-interest expense for the third quarter was $992 million, which includes $36 million, a merger related charges. Compared to the third quarter of last year and after adjusting for merger related charges, non-interest expense was up $63 million. Growth primarily reflects the full quarter impact of First Niagara acquisition as well as ongoing business investments and the recent acquisitions like HelloWallet and Merchant Services. Linked quarter expenses adjusted for merger related charges and other notable items were up $21 million. Third quarter expense levels mostly reflect the recent HelloWallet and Merchant Services acquisitions, which added $8 million, as well as seasonal trends in marketing and personnel, which collectively added $10 million. We also had $3 million of business services and professional fees related to short-term initiatives that we would not expect to continue going forward. Excluding these items, expenses were down on a linked-quarter basis. We'll also interact to realize remaining $50 million of merger-related savings by early 2018. Looking forward, the Cain Brothers acquisition will add approximately $20 million to the fourth quarter expense and revenue levels. Turning to Slide 11. Net charge-offs were $32 million or 15 basis points of average total loans in the second quarter, which continues to be below our targeted range, third quarter provision for credit losses was $51 million. As I mentioned earlier, we had a large C&I recovery during the quarter, which benefited our net charge-offs and provision by $20 million. Despite from the recovery, our portfolio continues to perform well and charge-offs remain below our targeted range. Non-performing loans were relatively stable, up $10 million or about 2% from the prior quarter and representing 60 basis points of period-end loans. At September 30, 2017 our total reserves for loan losses represented 1.02% of period-end loans and 170% coverage of our non-performing loans. This quarter, we've broken up the allowance for acquired loan portfolio. As you can see on this slide, this allowance has grown as we build provision to coincide with the turnover in the acquired loan portfolio and the associated wind down of the loan losses. Turning to Slide 12. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio at the end of the third quarter was 10.26%. Capital levels in the third quarter benefited from a change in our methodology related to risk weightings for multipurpose facilities, specifically commitments that can also be used for letters of credit. As Beth mentioned, we repurchased $277 million of common shares during the quarter. Slide 13 provides you with our outlook and expectations. We remain committed to generating positive operating leverage. However, guidance remains the same with the exception of loans reflecting the results through the third quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we now expect fourth quarter average loans to be in the range of $87 billion to $87.5 billion. Again the remaining guidance for the full-year has remained unchanged. We continue to expect average deposit balances for the year to be in the range of $102.5 billion to $103 billion. And net interest income is still expected to be in the range of $3.8 billion to $3.9 billion. Our outlook continues to assume no additional benefit from rate increases this year and that betas will remain low well below of their historic levels. As I mentioned earlier, purchase accounting accretion will trend down over time reaching approximately $40 million in the fourth quarter. Quarterly impact should then decline at a rate of approximately 10% per quarter in 2018. We continue to anticipate that non-interest income will be in the range of $2.35 billion to $2.45 billion and non-interest expense should be in the range of $3.7 billion to $3.8 billion. Included within this range is approximately $20 million in added expense from Cain Brothers which closed early in the fourth quarter. In addition, expenses related to HelloWallet and Merchant Services acquisitions as well. We expect merger-related charges which are not included in our guidance to continue to trend lower. In 2017 net charge-offs should continue to be below our targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points and provision to slightly exceed our level of net charge-offs provide for loan growth. Our GAAP tax rate is expected to be in the 26% to 28% range for the year and remain committed to our long-term financial targets stated at the bottom of the slide, including continuing to generate positive operating leverage, operating at a cash efficiency ratio less than 60%, maintaining our moderate risk profile, and producing a return on tangible common equity of 13% to 15%. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning.
Donald Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Matt O'Connor: I want to circle back to the cash efficiency ratio target. You're just below 60% this quarter on adjusted basis and that's in line with the year-to-date. As we think beyond the fourth quarter and you've got a couple of these deals that obviously are a drag on the efficiency ratio, you still got the $50 million sales coming in. Any early thoughts on what to expect in 2018?
Donald Kimble: Matt, we would expect to continue to drive the efficiency ratio down from here. As you highlighted, the most recent transactions are not helpful in that case, but we do believe that there are opportunities between the additional expenses savings that we have remaining of $50 million from First Niagara, which we expect to realize early in 2018. The additional revenue synergies that we'll be achieving from that acquisition and just the organic growth where we continue to drive positive operating leverage to help drive the efficiency ratio down in 2018.
Matt O'Connor: And then just quickly on the purchase accounting accretion. I guess to take that $40 million for the fourth quarter and shrink that 10% per quarter for next year, and I guess you're getting the kind of 120 to 125 ranges for the full-year?
Donald Kimble: That makes sense in that range, yes.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Donald Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next we will go to Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys.
Donald Kimble: Good morning.
Scott Siefers: First one is just sort of a ticky-tack one on that PAA. I think the expectation before had been for a quest like $48 million a quarter for a while. It seems like a fairly large change in the expectation, just curious what drove that change and thinking there?
Donald Kimble: I think as far as the future expectation, we expected that purchase accounting accretion will continue to wind down year after year and continue to get to the point five, four years from now. It would not be adding any benefit at all. I would say that the current quarter came in lower than our expectations as far as that $48 million number because the purchase accounting benefit from the prepayments came in lower than what we would have expected. And so that's the only difference from that perspective and just our outlook will continue to reflect that as our new start point.
Scott Siefers: Okay. And then Don, when you've given the margin guidance, I think you used that core including the PAAs would be stable. Was that they reported margin you expect to be stable in the fourth quarter or the core the way we would think about it without the PAA?
Donald Kimble: What we had said in the script was the core without the PAA. That even with the PAA that still be in that same general ranges because when we say stable we say plus or minus a couple basis points and we would expect the purchase accounting to have that kind of or an offsetting impact.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. I think I just miss heard that, so apologies. And then final question just on the - you got some puts and takes in the loan growth and then it looks like sort of the ongoing growth is pretty strong particularly in the commercial portfolio, but then we've got these kind of unexpected paydowns. I know it can be difficult, but to what extent do you have visibility into the paydowns or I guess more to the point to what extent have you incorporated such phenomenon continuing into the updated guidance.
Donald Kimble: In our updated guidance, we have assumed that the prepayments or paydown would be higher than typical. And that's why we're showing loan growth getting us to $87 billion to $87.5 billion for the fourth quarter. As far as our insights, we were a little surprised by the level of paydowns we saw in September, so I wish our crystal ball is a little clearer than what it is right now, but I would say that that came in higher than expectations and so we're - our updated guidance would reflect that we would see some continuation of some of those higher levels of paydowns.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right, I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Donald Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next we will go to Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe: Great, thanks. I guess first question just in terms of the expenses - the expense guidance. I just want to make sure; I'm using kind of the right numbers here to get your $3.7 billion to $3.8 billion of total expenses. If I put instead of this similar numbers this quarter into fourth quarter, I get at the very high end of that range. Is that how you're thinking about it or is there - I did see those items that you mentioned in the HelloWallet and Merchant Services et cetera? Should we back out all those $20 million or whatever million dollars in fourth quarter, so the number would be $20 million or something million dollars lower than where it is now. Any clarity would be helpful.
Donald Kimble: Good comment. As far as our outlook, we're not backing out any of the impact from HelloWallet or the impact of Cain Brothers, so those were included in the numbers. So you're right, if you would add in a similar number for this quarter and the impact of Cain Brothers, we would be at the higher end of that guidance range. I would say that an outlook for the fourth quarter would assume that the core expense levels and Cain Brothers would probably be a little bit below the third quarter level, but when you add in Cain Brothers it would be higher than the third quarter level of 956.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Understood. Okay. And then just a quick question in terms of going back to the loan balances, I guess that you are expecting the prepayments or the payoffs to continue at this level. But if I just look at like CRE on an average basis down a percent and a half construction is down a lot more, if the past due continue at this point like what point can you actually drive growth in those particular lines?
Donald Kimble: I would say one is, as we've been counting on and continuing to show growth in our C&I of book. I would say that CRE and our construction portfolio did good show decline this quarter. We would not expect that that level of decline to continue that we would expect to be more of an ongoing stable look to that portfolio in the future. That we have seen some decline, especially in the construction portfolio and would expect to see that continue to trend down a little bit.
Ken Zerbe: All right. Great, thank you.
Donald Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Donald Kimble: Good morning.
Christopher Gorman: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: If I - fully appreciate the guidance on the efficiency ratio, but as you both know the conversation with investors sometimes always focuses a lot on dollar expenses. So, on the back of Ken's comments, as we think about some of the core growth that you expect for next year relative to the cost savings from First Niagara? Don, how do you expect that the quarterly trend line on absolute expenses to go sort of in the first half of next year versus the second half?
Donald Kimble: And we'll provide more clarity at the first quarter calls or 2018 outlook. But I would say generally that we would see the remaining $50 million realized in that first part of 2018. Also think about as our revenue synergies would be realized. We've said that that would be $300 million over the next two to three years. We'll also have expense added to tune of about $100 million to support that $300 million in growth. And so we would see that kind of proportionate throughout the next few years to grow to that level of additional revenue levels. I would I expect core expenses, absent those kind of trends and adjusted for these recent acquisitions would be relatively stable, what we've tried to do is continuing to drive the positive operating leverage by achieving cost savings to help offset some of the expense increases and allow those an investment to drive the revenue growth, which generates positive operating leverage.
Erika Najarian: Got it, and this next question is for Beth. Beth, as you recall there was a lot of consternation in the last quarter's call about some comments that may have been misconstrued on your part about your strategy and I'm wondering if you could - back with this big audience in front of you, you could give us a sense of how you're thinking about capital management for 2018 and 2019 for Key? And I'm asking that purposely in an open ended way.
Beth Mooney: Yes, and I appreciate the opportunity to be clear on point. As we look at Capital Management for 2018 and beyond, I think our priorities are very clear. First and foremost, our ability to use our capital to support our organic growth is our top priority. The ability to continue the dividend increases that have been outlined in our capital submission and was expected continue as we summit next year CCAR as we talked about migrating our dividend payout more - 50% range as a priority and then to continue to repurchase our share to be extent they are attractive for our shareholders and return of capital to our shareholders. From there strategically our priority would not be M&A. That is not a priority and yet on that front, we do not yet feel like we are fully complete realizing the value of First Niagara for our shareholders. So first and foremost, we believe and credibly important that we complete the job there and make sure that our shareholders realize the full benefit. And then to the extent, we have done investment, the people product in capability. Those are things that we continue to look to enhance our relationship strategy as well as our capabilities for our customers. Cain Brothers would be a recent example of that and within the second quarter HelloWallet and the purchasing our Merchant Services business would be examples of other areas where we feel like investment support our strategy and enhance our growth.
Erika Najarian: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
Donald Kimble: Good morning.
Peter Winter: If I could just follow-up on Erika's question about the expense that that $100 million in expenses added to support the revenue synergies, would you expect the revenue synergies to come through in 2018 and be above that or is there some type of delay?
Donald Kimble: I would say as far as our revenue synergies, it's a total of $300 million a year, net building proportionally throughout 2018 and 2019 and intend to 2020 a little bit. And we would expect the incremental expenses to be proportionate to that revenue realization. So we don't think there will be any further early build out of those expenses and so we would expect to see that net benefit continue to build throughout the next two to three year time period.
Peter Winter: Okay and just a quick follow-up. You added $19 million to the reserves this quarter, which it looks like - it mostly went in for the acquired loans. Is that a new pace that we should expect going forward?
Donald Kimble: Yes, the $19 million included both the allowance and the reserve for unfunded loan commitments. The $22 million for the - newly acquired loans was a little bit higher this quarter. I don't know that I would signal that's a new pace for us as far as having provision exceed charge-offs by $20 million that we do expect to continue to build that allowance at about a 1 basis point per quarter. So you will see some increased provision to account for that.
Peter Winter: Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll go to Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Hi, good morning. Appreciate the commentary on the revenue synergies and the benefits you get there. But can you just talk a little bit more about how that's progressing and it does seem like it is something that it does take time free to penetrate and really extract value from those clients. But can you talk a little bit about what you're doing there and how you see that $200 million net run rate playing out and start to filter through the results over time?
Christopher Gorman: Hi, Saul. It's Chris Gorman. Good morning. It's really a few areas where we're principally focused and those areas are - and I'm going to come back to residential mortgage in a minute, it's residential mortgage payments that made a couple of comments about the trajectory of our repayments business where we have a pretty broad portfolio that we're doing a pretty good job penetrating. Next is private banking. If you look at the legacy First Niagara footprint, there is a lot of wealth in that footprint and our key private banking business can do a good job and we think of penetrating that. Next we've got a lot of activity in the commercial banking capital markets area. It's kind of fun for me as I'm out in the market calling with people, you really can't differentiate kind of the way we're going to market in the new areas in the legacy area. So I think we're making really a lot of progress there. And then lastly and importantly, I mentioned residential mortgage that's a business that First Niagara had that's a business that we - Key didn't have in that we're building and we think it's a significant opportunity. If we just get our fair share of the 3 million clients, we have that are taking out residential mortgages. We think that can be a pretty significant growth business and on that point we've added - if you look at our MLO count just in the last quarter, we've added 20% for that sales force. So that gives you maybe a little bit of the flavor of kind of where we're focused.
Saul Martinez: That's helpful and in terms of when we actually start to show up in the results of this? This sounds like it's a long-term process. You guys have talked about it being a multi-year kind of framework and there's a lot of blocking and tackling obviously. But is this a 2018? Is this a 2019 story? How should we think about what you just said in terms of it actually filtering through in resulted and in topline momentum?
Donald Kimble: I would think that you start to see that build in 2018. As Chris said, we've been building out that residential mortgage business and we'll start to see the benefits there. We're already - seeing some of the benefits start to show some sprouts as far as the payment business and the capital markets related activities. And so those will continue to build those annuities doing for us going forward and start to pickup in 2018.
Saul Martinez: That's helpful. If I could change gears a little bit on and ask about capital. Your CET1 is now above 10%. I think you correct me if I'm wrong. You guys have talked about biggest 9% and 9.5% is an optimal CET1 ratio. Any updated thoughts on capital, it seems like you have a lot of room to rationalize capital and if you could just comment also in relation to that how many changes in SIFI threshold would think about would influence your thinking there?
Donald Kimble: Sure. And you're right. We talked about our long-term target for that CET1 to be in that 9% to 9.5% range. Past year CCAR submission reflected the impact of our acquisition which has some punitive impact to it as far as how the math works, and so our expectation is that we should - that highlight would be able to continue to step up that dividend and have share repurchases to help manage that capital levels down toward that 9% to 9.5% targeted range. And so we're optimistic that we can take those steps here in the next CCAR submission. To your point as far as the SIFI designation and what type of benefit that might have. Last year, we started to see a little bit of relaxing of some of the payout levels and before we had constraints as far as the payouts couldn't exceed a 100% of total earnings, and so we think that if that SIFI designation would change that could even loosen those restrictions even further. But our objective continues to have a strong level of capital and we believe in that 9% to 9.5% range that would position us very well respectively.
Saul Martinez: That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Donald Kimble: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Don can you share with us and looking at your earning asset yields particularly in the commercial loan portfolio, you see that they dropped from about 4.34 in the second quarter of 2017 to 4.11 in particular, the construction loans really dropped as well as commercial real estate. What are you guys seeing in that market for the yields to come down like that?
Donald Kimble: Gerard unfortunately what you're seeing in there really is some noise related to that purchase accounting true up that we had in the second quarter. And that was about $42 million most of which hit those categories that you talked about. And so if you would adjust for that, our commercial loan yields were up 15 basis points linked quarter, which reflects the impact of the increased LIBOR for the quarter. And so we're seeing on a core basis, it just makes it more difficult for you all to see it on a reported basis.
Gerard Cassidy: And do you guys find that the underwriting standards are being maintained in those lines of businesses or are you seeing something changes there by chance?
Christopher Gorman: Gerard, it's Chris. So as you think about - specifically since your question was about real estate, what you're seeing is sort of what you would expect at this point in the cycle, so I don't think the underwriting standards are changing dramatically. I will say though with the capital markets being as wide open as they are what you're seeing is that our customers have a lot more opportunity to look at taking 10-year no recourse, 10-year paper, and I'm thinking of Fannie, Freddie, FHA/HUD, the Life company's, CMBS market has been open. So clearly there are opportunities for our customers, but in terms of what people are putting on their balance sheet, we haven't seen a huge change.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then Chris speaking of just real estate, the investment banking and debt placement fee line, obviously $141 million good number. Can you break it out between the debt placement fees and pure investment banking? And then second is as part of that - are you able to capture any business from the First Niagara customers in the quarter?
Christopher Gorman: So in terms of the breakout, Gerard we've never provided a breakout by product with respect to that number. So that number that has a trailing 12 run rate of about $550 million, it's obviously - it's a big business for us. We've grown it each of the last several years. We anticipate continuing to grow it this year. As it relates specifically to some penetration into First Niagara, we have had some successes which really gives us frankly a lot of comfort. One of the areas of success is in commercial mortgage. So far we placed about $300 million of commercial mortgages things that were on our books that first and foremost serve the client better because it's a better deal for the clients. We make a fee; we de-risk our balance sheet, so that's one area. We've also had some wins in terms of things like straight up financial advisory type work which is pretty early to already have been engaged in complete those. So we feel pretty good about that trajectory.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you, guys.
Donald Kimble: Thank you.
Christopher Gorman: Thank you, Gerard.
Operator: Next we will go to Kevin Reevey with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Kevin Reevey: Yes, good morning. I was wondering maybe Don, I know the auto loan book is a small percentage of your overall loans, but a key focus of investors' attention, if you can kind of give us some color as to how the credit in that book perform this quarter versus last quarter?
Christopher Gorman: I would say that credit continues to be very strong there and no deterioration in that portfolio. Keep in mind that we focused on issuing super prime paper, so it's a 760 FICO score on average. So we're very pleased with the performance and we believe that we continue to be positioned well for that business.
Kevin Reevey: And then Don, I just wanted to kind of understand the moving parts on your earlier discussion on the NIM. You'd mentioned something about the investment securities rolling off and did you say you expect to see 50 to 60 basis points increase in yield, so that should offset some of the runoff in the loan accretion as well as the increased deposit cost. So I just want to kind of understand the moving parts?
Donald Kimble: Sure. As far as the investment portfolio, we have about a $1.4 billion cash flow as a quarter coming off that portfolio. For the fourth quarter, we would expect to see about a 50 basis point pick up on that $1.4 billion compared to the run off of that portion of the portfolio and so that will be an add-in that, so we get back to the gains as far as a relatively stable core NIM for the quarter.
Kevin Reevey: Great. Thank you. That's helpful.
Donald Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next we will go to Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please go ahead.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. There's two things that really were kind of off track in a sense kind of kept me from doing a little bit better this quarter. And one of those was like you said the PAA as you had all these paydowns in September those paydowns should have really led to higher purchase accounting accretion. So what was the disconnect, I mean I think you mentioned earlier kind of off the huff that you were surprised that it didn't work. When you looked at it, what was the reason that it didn't work this quarter?
Donald Kimble: I would say that the paydowns that we saw throughout the quarter that put pressure on our loan portfolio didn't necessarily correspond to the same type of benefit we would've seen for some categories that had a higher purchase accounting discount recorded at the time of the acquisition. And so those higher credit discount portfolios didn't deteriorated as much this quarter as what they had in previous quarters. And so it was really more of a mix of those paydowns as opposed to the absolute level of paydowns to cause that balance come down at a slower pace.
Marty Mosby: That makes sense. Maybe the better barrowers were able to do that versus credit impaired borrowers. The other thing I was looking at is while your investment banking and debt placement moved up sequentially and was at a higher level. It still was down from last year, and I was just curious if you thought that possibly any of the disruptions that we saw across the country with hurricanes and everything else that was going on, does that somehow possibly delay some of the transactions just because of the business destructions that were going on out there at the back end of the quarter?
Christopher Gorman: Marty, it's Chris. We don't specifically think that the hurricanes and some of the other disruptions had a material impact. A lot of these transactions have a pretty long lead time, and exactly when they happen is a whole to influence of things, but I don't think the weather per se had an impact on the timing of these deals. Having said that, we do feel good about where the pipeline is.
Beth Mooney: And Marty, I would add that if you look at 2016 the first half of the year that markets were depressed and not functioning well, so our levels of investment banking and debt placement fess were not consistent with the level of performance we would have expected. In the third quarter last year is the quarter where you really saw the markets open up and a lot of the pipeline flow through, so third quarter last year was actually a record year and reflects those pent-up demands coming out of the slow first half.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. On the loan demand side, just want to talk about the front end a little bit. I know you've been talking about in terms of loan growth the impact of the paydowns and everything, but in terms of the front end that you sounded a little bit more constructive in your commentary around the pipeline. So why don't you give us a little more color around where you're seeing the strengthening of pipeline and also a little bit around line utilization? Thanks.
Christopher Gorman: John, its Chris Gorman. A couple things, as we look forward into the fourth quarter, the pipelines are strong and there's a few things really working in our advantage there. The first is that we have a leasing business that typically is a fourth quarter business. Second thing is just our business flows continue to be good. Even areas like real estate where we didn't grow loans, we're clearly growing the business. So we have really good for us, as it relates specifically the utilization, pretty flat. So if you go back a year, you go back a quarter right around that is the utilization has been flat. So that is potential upside if people feel the impetus to sort of go along on inventory, which heretofore we haven't seen.
John Pancari: Okay. And then in terms of the borrower sentiment are you still seeing the number of borrowers apprehensive to drawdown online to mid the uncertainty in Washington?
Christopher Gorman: No, I think sentiment has remained sort of as it's been. I would describe it as cautiously optimistic. We're out talking to our clients all the time. But one of the interesting things that we've seen in places as diverse as say, Elkhart, Indiana and Boise, Idaho is all the sudden - it seems like unskilled labor is a little bit tight. It seems like the cost of building materials are starting to increase. So I would hold those out as sort of a little bit of a sort of green shoots as you think about people getting back to being a little bit more aggressive. But what we're seeing in general is sort of a continuation of what we've seen, which is that our clients are doing well, but they're cautiously optimistic.
Beth Mooney: And John I would add that there is dialog that relates around physical policy particularly related to tax reform and I do think that there is some tendency at this point here to way to see what that in uncertainty translate into an - with the more constructive tax environment. I do think there is some level of demand that might come for.
John Pancari: Okay, thanks Beth. And then on the comp expense, the 3% or 2.5% pickup their own linked quarter basis, how much of that was - I'd be related to relate to the performance in the investment bank and then one of the drivers impacted that? Thanks.
Donald Kimble: Sure, as far as the investment bank, we tend to see about a 30% correlation between the revenues changes and the comp expense that related investment banking debt placement fees. And so that's been fairly consistent over the last couple of years. One of the drivers this quarter as far as total personal cost, this is a - do we see seasonal increases in our healthcare and medical costs and that also drives an increase on a linked quarter basis around $5 million or so.
John Pancari: Okay and then one more from me. The Cain $20 million in revenue and expenses, do you expect in the fourth quarter? How does that trend further out the expense level pare back a bit or how we think about the profitability of the acquirement?
Donald Kimble: We do see a strong contribution coming from Cain. I would say the expenses do come down a little bit and we see a lot of revenue synergies opportunities for us as well as there a great with our world banking franchise. And you add that, Chris?
Christopher Gorman: No, I would just say that as an enterprise, we have about $10 billion of exposure in places like hospital, seniors housing, skilled nursing. Cain is an organization that we have been keenly interested in for some time. So we're adding about 100 people, 25 senior bankers that have very, very good relationships that tie in really well with the business that we built. So the first test we always have when we're looking at any acquisition like this is can we integrate it into our core business and if you think about the offerings that we have in terms of debt payments, equity, we think Cain will be a great fit.
John Pancari: Great, thank you.
Donald Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi, there are a lot of in and out here. Where is your guidance by line and a little bit worse where is it better? That you look ahead, I think you said you expect that our efficiency next year, but there are some other in and out I might have missed?
Donald Kimble: Yes, as far as our guidance for outlook the one piece that we did change was the loans and so we do see those at a lower level for the fourth quarter than we previously expected and it came in a little light on the third quarter compared our expectations, and so that's the primary driver. As a result of that, we're seeing a little less net interest income, but we've still kept that in the overall guidance range that we established at the beginning of the year. We've also seeing purchasing accounting accretion come in a little lower than what we had previously expected and so we think that is - there is an area of challenge from that perspective. The opportunities we continue to see strong fee income growth and we think we're well positioned for the capital markets, space to be strong again in the fourth quarter and we think fee income is growing at a pace. That's an in line to better than where we had been position before. And I'd say as far as the expense guidance that the only adjustment we've made there really is reflect Cain Brothers that wasn't previously in our guidance and even with that we're still in the range that we could previously provide. So I don't know that has changed materially as well and so I think it's just the three pieces that really have moved a little bit.
Mike Mayo: Got it and maybe this is too simplistic, but I think a KeyCorp with the capital markets being able to capture more disintermediation from the traditional bank lending, in other words, the paydown on the loans borrowers accessing the capital markets more - you've seen more of those revenues there?
Christopher Gorman: Mike, its Chris. We agree that we think the model that we've built is first and foremost well suited to our clients to be able to access whatever the most advantageous capital was. And so to the extent that there are pockets of pretty the markets are wide open in their pockets of opportunity out there, we think we're well positioned to serve our clients and continue to grow our business. It might in any given quarter, not be on the loans, on our balance sheet line. But we can continue to grow our business.
Mike Mayo: All right, thank you.
Donald Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Moss with FBR. Please go ahead.
Kyle Peterson: Hey, guys. It's actually Kyle Peterson on for Steve today. Wondering you guys could talk a little bit more on the capital front, so you guys got the nice boost to CET1 this quarter kind of the methodology reclassification. Moving forward I guess is there a particular in terms of combined payout is there a kind of level or propound you guys are looking at in future cycles or is it more about managing that dividend payout ratio where you want and try to get CET1 more to that 9% and 9.5% range?
Donald Kimble: I guess more of the latter that we do believe we want to see our dividend continue to step up and get into that payout range of 50% and then we will adjust the other capital actions, share buybacks to help manage that capital level down to that target range over time and so that's where we think there should be a nice step up for us in future CCAR periods to be able to reflect those.
Kyle Peterson: Okay, and then I guess a little bit more on the paydowns, I think if I heard commentary correctly and it's looking the numbers. It looks like there were total - is it fair to say they were total a little more toward CRE and construction over C&I and are those trends kind of continuing so far early in the fourth quarter?
Donald Kimble: The paydowns, you're right, probably had a disproportionate impact on the commercial real estate portion and construction. We would expect construction continue to wind down a little bit from the current levels and so we would expect that we also expect paydowns to continue to be an elevated level here in the fourth quarter. But longer-term, we do think that there's opportunity to show more stability and maybe down the road a little bit of growth there in the commercial real estate portion of the portfolio and that continue to see that line down.
Kyle Peterson: All right, great. That's all from me. Thanks.
Donald Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And next go to Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning everybody.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Donald Kimble: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: I wanted to follow-up on John's earlier question. I'm trying to better understand why you're not seeing the slowdown in C&I that many of your peers are seeing. It is just finding your markets more resilient, are you doing a better job of taking market share? Is there a particular market driving growth? Thanks.
Donald Kimble: I think as we step back and look at it, as you know we've always been strong in C&I. So we have a real business built around continuing to go out and as we look at it, it's really share capture because it's not as though we're holding any more of the credits that we're underwriting. So we really attribute that 2% linked quarter on annualized growth to really fortunate enough to be out there and be able to win in the marketplace.
Donald Kimble: One thing I'd like to add to that as well is that historically we rely more on the Corporate Bank as far as generating the C&I growth and I say over the last year and half to two years, we've seen the Community Bank portion of the commercial lending activity also be additive and that's been a real help for us and so we have the entire organization helping to drive that as opposed to just one portion of it.
Steven Alexopoulos: And is the growth broad-based or is there one market they would point to really be heated the story here?
Christopher Gorman: It's really broad-based, as Don mentioned in our Community Bank going to places, last week I was in Salt Lake, I was in Boise, we're getting really good growth across the board and a lot of that is C&I and that's the business of course that just last quarter had double-digit growth. So it's really broad-based.
Beth Mooney: And Steve I would just add to that also part of it if you think about it that we talked about last quarter and it continues into this quarter is that the First Niagara bankers in the new and overlap markets are starting to also contribute the first couple quarters or perhaps more focused on transitioning their relationship books and they are now also starting to see growth, which is gratifying.
Steven Alexopoulos: Helpful, maybe just one final one Don, sorry if I missed this, the new purchase accounting guidance going down 10% quarter-over-quarter in 2018. I think you were originally said you expected 2019 to decline around 20%. How should we think about that? Should we decline 20% of that new level for 2018?
Donald Kimble: First of all, it goes a lot longer than mind - but I would say just continue to assume that 10% decline per quarter to continue for the foreseeable future be a good estimate at this point in time.
Steven Alexopoulos: Perfect, thanks for all the color.
Donald Kimble: Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Thanks Steve. End of Q&A
Operator: And with that, no further questions. Ms. Mooney, I'll turn it back to you.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney - Chairman, CEO and President Don Kimble - Chief Financial Officer Chris Gorman - Vice Chairman & President of Banking, KeyCorp
Analysts: Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan John Pancari - Evercore Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Ken Usdin - Jefferies Steve Moss - FBR Scott Valentin - Compass Point Peter Winter - Wedbush Securities Saul Martinez - UBS Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Rob Placet - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to KeyCorp's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Beth Mooney. Please go ahead.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. In the room with me is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer, and we announced in June that Chris Gorman and Don were both recently named Vice Chairman of our company; and as such, we have Chris Gorman here joining us today in his new capacity as President of Banking at Key. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. Now I will move to Slide 3. This morning, we reported second quarter earnings of $393 million or $0.36 per common share. Our quarter included a number of notable items that we have outlined on the slide, which in total contributed a net benefit of $0.02 per share. Overall, it was another strong quarter, which reflects our continued business momentum across the company and the realization of value from our First Niagara acquisition. In the second quarter, excluding notable items, we generated positive operating leverage of 10% compared with the year-ago quarter, driven by revenue growth from our acquisition as well as our core businesses. Revenue benefits from both higher net interest income and continued growth in our fee-based businesses. On a linked quarter, expenses remained relatively stable despite some seasonal increases in certain line items. And importantly, we reached $400 million in annual run rate cost savings from our First Niagara acquisition. We remain confident in achieving $50 million in incremental savings by early 2018, which will allow us to continue to deliver value to our shareholders. Our cash efficiency ratio, excluding notable items, was 59%, and our return on tangible common equity moved to 13%. Credit trends remained strong during the quarter, with net charge-offs of 31 basis points and nonperforming loans down 12% from last quarter. In the second quarter, we increased our common stock dividend by 12% and continued repurchasing shares. We also received no objection from the Federal Reserve on our Capital Plan, and we are particularly pleased to highlight that it included two additional dividend increases in the plan period. By the second quarter of next year, this would result in a dividend of $0.12 per share or a 26% increase from the current level, obviously subject to board approval. Moving to Slide 4. We've continued to make investments in our talent, products and capabilities to drive growth, which contributed to our strong results this quarter. I've already mentioned the contribution of First Niagara, but we still have opportunities to reduce expenses further and deliver meaningful revenue synergies. I remain very confident in our ability to achieve the remaining $50 million in cost savings by early next year, bringing the total to $450 million or 46% of First Niagara's full year 2015 expense base. And we've been pleased with our initial success in generating incremental revenue in areas such as commercial mortgage banking and payments. Over the next several years, we expect to reach $300 million in annual revenue synergies. The investments we have made across our businesses have also helped fuel record results in our fee-based businesses like investment banking and debt placement, which reached $575 million on a trailing 12-month basis. Cards and payments income have also grown significantly with compounded annual growth of 18% over the last three years. These two businesses have generated more than $300 million of combined revenue growth over the past three years, and more than 80% of that has come from our core business and the investments we have made at Key, in our people, in our products and our capabilities. These businesses were also identified as opportunities for First Niagara revenue synergies, and we are still in the early stages of those being realized. And importantly, we are continuing to look across our organization and make strategic investments that will drive future opportunities for us. We recently announced the acquisition of HelloWallet, which has been a core component of our financial wellness offering. This acquisition further embeds HelloWallet into our platform, enhances the consumer value proposition and provides us with improved data and analytics. We will also fully control the investment roadmap and continue to strengthen and tailor HelloWallet's capabilities to help our 3 million clients improve their financial wellness. We also repositioned our merchant services business by acquiring our clients from a previous joint venture, which resulted in a $64 million gain during the second quarter. Our actions ensure we can best serve our clients with our direct relationship strategy going forward. This also better aligns our economics with the performance of the business and our clients. I believe these examples are illustrative of our enterprise-wide approach to continue driving and improving the value we provide our clients and our shareholders. I will close my portion of the call by restating my earlier point that it was another strong quarter for Key, demonstrating the value of our First Niagara acquisition and the core momentum we have built in our company. And this is translated into stronger operating results, a cash efficiency ratio of 59% and a return on tangible common equity of 13%. With that, I will turn the call over to Don for a more detailed look at the quarter. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Beth. I'm on Slide 6. We reported second quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.36 per common share. This compares to $0.23 per share in the year-ago period and $0.27 from the first quarter. As Beth mentioned, our results this quarter included a net benefit of $0.02 per common share from notable items made up of a $64 million onetime gain in our merchant services business, a benefit of $43 million from the finalization of purchase accounting, merger-related charges of $44 million and a $20 million charitable contribution. Earnings per common share, excluding these items, grew compared to both the prior quarter and the prior year. As Beth highlighted earlier, excluding notable items, our cash efficiency ratio was 59.4%, and we had a return on tangible common equity of 12.9%. Over time, we have seen continued improvement in these metrics. And with our second quarter results, we are either at or approaching our stated long-term targets. I will cover many of the remaining items on this slide in the rest of my presentation, so I'm now turning to Slide 7. Total average loan balances of $87 billion were up $25 billion or 41% compared to the year-ago quarter and up $369 million or 0.4% unannualized from the first quarter. Compared to the year-ago period, average loan growth primarily reflects the impact of the acquisition as well as ongoing business activity, with commercial and industrial loans continuing to be a driver. Sequential quarter growth in average balances was driven by commercial and industrial loans, which were up 1.7%, and offset lower commercial real estate and consumer balances. Our geographically-based core relationship business performed very well in the second quarter. Overall, our Community Bank middle market lending grew 4% un-annualized linked-quarter, with broad-based growth across Key's franchise, including strong loan production coming from our new and overlapped markets in the Northeast. In our Corporate Bank, client dialogue and deal flow were strong across the board. We raised a significant amount of capital for our clients, but we did see a mix shift towards capital markets' alternatives, which muted our loan growth. During the second quarter, only 14% of the capital we raised went onto our balance sheet, as capital market alternatives remained attractive for our clients. As an agent, we were able to meet the needs of our clients and generate strong fee income, as evidenced by our investment banking and debt placement fees. In real estate specifically, this mix shift was visible, with over $400 million in balances moving off our balance sheet during the second quarter and into the capital markets. I would also note that we continue to be selective in commercial real estate, having stepped back from certain markets and asset classes while also keeping the size of our construction book relatively small. Consumer loans primarily reflected the continued decline in the home equity portfolio, largely a result of pay-downs during the quarter. Our guidance for the year remains in the $87 billion to $88 billion range for the full year average balances. We project being at the lower end of the range, with an increase in commercial loan growth in the second half of the year. Continuing on to Slide 8. Average deposits totaled $103 billion for the second quarter of 2017, an increase of $29 billion or 39% compared to the year-ago period, and up $700 million or 0.7% un-annualized compared to the first quarter. Cost of total deposits was up 3 basis points from the first quarter, as commercial deposit pricing gradually moved higher for select relationships. We also saw growth in higher-yielding deposit products. Overall, our deposit betas continue to remain below historic levels, as we are maintaining our pricing discipline in our markets. Compared to the prior year, second quarter average deposit growth was driven by First Niagara as well as core retail and commercial deposit balances. On a linked-quarter basis, the change in deposit balances was primarily driven by core growth in CDs, NOW and MMDA, partially offset by a decline in escrow balances. Consumer deposits, which include our retail franchise as well the small business and private banking, now account for 60% of our total deposit mix. Turning on to Slide 9. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $987 million for the second quarter of 2017, and the net interest margin was 3.30%. These results compare to the taxable equivalent net interest income of $605 million and a net interest margin of 2.76% for the second quarter of 2016, and $929 million and a net interest margin of 3.13% in the first quarter of 2017. Included in the second quarter net interest income is $42 million from the finalization of purchase accounting, which added 14 basis points to our net interest margin for the quarter. Excluding the impact of the finalization, accretion contributed $58 million or 19 basis points to our second quarter results. This compares to $53 million or 18 basis points in the first quarter. Our outlook for the second half of the year assumes approximately $5 million of [correlated] decline in each of the next two quarters, resulting in approximately $100 million of accretion in the second half of the year. Excluding purchase accounting accretion, net interest income increased $282 million from the prior year, largely driven by the impact of First Niagara and higher earning asset yields and balances. Growth of $11 million from the prior quarter resulted from the higher earning asset yields, which was partially offset by higher funding costs and lower loan fees. Excluding the impact of purchase accounting accretion, our net interest margin was 2.97% for the second quarter, up 2 basis points on a linked-quarter basis, as the benefit from higher interest rates more than offset funding costs and loan fees. With finalization of our purchase accounting, our slide also now includes the remaining loan mark, which stood at $345 million at June 30, and the remaining PCI accretable yield of $137 million. Moving to Slide 10. Non-interest income in the second quarter was $653 million. Excluding notable items, which includes a onetime merchant services gain and a small benefit from purchase accounting finalization, noninterest income was $592 million, up $119 million from the prior year and up $15 million from the prior quarter. Growth from the prior year reflects the impact of the First Niagara acquisition as well as continued business momentum and investments across our franchise. Investment banking and debt placement fees increased $37 million, driven by higher commercial mortgage banking, underwriting and advisory fees. Compared to the first quarter, the $15 million increase in non-interest income largely reflects an $8 million increase in investment banking and debt placement fees. Operating lease income and other leasing gains increased $7 million, and cards and payments related revenues increased $5 million. Turning on to Slide 11. Reported noninterest expense for the second quarter was $995 million, which includes $44 million of merger related charges and $16 million of other notable items, a charitable contribution and a small benefit from purchase accounting finalization, both of which were in other noninterest expense.  Our expense level this quarter reflects our commitments to reduce expenses and improve efficiency. As Beth mentioned, during the quarter, we reached $400 million of annualized cost savings. And as we look out to the second half of 2017 and into early 2018, we will be executing on the remaining incremental $50 million to reach our full target of $450 million. Compared to the second quarter of last year, and after adjusting for notable items, noninterest expense was up $229 million. Growth primarily reflects the acquisition of First Niagara as well as higher incentive compensation related to stronger capital markets performance. Linked quarter expenses adjusted for notable items were up $3 million. Second quarter expense levels mostly reflect normal seasonal trends, including increased marketing efforts. Turning to Slide 12. Net charge offs were $66 million or 31 basis points of average total loans in the second quarter, which continue to be below our targeted range. Second quarter provision for credit losses was also $66 million, matching the level of charge offs. Non-performing loans decreased $66 million or 12% from the prior quarter and represented 59 basis points of period end loans. At June 30, 2017, our total reserve for loan losses represented 1% of period end loans and 172% coverage of our nonperforming loans. Turning to Slide 13. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio at the end of the second quarter was 9.97%. As Beth mentioned, we increased our quarterly common dividend by 12% to $0.095 per share. And in accordance with our 2016 Capital Plan, we repurchased $94 million of common shares during the second quarter. We also had no objection to our 2017 Capital Plan, which includes two common share dividend increases, reaching $0.12 per common share in the second quarter 2018, as well as a common share repurchase program of up to $800 million. Slide 14 provides you with our outlook and expectations. We remain committed to generating positive operating leverage, and have updated our guidance to reflect our second quarter results. Consistent with our previous guidance, our outlook does not include merger related charges. Based on our results in the first half of the year, we expect full year average loans to be in the low end of our $87 billion to $88 billion range, driven by strength in C&I. Average deposit balances for the year will reflect the expected run-off of some non-core deposits from the second quarter and should be in the range of $102.5 billion to $103.5 billion. Net interest income is expected to be in the range of $3.8 billion to $3.9 billion, marking an increase from our previous guidance to reflect the impact of higher interest rates and purchase accounting accretion. Our outlook assumes no additional rate increases this year, and the betas will remain well below their historic levels. We continue to expect quarterly impact of purchase accounting accretion to trend down over time, with the second half of the year totaling approximately $100 million. The quarterly impact should decline at a consistent pace from the second quarter level of $58 million, a decline of about $5 million a quarter. We anticipate that noninterest income will be in the range of $2.35 billion to $2.45 billion, an increase from our prior guidance, reflecting the second quarter merchant services gain as well as continued growth from our ongoing business activity and the acquisition. Noninterest expense should be in the range of $3.7 billion to $3.8 billion, which includes the impact of merchant services and HelloWallet. We expect merger-related charges, which are not included in the guidance, to trend down in the second half of the year from the second quarter level. 2017 net charge-offs should continue to be below our targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points, and provisions should slightly exceed our level of net charge-offs to provide for loan growth. Our GAAP tax rate is expected to be in the 26% to 28% range for the full year, reflecting a higher marginal rate on incremental earnings. And we remain committed to our long-term financial targets on the bottom of the slide: continuing to generate positive operating leverage, operating at a cash efficiency ratio of less than 60%, maintaining our moderate risk profile and producing a return on tangible common equity in the 13% to 15% range. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Regarding the loan growth guidance being at the lower end of the 87 billion to 88 billion range for average loans, I think you ended average loans at the midpoint of the year at 86.3 billion, right? That implies only 340 million a quarter for growth for the second half, which is relatively soft. Is the drag from home equity loans driving this outlook for more muted growth? Or is something else going on?
DonKimble: Well, Steve, for us to get to $87 billion, starting with an 86.3 for the first half, that means we'd have to be at $87.7 for the second half of the year. And so it would be a fairly sizable loan growth and a pickup from what we've been experiencing in the first half of the year.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Got you, Don. Okay. With the deposit costs ticking up quarter-over-quarter, Don, how are you thinking about the core margin here, ex the purchase accounting adjustments?
Don Kimble: Yes. We're showing a 2.97% for the current quarter without purchase accounting, that's up 2 basis points from the last quarter. It really reflects about 3 basis points from the March beta impact as far as the rate increase, offset by about a basis point lower from loan fees. And so going forward, we would expect to see some lift again in the third quarter from the June rate increase, that we would continue to expect to see a lower impact from purchase accounting accretion in future quarters.
Steven Alexopoulos: Do you think deposit costs keep trending higher at the pace we saw this quarter?
Don Kimble: I think that there's a couple of things that impacted us this quarter. One was the impact of the rate increase, but also we saw a mix shift in the current quarter. And so our outlook wouldn't imply the same type of mix shift going forward, but we would expect to see some of the same impact I talked about before as far as the June rate increase, and then also the purchase accounting adjustment.
Steven Alexopoulos: And then just a big-picture question for Beth. With the full First Niagara cost saves now in, the additional $50 million is on track, what do you think about what's next for Key? Do you do another bank deal here? Do you keep doing small deals, such as HelloWallet? What's the playbook?
Beth Mooney: We've always said that we would invest in people, products and capabilities. And I think this quarter was the reposition of our merchant servicing and the purchase of HelloWallet because that's very consistent with our strategy and our actions over the last couple of years. We've also said that, obviously, we felt First Niagara was a compelling opportunity and a unique fit for Key. And at the time, many banks talk about acquisition for scale, acquisition to reach a certain size. We have never talked about our strategy or our playbook in those terms. We've always said we have a full complement of what we need to serve our customers. But as we looked at First Niagara, we did believe it was a compelling fit. And as we sit here today, I do believe it was a good use of capital and has indeed created real value for our shareholders. So we are not yet done realizing the value. While we have realized the $400 million, we do have additional expense synergies. We're working on the client and revenue synergies. I don't believe we need further acquisition to meet our long-term goals. But I've also learned to never say never. But I believe that our strategies are sound, our focus is clear and that we're creating real value for our shareholders.
Operator: Next, we'll go to John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: I just wanted to get a little bit of additional color on loan growth trends that you're seeing. On the CRE side, I know you indicated some of the impact of the permanent financing markets. Does that imply that the front-end production on real estate generation is slower, at least on the construction side, and if you can talk about that a little bit? And then on the C&I side, I'm not sure if you mentioned line utilization. Sorry if I missed it. And just really interested in what you're seeing there in terms of CapEx pickup at all at your borrowers, and if that's driving a pickup in demand at all.
Chris Gorman: So a couple of things, as it relates to our CRE business, we still are seeing a lot of flows. If you look at our commercial mortgage banking business, we're up significantly year-over-year, and the pipelines are up. So there's a lot of flow within our real estate business. But as Don mentioned and Beth mentioned, there's a bit of a mix shift, that which goes on the balance sheet and that which we place elsewhere. So good flows in real estate, but the reality is there are market opportunities for our clients as these debt markets are wide open, and we're taking advantage of those for the benefit of our clients. With respect to risk management in real estate, we've talked before about keeping the portion of which is construction to a pretty low percentage, in this instance about 13%, and that's by strategy. And the other thing we've talked about, gee, for a couple of years on this call, is there are certain categories in certain locations, multifamily, gateway, gateway cities, for example, where we've been, from a risk profile, for some time sort of moderating our exposure there. With respect to your question on utilization, our utilization is really up a de minimis amount on a linked-quarter basis, about 0.5%. It doesn't necessarily show up particularly in CapEx as we think about our clients. Our clients remain optimistic. The discussions we're having with our clients remain very, very strategic and focused, but we are not seeing a whole lot of capital expenditures at this point.
John Pancari: Okay, that's helpful. And then my follow-up is -- kind of getting back to Steve's M&A question, Beth, it sounds like you're certainly going to still look for the strategic fits, and you favor these smaller type of nonbank deals potentially. And when it comes to bank deals, it doesn't sound like you completely ruled it out, and especially if you see something compelling. What I'm wondering is, and because this is where investors' concerns are, if you did find something compelling, how do you feel about earn-back? That was the biggest issue with the First Niagara deal that investors had is that it was a long earn-back period for tangible book value. How do you feel about that? Is that something that you will go near again in terms of how long the earn-back was implied on the First Niagara deal? Or is this something that you want to steer clear of, and you're going to look for something with a much shorter earn-back?
Beth Mooney: So John, I'm going to start conceptually. Strategically, Key is well positioned. We've got a strategy that I think is compelling and a trajectory in our core businesses that is now complemented and augmented by First Niagara. We -- and we are not yet done realizing the value of First Niagara and realizing the value for our shareholders. So I want to be clear that we are not a company who is seeking acquisition as part of our strategy. So if I led you to another place, I did not mean to. And as it relates to value creation, there are a range of things that we looked at, at First Niagara, not the least of which we really did believe Key was uniquely institutioned to unlock the value prospectively. And I think you see it in our returns on tangible common equity, and our efficiency ratio as well as expense saves at some 45% of the acquired cost base. I'm going to let Don augment where we are in the earn-back on tangible books and how he would describe that. But I want to close, John, with I did not mean to lead you to anywhere that was unintended.
Don Kimble: And as far as Beth's comments, I would just repeat that we've been very pleased with the financial results we've been able to achieve with First Niagara, that we're showing strong improvement in the categories that we knew that were important for us to achieve. We knew at the time of the announcement that the tangible book value dilution and payback period would be a challenge. I would say that we are seeing a quicker payback than what we originally had expected, and that's coming from the strength of the actual results and the performance we've seen to date. If you look at the tangible book value dilution that we have incurred to date, I would say over the next 3-plus years is when we go back to the point that we were at before the acquisition. And so I think that we're well positioned to have a much quicker payback period than what we initially thought.
Beth Mooney: And John, one last comment was, and in terms of stock price appreciation, our stock is up 7 -- some 70% versus the index, bank index for that period, the same period of time up 46%. So the forward value and the value realization, we do believe that was a good use of capital for our shareholders.
John Pancari: No, I agree. And the stock certainly reflects it. And I wasn't implying that you're saying you're going to do those deals. It sounds like you're not completely ruling out, so you have to ask the question because that certainly was a concern when the deal was announced. And lastly, Don, on that three-plus year implication that you just said, which method are you still tracking or using when you're calculating that recovery of that tangible book value? Is that the crossover? Or which one?
Don Kimble: The three-plus years I talked about was just getting back to tangible book value before the time of the announcement. So what we've talked about before was the [parallel]. And so we are looking at a three-year time period to get back to where we were from a tangible book value per share.
Operator: Our next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Erika Najarian: Yes. My first question, on a GAAP basis, just so we -- I appreciate, Don, your comment on the core NIM and how it's going to progress from here. I'm wondering if I could just get a confirmation on the starting point for GAAP NIM for 3Q. When we take out the purchase accounting refinement, do we start with, let's say, 3.15%, all else equal, in terms of the purchase accounting guidance that you noted during prepared remarks, and then forecast from there?
Don Kimble: I calculated 3.16% because it was 14 basis points on the purchase accounting true-up for finalization.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And the second question is for Beth. Clearly, with a CET1 of almost 10%, you have a lot of capital for your risk profile and your size, and you'll be continuing to build it over time. And as we look forward to 2018, what would you tell your long-term shareholders a -- what your range is in terms of medium-term payout? And how do you think about dividends versus buybacks in a time period where the CCAR isn't getting more difficult?
Beth Mooney: Thanks, Erika. Well, as we've talked about it, we have said that one of the things that we think is important, as the CCAR guidelines have been clarified, is the ability to lean into the dividend payout. We believe we hear that from our owners that the level of dividend payout is an important consideration in their investment thesis. So we have talked about a 40% to 50% targeted dividend payout over time. You saw us this year, in the construct of our Capital Plan, for a 2-tiered increase on our dividend payout through the second quarter of 2018. So that is an important part of how we approach CCAR. And then as we balance in any given year what the Capital Plan will look like in terms of return of capital to shareholders, we look at a number of things that, yes, it is indeed true that this is the first year where soft limits around 100% payout were not applicable, and we would always look at what we would do over and above dividends carefully in terms of what we think is the best use of our capital, both in terms of investing in the business as well as returning to shareholders.
Erika Najarian: But just as a follow-up there, I appreciate the comment on mix. And I'm wondering, given that we saw your peers declare a total payout over 100% -- at 100% or over for this year's CCAR, I'm wondering, as you move past the First Niagara deal, if a payout of 100% or over in total with the dividend at 40% to 50% is something that your shareholders could expect.
Don Kimble: Erika, this is Don. And as far as our CET1, that we are at 9.5% after the acquisition, and we feel very comfortable with that level of capital. We do believe that we have to have something north of 9% to continue to meet the stress test associated with CCAR. And so while it could be higher over a short window, we think that to maintain our capital ratios would imply something maybe about an 80% payout ratio. And that's something that we'll have to tweak positively or negatively based on what we see for organic growth and other capital needs.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead. 
Robert Siefers: Don, I was hoping you could just expand a bit on your comments on the deposit mix shift in 2Q. I mean, some of the reasoning is pretty obvious with rates moving, but it sounds like there might also be just some other moving parts in the total portfolio. Yes, I think you had mentioned some either intentional or expected runoff. So just hoping you could maybe expand a little on sort of what's going well versus any way you might have been surprised. And then, I guess, more specifically, you indicated the negative mix shift probably would not continue. Just more background on why that would be the case.
Don Kimble: Where we've been pleased is essentially with our retail deposit growth and our core commercial deposit growth. Where we've seen some outflows is more in the non-transaction oriented deposits. And so for example, this past quarter, we saw a decline of about $1.2 billion in our collateralized deposits, which really don't provide any liquidity for us, and had an impact on the overall rates that we have for our deposit mix. I'd say in some of the individual categories, you're going to see a little bit more shift in some of the commercial categories, which are driving up some of the overall rates in some of the deposit categories. But generally, we, again, have been pleased with the retail and core commercial transaction accounts.
Robert Siefers: Okay, perfect. And then just one separate kind of ticky tack one on the higher tax rates expectation. I mean, I definitely get the higher marginal rate on higher earnings. But was there anything else that changed? I guess I'm just wondering, presumably there would've been a ramp expected in the previous guidance as well. So was there anything else that changed sort of quarter to quarter that drove the expectation higher?
Don Kimble: Really, if you take a look at our guidance update, it's up pretax about $100 million. And that incremental earnings is taxed at a marginal rate of over 37%. And so that will have the effect of increasing our average tax rate by over 50 basis points. And so that really is the reason for the shift up in the tax rate.
Robert Siefers: Okay. So then, indeed, then it is just all the higher pretax earnings base?
Don Kimble: You got it, yes.
Operator: And we'll go to Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Don, I just kind of want to put a finer point on the comments around commercial real estate. I know you guys were talking about sort of your risk tolerance around CRE, but are you actually seeing any actual deterioration in commercial real estate? Do you expect to see deterioration in commercial real estate or weaker market terms? Or is it really just sort of Key's own preference for limiting CRE growth?
Don Kimble: It is very much the latter. And actually, we've seen credit quality trends improve in commercial real estate. And so that hasn't been an issue. Chris had mentioned earlier that a couple of years ago, we started to exit certain markets. And those markets continue to do very well. And so maybe we put the brakes on a little too fast as far as being conservative there, but we want to make sure that we're cautious and using the capital appropriately as far as putting it to work with our customers.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Okay, that helps. And then just on the expense side, whether it's for you or Beth. Once you achieve the $450 million of expense savings, right, and let's ignore any potential acquisitions you might or might not do, where do you go from there, right? How much room is there to actually take down sort of Key's core operating expenses versus just getting the efficiency improvement because of higher revenues?
Don Kimble: Great. And our model for the last several years has been one of continuous improvement and allowing us to generate cost savings to help fund the investments we want to make back in the business. And we believe that still is available to us prospectively. And a number of the cost-saving efforts that we had teed up before the acquisition of First Niagara were delayed because we wanted to focus most of the resources on the integration of First Niagara. And so we do believe there are some things that we can do to help achieve further cost saves. And that's going to be important for us in the long haul, especially since we're not seeing a GDP growth provide us any tailwinds as far as the growth in our bottom line.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Don, can I ask you two questions on balance sheet mix? Just on the securities portfolio, it looked like it came down a little bit on average. Can you just talk about just that in relation to what was happening on the liability side? Are you investing further? Or are you just kind of taking a pause? And any changes to the kind of roll-on, roll-off yields?
Don Kimble: As far as the overall portfolio, I mentioned before that the collateralized deposits were down [indiscernible]. And that gave us some flexibility as far as managing our overall investment portfolio. It's a free liquidity at that point in time, and so that's something we'll continue to reassess. I would say that, that overall investment portfolio size is more reflective of the balance sheet management and liquidity constraints for the company as opposed to any other purpose. And then as far as the new purchases, they're coming on at about a 40 basis point kind of spread compared to the roll-off position. It's 30 to 40 basis points overall. So.
Ken Usdin: Okay. So still net positive. Second question, just on the right side. Just in terms of this year, you guys were kind of close to the line on Tier 1 capital. And it came to the stress in the CCAR. And you guys are at 80 basis points of RWAs in terms of the preferred after the redemption of the First Niagara. Perhaps, can you just talk through just your comfort with your buffer? And do you anticipate any further needs in terms of that mix of capital over time in terms of [indiscernible] issuance?
Don Kimble: We'll continue to look at it over time because preferred is still an important part of that Tier 1 capital component. I would say as far as our stress-test results, we still believe that there's room for improvement there, that we don't believe that the Fed scenarios give us appropriate credit for some of the cost savings that we've already been able to achieve and discounting out some of the merger-related charges. We also know that there's some data elements that we didn't have in some of our earliest filings that probably resulted in higher loss projections under their models as well. And so we think over time that those both will improve for us as well.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And did that result or did anything about last year's post-merger tighter stress impact the ask that you went for this year in terms of conservatism just given that uncertainty?
Don Kimble: I think that we were pleased, referring to the ask that we made, and don't think that we would've changed that if we would have known what their black box results would've been. So we think it's an appropriate position in the company at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Moss with FBR. Please go ahead.
Kyle Peterson: This is actually Kyle Peterson on for Steve today. Just a couple of questions. So I guess, in core NIM, I kind of appreciate there are some moving pieces there. We had the June rate hike. Security yields are -- or replacement yields are a little better, but then there's also a little bit of moving pieces around deposits. I'm wondering if you guys had any sense of kind of where you see the core NIM going in the coming quarters, given that we did have that hike in June.
Don Kimble: Yes, the expectation would be generally relatively stable, which reflects the benefit of the June rate increase, but also the impact of lower purchase accounting and some of the other mix shifts that you talked about. I think, also, it's important to note that our guidance for the full year shows an increase of almost $100 million as far as the net interest income. And that's reflective of the balance sheet growth that we're expecting and also the strength of the margin going forward.
Kyle Peterson: So I guess, if it's with a little bit lower purchase accounting, then you get a little better on the core ex accretion. Is that the right way to think about it?
Don Kimble: Correct.
Kyle Peterson: And then just a quick question. I didn't catch it in the release, and my apologies there. What was the preferred dividend expense that you guys had this quarter?
Don Kimble: $14 million this quarter, and that's what we see going forward. So I know it was noisy in the first quarter, but it's now down to a stable level going forward.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Scott Valentin with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Scott Valentin: Just trying to get a sense on the net charge-off guidance for the year. Looking at the table in the presentation, you guys have been below 40 basis points, I think, for the entire period in the presentation. Just wondering if you see things changing in the second half of the year where you expect net charge-offs to increase.
Don Kimble: Our charge-off outlook would be fairly consistent with what we experienced in the first half of the year. You can always see a blip here or there. But generally, we would expect it to be fairly consistent; but as we highlighted before our credit quality metrics in the second quarter all improved, with nonperforming being down 12%. Criticized and classified has also improved. So I think we're pretty well positioned going into the second half of the year.
Beth Mooney: As we look at our portfolio and our mix of businesses, we continue to believe the credit environment is benign. We don't see any emerging issues or concerns in any of our portfolios. And realistically, I think the only kinds of changes to the kind of averages you've seen on net charge-offs would be, as we've talked about, as you bump along the bottom, for lack of a better term, would be some -- if anything, was idiosyncratic, but nothing that suggests a trend or a shift.
Scott Valentin: And just a topical item of late, but just in terms of retail exposure, both C&I and CRE, I don't know if you have that handy, if you can tell maybe what percent of the loan portfolio is retail CRE and retail C&I?
Don Kimble: What we've talked about before was if you look at the direct exposure to retailers, plus the direct exposure to a regional mall combined, it's around $1 billion. And so it's a fairly small portion of the overall portfolio.
Operator: Next question is from Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: I was just wondering, can you just give an update in terms of new account growth, deposit growth in Upstate New York?
Chris Gorman: We have enjoyed deposit growth across the entire, what we call, the new markets. And so we continue to be ahead in terms of what we thought of in terms of what we had modeled in terms of deposit growth. And we also, Peter, continue to be in better shape than we were -- than we had modeled in terms of attrition. And interestingly, on the attrition side, 70% of the attrition, which isn't as great as we would have modeled, are people that were a single-product or a single-service customer. So we feel good about the trajectory.
Peter Winter: Just a follow-up. The comments earlier about customers choosing capital markets versus holding the loans on the balance sheet, loans held for sale had a nice increase from first to second quarter. Would that be a good indicator for the second half of the year in terms of capital markets' CMBS-type business and fee income?
Chris Gorman: Peter, it's a good indicator of the velocity and the activity that we have going on, on our platform. Having said that, we -- there's a lot of churn in that number. So some of those would span quarters, others wouldn't span quarters. So it's not necessarily a number that you can extrapolate perfectly. I will tell you this. We feel good about our business kind of across the board. Our investment banking and debt placement fees will be another record year this year. The actual -- how it lays out from a quarter-to-quarter perspective will be a little smoother this year than last year. Recall last year in the first -- particularly in the second quarter, actually, the markets were challenging. So you had some volatility. But all in all, we feel good about where the business is. But looking at that number specifically, you can't necessarily extrapolate it into the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Hi, good morning. I apologize if you guys addressed this already, but with overlapping calls, it's kind of difficult to keep -- stay on top of everything. But first, on revenue synergies, can you just comment on how you're feeling about that, whether you're seeing that already, to what extent it's in the numbers, and how you're feeling about the $300 million goal that you've laid out in the past?
Chris Gorman: Saul, we feel really good about the $300 million goal. You will recall, when you talked about it being in the numbers, all the modeling that we did around the acquisition, specifically the $300 million of revenue, incremental revenue, were not in any of the numbers and the guidance we had given anyone going back to the acquisition. Getting back to the $300 million, we feel good about it. As you think about things like residential mortgage, payments, indirect auto, commercial mortgage banking, private banking, which is interesting because First Niagara really was not in the private banking business. And our private banking business right now has a lot of momentum. And so we think that's another area. Some of these sales, as you know, have a long tail. Some of them are relatively short. We've had some success that's already closed, for example, in commercial mortgage. But getting back to your question, we feel good about the $300 million in revenue synergies.
Saul Martinez: Understood. And when I said in the numbers, I meant is it showing up already in the first-half results? Have you extracted -- of the $300 million, have you extracted anything thus far?
Beth Mooney: Yes. Saul, in my comments, and we realize we had some overlapping with another call, we said very early days in terms of what's in current results. But lots of confidence about the pipeline, the fit and the value of the revenue synergies going forward.
Saul Martinez: Understood. I'll ask a second question. And again, I apologize if you did address it. But the expense number, the expense guide, $3.7 billion to $3.8 billion in what you've -- obviously, it's up a little bit. But what's the level of investment, level of cost that is associated with HelloWallet and the merchant services?
Don Kimble: That'd be less than $20 million for the second half of the year between tangible amortization and operating expenses.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please go ahead. 
Marty Mosby: I wanted to ask a different question kind of as a go-forward. As you've gone through the acquisition, the allowance-to-loan ratio has dropped to about 1%. When you think about CECL, so how will that one be affected by what you have in your purchase kind of portfolio? And then how do you think of that in the sense of building back that loan loss allowance ratio as you kind of go into the new accounting?
Don Kimble: One, as far as building back the reserve, normally, we would expect the allowance to increase. But it was flat this quarter, mainly because of the improved credit quality that we experienced throughout the portfolio. We talked about -- before about a 12% reduction in nonperforming, and criticized and classified being better. And so that really resulted in us having a flat allowance. As far as CECL, we're still early stages as far as doing the modeling for that. But generally, we'd expect the allowance to be higher under CECL than you would under previous GAAP. But I think the impact might differ between different loan types and categories. And so it's still too early to see, but we'll start to probably show some increases in the reserves prospectively between now and 2021, when we have to implement CECL.
Marty Mosby: And then, Beth, you've seen the return on tangible common equity move up towards the lower end of your 13% to 15% kind of guidance, which is in direct result from the acquisition. So I think that's really what the benefit of this acquisition was, is really pushing that to a whole new level. What is the next kind of round of improvements to get you from right at 13% maybe towards the middle to upper end of that range?
Beth Mooney: Well, Marty, I think it is a function of implementation of the strategy. You're right. We were beneficial to get a step-change in the level of our return on tangible common equity with the merger. And now from here, it is the improved operating performance, continued strong capital management. And we see a path and a plan to move through that 13% to 15% guidance in the next couple of years.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Rob Placet: This is Rob from Matt's team. With regards to your I-banking and debt placement fees, another strong quarter this quarter. Does the strength so far this year make you any more constructive in your outlook for the back half of the year versus maybe where you were last quarter or at beginning of the year?
Chris Gorman: Well, again, we always think that this is a business where you ought to look at it on a trailing-12 basis. We feel really good about the business. As I mentioned earlier, this -- 2017 will be another record year. It'll be another year where we grow it. The other thing I mentioned is this year, on a quarter-to-quarter basis through the four quarters, it will be a little smoother than it was last year. The pipelines -- as we look forward, the pipelines are strong. So we feel good about the business. We feel good about the constructive conversations we're having with our clients. And as always, I would be remiss if I didn't say it's all market-dependent, but we feel pretty good about it.
Rob Placet: Okay. And then just separately, on the $345 million of First Niagara loan marks, can you remind us how much will ultimately flow through net interest income versus flow through credit? And then on the outlook for purchase accounting accretion, following the $100 million you expect in the back half of this year, how should we think about the step-down in 2018 and 2019?
Don Kimble: The accretion all goes through margin. And so what you'll see overtime is building back some of the reserves to offset some of that. But you will see that flow-through through margin prospectively. So like when we talked about the $58 million for the current quarter, you would see that step down to $53 million, and then $48 million would be our outlook for the next couple of quarters. I would also expect you to look at about a 20% kind of reduction per year prospectively from there.
Operator: And we have a question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy: Beth, can you give us a 30,000 foot type of view? We saw earlier in this quarter, in the second quarter, the treasury come out with their so called white paper on their views of how regulation should change for the banking industry. And when you look at what they recommended, what are one or two or the top ones that would benefit Key if the regulators were to change or act on some of their recommendations?
Beth Mooney: Thanks. I do think the white paper is an important kind of stake in the ground. If you look at nine years post crisis, we certainly have a stronger and more resilient banking sector. We've got high levels of capital and liquidity. So I do think the opportunity to review regulations that align with risk complexity simplification are all important. But I think specifically, as you look at liquidity and capital, there are some opportunities there in terms of what qualifies for LCR requirements. And then I think specifically, some of the capital requirements that would be attributed to mortgage and small business lending would be an opportunity for Key as well as the industry. So we'll see what emerges, but I am encouraged that -- on the list of things that are under review, and I think as I said, at this point, the industry is certainly resilient and well capitalized. And there are some probably opportunities there that would be beneficial.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And then just as a follow up. Chris, you talked about the strength of the investment banking business, and particularly in the real estate area. And I know it's market dependent, as you mentioned, but when you look at your numbers, how much of it was due to market conditions being as healthy as they are for this business versus you taking market share and improving your penetration of customers? And then as part of that, is the First Niagara -- I know you've got some early wins there. Does it represent 0.5% of that business? Or how does it frame out for First Niagara at this point?
Chris Gorman: So a couple of things. Before I get to First Niagara, clearly, we, Gerard, pay very close attention to where we stand from a market share perspective. And I can tell you, in our capital markets businesses, we are gaining share. And we use an outside service, the same folks that we've used for a long time. And so it is share gain in addition to the markets obviously being open and available. With respect to First Niagara, it's very early days. It would not equate to 0.5%. But what's interesting is we're having a lot of discussions with legacy First Niagara clients. So that's in the future. But in terms of actually having revenue in our investment banking and debt placement fee numbers, not yet a big number. As I mentioned earlier, we did use our commercial mortgage business to place about $200 million with Fannie and Freddie.
Gerard Cassidy: And not to ask for names, but when you say share gains, are you taking it from other regional banks or the universal banks or the foreign banks? Have you been able to parse that out?
Chris Gorman: It's a mix. And particularly, we feel like our model, Gerard, is really capable of really growing relationships with people that need both the balance sheet, need all the treasury services that we provide and need the strategic advice. So we feel like our model, focused on the middle market, is at a competitive advantage to some other models that are more peaky models.
Operator: And with no further questions, I'll turn it back to you, Ms. Mooney, for closing remarks.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks. And again, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney - Chairman and CEO Don Kimble - CFO Bill Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Samuel Ross - Evercore Scott Siefers - Sandler O’Neill Bob Ramsey - FBR Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Gerard Cassidy - RBC Lana Chan - BMO Capital Markets Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Saul Martinez - UBS Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Kevin Reevey - DA Davidson Peter Winter - Wedbush Securities
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO, Beth Mooney. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Joining me for today’s presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer. And available for our Q&A portion of the call is Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I am now turning to Slide 3. Key reported strong results for the first quarter which reflects continued business momentum throughout our company and our success in realizing value from our First Niagara acquisition. My comments this morning will exclude merger-related charges which were $81 million or $0.05 per share in the quarter. We generated positive operating leverage in both the year ago period and prior quarter and our pre-provision net revenue was up 58% from last year and 6% from the fourth quarter. Revenue trends reflect strong net interest income and another quarter of solid performance from our fee-based businesses including our capital market area. Both revenue and expenses reflect our acquisition of First Niagara last August and the addition of over 1 million new consumer and commercial clients. Our result this quarter also reflects significant progress on our cost savings targets and efficiency goals. This has been accomplished by continuing to focus on legacy key expense levels, as well as executing our integration plans for First Niagara. At the end of the first quarter, we had achieved 85% of our targeted cost savings of $400 million from our acquisition. The remaining 15% will be realized by the end of next quarter and we expect to exceed our initial savings target and deliver $450 million of cost savings by early 2018. Our cash efficiency ratio this quarter moved to 60.4% and we're on a past to move that below 60%. Credit quality remains strong this quarter but lower net charge-offs and a reduction in non-performing assets and loans relative to the prior quarter. We also maintained our strong capital position with the common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.9%. During the quarter, we repurchased $160 million of common shares and subject to Board approval we expect to increase our common stock dividend in May. Moving now to Slide 4. During the quarter we made significant progress with our First Niagara acquisition and as I mentioned earlier, we expect to exceed our initial cost savings target but the conversion of branches, systems and clients completed in the fourth quarter our teams continue to execute our detailed merger plans as we moved into 2017. In addition to the completion of our branch consolidations plans, we have now exited approximately half of the corporate real estate space that was identified along with our work to decommission nearly all of the targeted application and servers. From a strategic perspective, our confirmation with First Niagara has truly transformed our market presence particularly in Upstate New York where our history days back nearly 200 years. We now have leading market share in a number of important markets and have improved our scale but deposits per branch are approximately 70%. We have also made broad-based progress in strengthening the relationships with our 1 million new clients. Retail deposits have grown from the conversion dates in every First Niagara market. We are also seeing strength in areas like commercial mortgage banking, payments and residential mortgage as we continue to build out that platform. Critical to our success with First Niagara is our ability to deliver on our financial targets and the commitments we have made. As I said, we remain on track to achieve our initial $400 million in cost savings by the second quarter and we expect to reach $450 million by early 2018. This would represent 46% of First Niagara’s full year 2015 expense base. With our first quarter results, we are operating at a level consistent with or better than the financial targets we announced with the acquisition. And while not included in our financial targets, revenue synergies from our acquisition provide significant upside. We have been very pleased with our early wins and remain confident in our ability to deliver a broad range of products and services to our new client. I will close my portion of the call by restating, that it was a strong quarter for Key and also the third consecutive quarter that we have shown value creation from our First Niagara acquisition. During each of these quarters, we have grown our business by expanding client relationships and delivered on our cost saving commitments and this is translating into enhanced operating results. As evidenced by our 60% cash efficiency ratio, and 13% return on tangible common equity both of which improved by 400 basis points from the year ago period. While we are reporting results that reflect the value of the acquisition, we believe they have not yet been fully recognized in our stock valuation. With that, I will turn the call over to Don for more detailed look at the quarter. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks Beth. I'm on Slide 6. First quarter net income from continuing operations was $0.32 per common share after excluding $0.05 of merger-related charges as compared to $0.24 per share in the year ago period and $0.31 in the fourth quarter which excludes $0.11 of merger-related charges. As Beth mentioned, we generated positive operating leverage for the quarter. Excluding merger-related charges, our cash efficiency ratio was 60.4% and we had a return on tangible common equity of 12.9%. I’ll cover many of these items on this slide in the rest of my presentation so I’m now turning to Slide 7. Total average loan balances of $86 billion were up $26 billion or 43% compared to the year ago quarter and up $773 million or 1% unannualized from the fourth quarter. Compared to a year ago period average loan growth primarily reflects the impact of the acquisition, as well as ongoing business activity with commercial and industrial loans continuing to be a driver. Sequential quarter growth and average balances was driven by commercial loans which were up 2% and reflecting ongoing business activity and lower payoffs in our real estate capital line of business. Consumer loans primarily reflected the continued decline in home equity loan portfolio in line with market trends. As we previously communicated, we plan to finalize purchase accounting including the fair value of acquired loan portfolio in the second quarter. Continuing to Slide 8, average total deposits totaled $102 billion for the first quarter of 2017, an increase of $30 million compared to a year ago period and down $3 million compared to the fourth quarter. The cost of our total deposits was relatively stable in the first quarter with a beta of less than 10% for total interest bearing deposits we remained - we maintained our deposit pricing discipline despite the increased interest rates. Our guidance assumes the beta will remain low throughout this year. Compared to the prior-year, first quarter average deposit growth was driven by First Niagara, as well as continued momentum in our retail banking franchise. It is important to note that retention of the First Niagara deposit base is exceeded expectations. As Beth mentioned, retail deposits have grown in every First Niagara markets since the conversion date adding approximately $600 million in total balances. Consumer deposits which include our retail franchise, as well as small business and private banking now account for approximately 60% of total deposit mix. On a linked-quarter basis, the change in deposit balances was primarily driven by escrow deposits along with a target reduction and certain short-term commercial deposits. In the corporate bank as expected we saw a decline in deposits as we exited low value rate relationships and collateralized deposits. On a period in basis, deposit balances were stable with growth from our retail franchise offsetting lower escrow deposits. Turning to Slide 9, taxable equivalent net interest income was $929 million for the first quarter of 2017 and the net interest margin was 3.13%. These results compare to taxable equivalent net interest income of $612 million and a net interest margin of 2.89% for the first quarter of 2016 and $948 million and a net interest margin of 3.12% in the fourth quarter of 2016. Keep in mind fourth quarter results included $34 million related to the third quarter refinement of purchase accounting. Included in the first quarter net interest income is $53 million from purchase accounting accretion which added 18 basis points to our net interest margin for the quarter. This compares with $58 million in the fourth quarter which excluded the prior period refinement. Our outlook would assume that the impact of purchase accounting accretion will continue to decline at the same pace. Excluding purchase accounting accretion, net interest income increased $264 million in the prior-year largely driven by the impact of First Niagara and higher earning asset yields and balances. Growth of $20 million in the prior quarter resulted from higher earning asset yields which partially offset by two fewer days in the quarter. On our slide we had a detail to show the trend in our net interest margin excluding the impact of purchase accounting accretion which is 2.95% for the first quarter to benefit from higher interest rates and lower levels of liquidity. I’m going to Slide 10, non-interest income in the first quarter was $577 million, up $146 million from the prior year and down $32 million from the prior quarter excluding the fourth quarter benefit from merger-related charges. Growth in the prior year was driven by higher investment banking and debt placement fees, a result of improved capital markets conditions and activity. It was a record first quarter for this business. We also saw growth in the prior year and a number of our other businesses like Trust and investment services, service charges on deposit accounts, and cards and payments income which benefited from the acquisition and ongoing business activity. Compared to the fourth quarter, lower non-interest income largely reflects lower investment banking and debt placement fees which had a very strong fourth quarter along with corporate owned life insurance which is seasonally lower in the first quarter. Turning to Slide 11, reported non-interest expense for the first quarter was $1 billion which includes $81 million of merger-related charges. A detailed breakout of merger-related charges is included in the appendix of our materials. As Beth mentioned, our expense levels this quarter reflects our commitments to reduce expenses and improve efficiency. 85% of our targeted cost savings have been achieved and are reflected in our first quarter results. On the bottom line on the slide you can see that our quarterly run rate after adjusting for merger-related charges, pension settlement and intangible amortization refinement was $58 million lower compared to the fourth quarter. We expect to achieve the remainder of the $400 million initial cost savings target in the second quarter and as we look out to the remainder of 2017 and enter early 2018, we will be executing on our revised target of $450 million, an incremental $50 million from our initial target. Moving back to reported expenses compared to the first quarter of last year and after adjusting for merger-related charges, non-interest expense was up $253 million. Growth primarily reflects the acquisition of First Niagara, as well as higher incentive stock based compensation. Linked-quarter expenses adjusted for merger-related charges were down $81 million. Lower incentive levels reflect the merger cost savings achieved, as well as the lower pension expense due to the fourth quarter settlement charge. Additionally, lower incentive and stock-based compensation for the first quarter was offset by seasonally higher benefit expense. Turning to Slide 12, our net charge-offs were $58 million and 27 basis points of average total loans in the first quarter which continues to be below our targeted range. First quarter provision for credit losses was $63 million which slightly exceeded the level of net charge-offs. Non-performing loans decreased $52 million or 8% from the prior quarter. At March 31, 2017 our total reserves for loan losses represented 1% of period end loans and 152% coverage of our non-performing loans. Turning on to Slide 13, common equity Tier 1 ratio at the end of the first quarter was 9.9%. In accordance with our 2016 capital plan, we repurchased $160 million of common shares during the first quarter. Also we both redeemed and converted some of our preferred stock in the quarter. In February, we redeemed our preferred series fee which totaled $350 million and in March we converted our 7.75% Preferred Stock Series A in the common shares which added approximately $21 million in common shares outstanding. For the first quarter, our preferred stock dividend totaled $28 million with the Series C redemption and the Series A conversion, we would expect our quarterly run rate to move down to $14 million. Slide 14 provides you with our outlook and expectations for our recorded results in 2017. Merger-related charges are excluded. We remain committed to generating positive operating leverage and have updated our guidance to reflect our first quarter results. We continue to expect average loans increased in mid single-digit percentage range which translates the full year average balances of $87 billion to $88 billion. We expect loan growth to exceed deposit growth with full year average deposit balances in the range of $104 billion to $105 billion. Net interest income is expected to be in the range of $3.7 billion to $3.8 billion. The $100 million increase from our previous guidance with our outlook assuming one additional rate increase late in the year and the data will remain low for the remainder of the year. We continue to expect the quarterly impact from purchase accounting accretion to trend down over time with the 2017 full-year amount in the range of $180 million to $190 million, approximately 20% below the fourth quarter run rate. The quarterly impact will decline consistent with the phase that we experienced in the first quarter. We anticipate that non-interest income will be in the range of $2.3 billion $2.4 billion as we continue to drive growth from ongoing business activity and the acquisition. Non-interest expense is expected to be in the range of $3.65 billion to $3.75 billion and once again does not include merger-related charges. With the incremental cost savings we expect to achieve from the acquisition, we're also anticipating higher levels of merger-related charges. We expect charges to increase proportionally from the regional $550 million estimate. In 2017, net charge-offs should include - should continue to be below our targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points and provision should slightly exceed our level of charge-offs to provide for loan growth. To wrap up, this quarter was important to us. We've been committed to realizing the value of the acquisition to achieve the improvement in our operating performance and to continue to drive core growth. And while we are not there yet, we are on the cost of delivering our performance within our long-term target range. We remain committed to our long-term financial targets as have shown at the bottom of this slide which include continuing to generate positive operating leverage, reducing our cash efficiency ratio to less than 60%, maintaining our moderate risk profile, and producing a return on tangible common equity of 13% or 15%. I’ll now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions in the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. I was wondering if you could just elaborate on the trust line actually, that was quite positive and just any more color in terms of what was driving that?
Don Kimble: We are continuing to invest in this area and reflected the growth in our investment services business along with the benefit of certain trading activity that occurred during the quarter as well and so we view that as a area of ongoing focus for us.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then - sorry it's been a very long and early days here, just in terms of progression on the purchase accounting accretion, I know you commented on that earlier but how should we think about that kind of invest this year and then looking ahead in terms of how quickly it burns off?
Don Kimble: Sure, what we've talked about is that from fourth quarter to first quarter we saw a decline from $58 million to $53 million. We would expect that same type of decline to occur on a quarterly basis going forward. We are down about $5 million a quarter and we always said for the full year, we expected the accretion to be in the $180 million to $190 million range and just to give you a perspective. We would expect that same type of decline occur prospectively in quarters after that the remainder of 2017 as well.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll go to John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Samuel Ross: This is actually Sam Ross on for John. Thanks for taking the question, just had a couple of quick ones. The first is, I know you guys gave some color on your commercial portfolio based on the outstandings, and I'm just wondering if you can size it to your exposure to the retail industry specifically to the mall factor.
Don Kimble: One, it's a fairly small portfolio for the overall we referred questions about regional malls and also direct exposure to retail businesses. And I would say that our outstanding balances are less than $1 billion on that combined portfolio to fairly small ports overall and we've been very pleased with the performance so far.
Samuel Ross: Great, thanks. And then maybe just as a follow-up, just want to hear your general sense of both line utilization and maybe just borrower appetite, I know that some of your competitors talked about still borrowers being on the sidelines, I just wanted to get your updated thoughts on what you guys are seeing in the market?
Beth Mooney: Sam, this is Beth Mooney. We have seen line utilization remain relatively consistent now for several quarters and I would tell you that borrowers - what I would tell you the sentiment that we're hearing is canteen towards optimism but not yet translating into different behaviors or activities as it relates to their borrowing and banking activities but there is level of emerging confidence that I think if it is not with some level of fiscal stimulus, as well as other legislative and tax reform out of Washington that could translate into increased and heightened activity.
Samuel Ross: Good. Thank you for taking the questions.
Operator: And next go to Scott Siefers with Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Don I was just wondering if you can expand a little on your commentary on the margin, I mean you gave the lock in the presentation which I appreciate but even within that backdrop, the core margin improvement was just a lot more substantial than I might have anticipated. So I wonder if you could spend a second or so on how things came in relative to what you might have anticipated and whether it was simply deposit betas being effectively zero or just capturing so much of the asset side. How did things relative to what you would've thought. And then if you can just sort of expand on your outlook for the core margin more specifically as well.
Don Kimble: I would say that the core margin did come in stronger than what we would have expected back in January. I think it was driven by a number of different items. One, you mentioned the betas, and there were lower than what we had modeled, I would say that the impact of the December rate increase added about six basis points in margin to us just because of the betas were lower than expected. We also had picked up about three basis points in margin related to lower levels of liquidity. We talked about some of the temporary or short-term deposits that left in the first quarter on average basis and we saw a corresponding reduction to our fed cash account and so that added about three basis points. And so that really represents the 9 of the 13 basis point improvement. So that really was the other core activity and growth we saw on the balance sheet. We benefitted a little bit from higher yields on some the portfolio purchases that we made throughout the quarter and so those were helpful as well. Going forward as we look at the margin, I would say that we will continue to see pressure as those purchase accounting accretion benefits amortized down so by declining about 5 million a quarter that caused about two basis points a quarter for us and so going forward we did say that we expect to see betas remain low for us and so we would expect in general that the margin to be relatively stable for the year reflecting the impact of both those items.
Scott Siefers: Okay. That’s perfect. Thank you. And then separately now you've officially put out the quantification of the higher cost savings number, can you just spend second talking about where those - where you see the incremental potential for that additional $50 million.
Don Kimble: Sure, and as far as the additional part of the $50 million and Beth commentary she talked about the progress we made on certain systems conversions and space related occupancy with that cost and many of those are near completion and so we would expect to see those realized throughout the end of this year and first part of next year and so you will see ongoing reductions and computer processing/vendor related expenses associated with the technology and then also lower occupancy costs from reducing some of our non-branch related expense.
Scott Siefers: All right, great. Thank you, guys very much.
Operator: And we'll go to Bob Ramsey with FBR. Please go ahead.
Bob Ramsey: Hi, good morning guys. Maybe just circle of the conversation on the core margin piece and we kind of exclude the purchase accounting. Is it fair to think that given the March fed increase you guys could see something of a similar magnitude in terms of benefit from the higher yield on assets, something maybe 8 to 10 basis points on lift?
Don Kimble: By overstating a little bit as you look at our core margin we talked earlier that about three basis points that came from the benefit of lower liquidity. We don't expect to see that continue to drive that kind of incremental benefit. The other thing is that we talked about some of the lift on the investment portfolio and while we do believe that our new purchases will be at a higher rate than the roll-off of the cash flows from our existing portfolio, we're seeing rates per day about 20 to 30 basis points below where they would've been before for new purchases and so that lift would not be as significant but we do expect to get additional benefit from that March rate increase and we do believe the base will remain low for this next rate increase as well.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. I appreciate your guidance is predicated on only one more rate increase at the end of the year. If that rate increase came sooner or if there was an incremental increase, how much of a benefit do you estimate that could provide to the margin?
Don Kimble: At some point in time we are going to start to see beta start to pickup in and so I don't know when that is but as we talked about before this last rate increase that was about 6 basis points of margin. I think that subsequent rate increase I would expect to be slightly below what we are realizing from the past rate increases and so we will start to see that benefit get smaller in perspective rate moves.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Fair enough. Shifting to I guess certainly clean up a question. Could you give me what the preferred dividend expense was at this quarter and then what you expected to be in the second quarter given the retirement of couple of classes of preferreds.
Don Kimble: Good question. It's $28 million for the first quarter and we would expect the second quarter to be $14 million and so each of those two preferred issuances is at about $7 million quarterly dividend.
Bob Ramsey: Perfect. And do you also have handy the number of share and price for share repurchases quarter and a get a dollar amount in total but a significant break out.
Don Kimble: We’ve talked about $160 million and that was including net and growth shares and the total shares that were bought back I don't see that handy. Vern, do you have that in the table someplace? Okay, repurchase were 8,673,000 shares in the open market.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. That’s perfect. And last question, just sort of thinking about the expense run rate is we head into the second quarter. I know you said you expect the remainder of the initial First Niagara cost savings to commence. I guess that takes us maybe about 15 million lower and seasonality should be I guess another tailwind theoretically in the second quarter. Any sense of kind of putting all together where we should be thinking about expenses next quarter?
Don Kimble: We really haven't provided second quarter guidance but I would say that we do expect to realize that remaining 50 million incremental per quarter. One thing to keep in mind is that we also have targeted $300 million in revenue synergies related to the acquisition we talked about incremental costs associated with that of about $100 million a year. And so you will start to see some investments being made to achieve this kind of revenue synergies as well.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Good morning, everybody. I'm going to start on the expense saves, it's great to see already raising the expected cost phase in the First Niagara. And Beth on prior calls you had indicated that, the cost save commitment to the board or internally was above the 400 million level with cost saves in an estimated 450 million. Is that the level that you committed internally or could there be upside to the 450?
Beth Mooney: That is consistent with what we had committed internally into our board as we undertook the acquisition.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, that's helpful. And Beth I want to follow-up on your comments that business customers are more optimistic but cautious right waiting to see what comes out of Washington. I don’t know if you heard Huntington's call yesterday, but they were very bullish on loan growth really pointing to the Midwest, seeing an economic revival sold by American fee income in Washington. Are you seeing more activity today in your Midwest markets compared to the rest of the footprint?
Beth Mooney: We are seeing relatively well distributed activity. We do not see a pocket set of either underperforming or over performing, it has been a consistent level of activity across our franchise and markets. And will tell you as we look at our first quarter investment banking and debt placement fees. Clearly the debt capital market piece of our business is incredibly strong and so we do see some of our manufacturing base which would be included in the Midwest as else being an auto related - still being very strong. But with our model we see dispersion of activity and obviously with our acquisition we have more bankers on the street than we've ever had in our eastern markets as well.
Steven Alexopoulos: Maybe if I could squeeze one more for Don. Relative to the 53 million of accretion reported, how much of that was scheduled and we think about the guidance you're giving us 180 million to 190 million, has it split out between scheduled accretion and what you think will be accelerated?
Don Kimble: We really haven't broken that out I would say that estimated in our projections a level of prepayment to be consistent with what we’re experiencing so far. So we can see if we can dig out a little more detailed then just what the actual breakout of both stated and expected.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. I mean, well I’m try gin to get a sense Don is, if there's a big cliff affect coming as we move into 2018 and 2019 on the schedule.
Don Kimble: What we would expect to see a continued trend as far as essentially about 20% reduction per year and so we're not forecasting any big drop off in 2018 compared to the 2017 level of decline.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Got you. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: And we’ll go to Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe: Just a question on the investment banking business. Obviously good quarter this quarter, when you think about going into second quarter, have industry conditions changed in terms of the outlook, obviously your fee guidance in total didn’t really change that much but just wondering if things were unique in first quarter and different in second quarter - versus seasonality. Thanks.
Beth Mooney: No Ken, typically our first quarter on investment banking and debt placement fees is always a seasonally like quarter historically it tends to end strong in the fourth quarter. So the fact that this was a record quarter for this business is a good indication of core momentum in that business and as we go into the second quarter again assuming markets are constructive as they have been, our pipelines are definitely strong if we go into the second quarter.
Ken Zerbe: I guess does that imply the - of your 2.3 billion to 2.4 billion of fee guidance that you may end up – that's easier to hit the higher end of that range or there are other offsets?
Don Kimble: Well I would say Ken if you take a look at our first quarter level of non-interest income it's $577 million, so you annualize that and that's the very low end of that to $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion numbers. So we would expect growth in that line item along with other fee categories but I don't want to get too prescriptive as to where we would reside in that range at this point.
Ken Zerbe: Understood. And then just a question on capital, when you think buybacks and when we think about going into the end of '17 and '18. What's the right level of CE Tier 1 that you're comfortable holding? In any way you would like to target at least?
Don Kimble: We talked before about post the acquisition our CET 1 was 9.5% and for banks this still will go through the quantity a portion of the CE Tier process. Don't see a lot of this pass the quantitative portion without leasing 9% to Common Equity Tier 1. And then so I think that kind of gives a range of where you would expect we were very pleased with the 9.5% level and can see that still been in a strong level of capital but we'll provide more color after the '17 CE Tier results are announced.
Ken Zerbe: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Gerard Cassidy, RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Beth. Good morning, Don. Beth, you talked about the loan growth being kind of spread out across your different franchises around the country. Can you share with us what you're seeing from the acquired? And you've done a very good job in describing the cost savings from the First Niagara transaction. Can you give us some detail on what the loan growth has been in that new - I know it's an existing market but from those new customers that you've acquired?
Beth Mooney: Yes Gerard. At this point in time we also did note that the deposit growth has been very strong and the attrition of clients has been less than we would have expected. So we felt like we are off to a very good start and I would tell you pipelines are building across loans, as well as payments opportunities and specifically with the mix of the balance sheet with First Niagara with a relatively large commercial real estate book, we are also seeing a variety of activities that can lead into our commercial mortgage banking which goes into our investment banking and debt placement fees. So as we look across the board on those new million consumer and commercial clients, we do see momentum building and in the first quarter you’re still not even fully six months passed the conversion date, and as you can well imagine going into the beginning of the year we were declaring ourselves back to [BAU] and we see those pipelines in that momentum building.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. And then Don, I think you talked about the revenue synergies from this transaction, can total about $300 million, and the cost to get that will be about $100 million. Again, the expenses are very clear, you shouldn't spent very easily in the press release and stuff. Where would you say are you on these revenue synergies? Are you 25% into them? 10%? What do you stand there?
Don Kimble: I would say we are still at very early stages at this point in time in some of the areas we have talked about our cash management and treasure management activities for our commercial customers and while the pipelines are very strong, we really haven't seen the full benefit kick-in from those yet. Another area we talked about it is residential mortgage and we're starting to build out the commercial - the mortgage loan officers and other support areas for that business that we really haven't seen the revenues kick in for that yet either and we're early stages for that. And so I would say that with a few exceptions, we are just really starting off that process and starting to see some of the early seats as far as the those opportunities.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And then on that number, have you guys done any analysis to say that - to achieve the $300 million, what percentage of it would be coming from your new customers that use some of those services from competitors of yours? So you'll have to steal that business versus new growth because you are into - deeper into markets that are in Upstate New York.
Don Kimble: For the most part these are new product or services and so what we're picking up is a greater market share of that existing customer relationship. Keep in mind as for some of the commercial products and services, first we didn't have those capabilities to sell into their customers and they were hiring people from other banks that we were able to bring over the commercial loan relationships but not necessarily the treasury management capabilities. And so we believe that we can have success in driving that additional account acquisition. On the residential mortgage side, that we really didn't have this is a true product offering throughout the key footprint and each one of those key customers probably have a mortgage loan, but we want to be a top of mind for when they look out to buy next house or when they want to refinance. And so this is really getting to a point where we're successful in getting our share of the market as opposed to creating a new product or offering.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Lana Chan with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Lana Chan: Good morning. Just one to two follow up question done on the incremental 50 million of cost savings just thinking about how that flows through should we think about that being invested for force abilities revenue synergies initiatives?
Don Kimble: We look at them separate and independently and we might drive those cost savings from the bottom line and at the same time we do make investments to get additional revenues. And so they're not dependent on one another there are mutual exclusive but we’re continuing to hold our team accountable in driving that $450 million cost savings target. Our board is fully accountable to drive that and we’re also holding each other accountable to make sure we can drive that $300 million in revenue growth and recognize that there are some incremental cost associated with it.
Lana Chan: Okay. And just one quick follow-up also on the decline in sort of the excess and liquidity this quarter some of that was you said deliberate decline and some of the commercial deposits. How should we think about that going forward in terms of some of the detail growth is obviously going to come back so net-net for the margin going forward?
Don Kimble: I would say that are assumption is these levels remain consistent with where they're at today.
Lana Chan: Okay.
Don Kimble: And you wouldn’t see a lot of the other changes in the deposit balances or the cash position prospectively.
Lana Chan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll go to Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please go ahead.
Marty Mosby: Thanks Don I want to ask you little bit about $3 paying building allowance and the purchase account accretion. When you’re starting to convert these loans over you have to kind of take the accounting and it just the way that they forces will do this is crazy but you’ve to take it from netting against the loan so actually building the allowance. It was a pretty nice $40 million difference between the PAA and the building allowance this particular quarter. So just wanted to kind of get your thoughts on how those two things should be balancing out.
Don Kimble: Good question I would say that the kind have some new answers to it essentially what we do on a quarterly basis is look at our level of reserves it would be required on that purchase portfolio and see how that compares to the discomfort that remains. And so at some point in time we’ll have to start building reserves in connection with that. I would say that as those loans mature and are originated in a new form that were required to book reserves on that. What we've talked about externally is that we think that the average loan life is about four years and so over that four years that allowance will be growing from the 1% to say about 120, 125. And so you will see a build in the reserve prospectively but we don't expected to be lumpy at this point in time.
Bill Hartmann: And then to a degree that there was a net positive I kind of just think of that as accelerating the benefits and as that kind of roles off with that $5 million dollars per quarter you’re going to generate more synergies, more incremental revenues. And actually the offset is it, because this upfront benefit but then you're really generating the core business to replace that and more as you move forward.
Marty Mosby: It’s a good way to look at it.
Don Kimble: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Hi good morning thanks for taking my question. Just I guess follow up on net interest income net interest margins and thinking through the guidance so you up the guidance at 37, 38 given what you did and once you kind of imply the run rate of at the low end $925 million I think at the high end $960 million this quarter obviously we’re 929 on the NIIE even considering the incremental purchase accounting accretion of 5 million per year it seems like there's maybe a bit of conservatism built into that number. I guess question is it fair to say that and is it fair to think that you’ll likely be closer to the higher end of that range?
Don Kimble: I would say that if you take a look at our 929 this quarter and multiple times four you’re still at the low end of that 37 or 38 range as far as our full year guidance. We do say and expect that that purchase accounting accretion will decrease by $5 million a quarter. And so that 180 to 190 level for the entire year is below that first quarter level of $53 million. And so it does create a hurdle for us to grow through. The question will be is what kind of betas will exist going forward for the market rate increase and for the rate increase that we assumed at the end of the year and then beyond that it’s just making sure we continue to grow the asset base and we would expect to have net interest income grow from that. So again the variables on margin tend to be more than the impact of the betas and overall liquidity position of the variable on net interest income tend to process more on what we will see from changes in deposit rates with future rate increases.
Saul Martinez: Okay. No, that’s helpful. And then I guess more specific questions that project if you address this say gone on late but did you have any benefit at all from any tax benefit this quarter at all from restricted stock units or options?
Don Kimble: Yes, tax benefit was there so if look and see tax rate absent the merger related charges I think it was 24.8% we do guide for a range of 25% to 27% for the full year. And so there was back in the current quarter from that.
Saul Martinez: Okay. So we can just take 24.8 to a more normalize rate and that’s kind of the benefit you got from it this quarter?
Don Kimble: That's correct, yes.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Ken Usdin with Jeffries. Please go ahead. And we will move on to Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead
Geoffrey Elliott: Good morning, thank you for taking the question. It seems like on the first Niagara deal it sounds that you’re pretty happy with how things are going you increased the expenses target to the 450 million given that you now quite the way through integration that's one how do you think about future M&A?
Beth Mooney: This is Beth and I would say that our work is not yet done and I think our priorities are clear there is additional work to realize and deliver all the cost savings we’ve always said while not in our initial projections that we shared with the street we announced the transaction that the revenue synergies were significant and a real opportunity for us and so I would tell you that we do not yet believe our shareholders have realized the full value and benefit of this acquisition and our priorities and our focus are very, very clear.
Geoffrey Elliott: And so as opportunities come up now does that mean you have to kind of turn away from them and focus on this or how long does it take until you can start to locate something else?
Beth Mooney: No, as we have said we have everything we need to be successful between our business model our geographies our capabilities and so as we look at the prospects for TNR our commitment on our long-term financial targets and our operating performance we have what we need to be successful and meet the goals and objectives that we have outlined to the street First Niagara has been instrumental as we said in our ability to achieve some of the financial metrics and performance particularly in return on tangible common equity and efficiency ratio so it’s been very beneficial but as a company Key is well positioned in the market to succeed.
Geoffrey Elliott: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Reevey with DA Davidson. Please go ahead.
Kevin Reevey: Good morning. I know of your loan book as a small percentage of your loan portfolio can you talk about the credit trends you've seen in that book and the most recent quarter?
Don Kimble: I am sorry which book did you say.
Kevin Reevey: The auto loan book.
Don Kimble: I am sorry, yes, I would say our loan book has continued to perform well and delinquency levels have maintained very well and keep in mind that our auto loan book is what I refer to a super prime and FICO scores is north of 750 on average and we’re focused on making sure that we extend credit to the borrowers that aren’t reliant on the value of the collateral to get our money back and are more focused on their capability that to repay and that has continued to do well for us.
Kevin Reevey: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Good morning I was just curious you talked about how borrower sentiment was very positive not translating into loan growth. But can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of the loan pipelines?
Beth Mooney: Yes Peter, this is Beth I would tell you that we've always talked over the last couple years about borrowers being cautiously optimistic and I would say they have definitely chanted towards to optimism I do see our pipelines are up year-over-year and they are very strong going into the second quarter you add to that that we have also increased our sales force and our client base with First Niagara. So as we go into the balance of the year, we have not only improving sentiment that likely is going to translate into increased activity but we also have another level for growth in terms of the acquisition of First Niagara, those relationship managers and that client base. So prospectively we feel good about loan growth.
Don Kimble: Peter, this is Don. One other thing to add and Beth had highlighted this earlier as well, that keep in mind too for the first quarter for us but we had our record first quarter as far as investment banking debt placement fees. And the strength is really coming from our commercial real estate and loan syndication areas and we are actually retaining a little bit less on our balance sheet than what we normally would based on the availability of the markets reporting those areas. And so that results in a little bit slower loan growth for us but still represents the strength as far as our ability to generate capital for our customers.
Peter Winter: Just a quick follow-up, just going back to the expense guidance with the additional 50 million expenses. Would you think that it would come in more towards the lower end of the range or is it a function of what happens on the revenue front that maybe makes you come in more towards the middle higher rent just given the additional cost saves now?
Don Kimble: Peter you guys are just trying to pin me down to the actual number you're putting in your models here, but…
Peter Winter: Take the low end or high end of the range.
Don Kimble: What I would offer up for that is if you look at the incremental $50 million. We talked about those synergies really been achieved later in 2017 and early 2018 and so the impact on the full-year 2017 won't be that significant for that incremental $50 million and so while we do believe it's real, we are able to hold ourselves accountable to achieving that but that really doesn't impact the outlook as much you might expect.
Peter Winter: Okay, thanks very much and very good quarter.
Operator: And with no further questions, I'll turn it back to you Ms. Mooney for any closing remarks.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks for today. Thank you very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Don Kimble - Chief Financial Officer Bill Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: John Pancari - Evercore Scott Siefers - Sandler O’Neill Erika Najarian - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Bob Ramsey - FBR Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Matt O’Connor - Deutsche Bank Ken Usdin - Jeffries Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Gerard Cassidy - RBC Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Mike Mayo - CLSA Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Saul Martinez - UBS Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Terry McEvoy - Stephens Peter Winter - Wedbush Securities Lana Chan - BMO
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the KeyCorp’s Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me for today’s presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer. And available for our Q&A portion of the call is Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I am now turning to Slide 3. Key’s strong results for the fourth quarter complete what has been a very successful and transformational year for our company. We reported our third consecutive year of positive operating leverage and our pre-provision net revenue was up 23% from 2015, excluding merger-related charges. In the fourth quarter, we reduced our cash efficiency ratio to 63% and our return on tangible common equity was 12.5%, excluding merger charges. We completed our First Niagara acquisition in August, the largest in our company’s history. And in October, we successfully integrated branches, systems and clients. This included moving data and account information for over 1 million new clients, converting over 300 branches and consolidating over 100 First Niagara and Key branches in the quarter. Overall, the conversion was very well executed and we were open for business on Tuesday morning, following the Columbus Day weekend. Our 3 million total clients had access to our combined set of products and capabilities. Our results this quarter, reflects solid performance across our company with meaningful contributions from both the Community Bank and the Corporate Bank. We continue to grow and expand client relationships, which generated solid loan growth and positive trends in our fee-based businesses. Investment banking and debt placement fees reached a record level for the quarter and the year despite the challenging environment we saw early in 2016. Cards and payments, along with corporate services, also had record years. These have all been areas of targeted investments over the past several years. We also maintained our moderate risk profile and continued to operate below our targeted range for net charge-off. Capital management remains a clear priority for us. We increased our common stock dividend in May by 13%. And subject to Board approval, we expect an additional increase of 12% in the second quarter of this year. We also resumed our share repurchases in the third quarter after completing our acquisition. And although we did not repurchase shares earlier in the year, we still paid out almost 60% of our net income in 2016. The final item on this slide is our First Niagara acquisition, which I have already mentioned in my remarks. The acquisition continues to exceed our expectations as we are already realizing some of our targeted cost savings and begin to see traction on revenue opportunities across our organization. As we have seen early signs of momentum, we see First Niagara clients are choosing Key because of our broader capability. Some examples include, we have closed $100 million in First Niagara related commercial mortgage banking transactions, and our commercial payments pipeline is already over 3x higher than First Niagara’s historic level. We have seen early wins in purchase card, foreign exchange and accounts payable automation. And we are also seeing retail deposit growth across all First Niagara markets. This early progress strengthens our confidence and our ability to reach or exceed our financial targets. And in total, our targets include achieving $400 million in cost savings. And as I have said before, we expect to achieve an even higher level of savings generating $300 million in revenue synergies, reducing our cash efficiency by 300 basis points, and improving our return on tangible common equity by 200 basis points. And as a look back over the past several years, I am very proud of our team and of our accomplishments and pleased with how Key has performed through a period of slower economic growth and lower interest rates. And despite these headwinds, we grew our business, generated positive operating leverage, improved efficiency and invested for the future. Now as I look ahead, I believe that Key was uniquely positioned to take advantage of an improving economy and a more constructive business environment. Our business model and the investments we have made in people and capabilities give us confidence and position us well. We have clear and compelling priorities, which will continue to drive growth in our four businesses and attain the value from our First Niagara acquisition. I have never been more optimistic about our future and confident in our ability to create long-term value for our clients, communities, employees and most importantly, our shareholders. Now, I will turn the call over to Don for a more detailed look at the quarter and to discuss our outlook for 2017. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Beth. I am on Slide 5. Fourth quarter net income from continuing operations was $0.31 per common share after excluding $0.11 of merger-related charges. This compares to $0.27 per share in the year ago period and $0.30 in the third quarter, which excluded $0.14 of merger-related charges. We generated positive operating leverage for the quarter excluding merger-related charges with a return on tangible common equity of 12.5%. As a reminder, the fourth quarter reflects the first quarter – first full quarter impact to First Niagara acquisition. Third quarter results included two months of impact. And as we mentioned in the third quarter call, our results were shown on a combined basis without attribution to either legacy Key or First Niagara. We will cover many of these items on this slide in the rest of my presentation. So now I am turning to Slide 6. Total average loan balances of $85 billion were up $25 billion or 43% compared to the year ago quarter and up $8 billion or 10% from the third quarter. Average loan growth primarily reflects the full quarter impact of the acquisition as well as core business performance. Sequential quarter growth and average balances was impacted by the divestiture of $439 million in September, and the sale in the fourth quarter of approximately $330 million in acquired loans that did not align with our relationship strategy. CF&A loans, which were up 28% from the year ago quarter and 6% from the prior quarter continued to be a primary driver of our growth. On a period end basis, total loans were up 1%. During the fourth quarter, the fair value mark on our acquired loan portfolio was adjusted from $686 million to $548 million. Continuing on to Slide 7, average deposits, excluding deposits in foreign office totaled $105 billion for the fourth quarter 2016, an increase of $33 billion compared to the year ago period and $10 billion compared to the third quarter. Compared to the prior year, fourth quarter average deposit growth was driven by First Niagara as well as continued momentum in our retail banking franchise, which now accounts for nearly half of our total balances. As core deposits from our commercial mortgage servicing business also contributed to the growth from the prior year. On a linked-quarter basis, deposit growth reflects 1 additional month impact from First Niagara as well as retail deposit momentum and the inflows from the commercial clients. Turning to Slide 8, taxable equivalent net interest income was $948 million for the fourth quarter of 2016 and net interest margin was 3.12%. These results compare to taxable equivalent net interest income of $610 million and a net interest margin of 2.87% for the fourth quarter of 2015, and $788 million and a net interest margin of 2.85% in the third quarter of 2016. Included in the fourth quarter figure is $92 million from purchase accounting accretion, $34 million of which is related to the refinement of our third quarter purchase accounting. Excluding purchase accounting accretion and net interest income increased $246 million from the prior year and $87 million from the prior quarter, with increases driven primarily by a full quarter impact of First Niagara acquisition and core business growth. The fourth quarter net interest margin of 3.12% was 27 basis points higher than the prior quarter. The increase was largely due to the purchase accounting accretion which contributed 23 basis points, including 11 basis points related to the refinement of the third quarter results. Lower levels of excess liquidity also benefited our margin compared to the third quarter as funds were redeployed into our investment portfolio. Slide 9 shows a summary of non-interest income, which once again includes a full quarter impact of First Niagara in the fourth quarter results. Non-interest income in the fourth quarter was $618 million, up $133 million from the prior year and up $69 million from the prior quarter. The fourth quarter benefited from $9 million associated with merger related adjustments compared to merger related charges of $12 million in the prior quarter which were primarily in other income. Excluding the impact of merger related charges, non-interest income was up $124 million from the prior year and up $48 million from the prior quarter. Growth was driven by continued momentum in a number of our core fee-based businesses, reflecting investments we have made over the past few years as well as the acquisition. As Beth mentioned, investment banking and debt placement fees had a record quarter. We saw strength across our platform, including mortgage banking, M&A and loan syndications. Turning to Slide 10, reported non-interest expense up for the fourth quarter was $1.2 billion, which includes $207 million of merger related charges. A detailed breakout of our merger related charges is included in the appendix of our materials. The quarter also includes a pension settlement charge of $18 million and an increase in intangible amortization, including $5 million related to the refinement of the third quarter purchase accounting. Compared to the fourth quarter of last year and after adjusting for the merger related charges, non-interest expense was up $283 million, both primary reflects the acquisition of First Niagara as well as higher incentive and stock-based compensation. Additionally, the pension settlement charge was $14 million higher compared to last year, and the intangible amortization increased by $18 million. Linked quarter expenses also adjusted for the merger related charges were up $120 million. If you can see on the lower right hand side of this slide, an additional month of the impact of First Niagara was the largest part of the increase, along with an $18 million pension settlement charge. Incentive and stock-based compensation also increased, primarily related to stock-based compensation plans, reflecting the impact of our higher share price. And intangible asset amortization increased $14 million. Turning to Slide 11, net charge-offs were $72 million or 34 basis points of average total loans in the fourth quarter, which continues to be below our targeted range. During the quarter, net charge-offs increased $8 million to regulatory guidance on consumer loan bankruptcies and confirming First Niagara indirect auto charge-off policies to Key. Additionally, we had a few commercial charge-offs that impacted the overall trends. Fourth quarter provision for credit losses was $66 million, an increase of $21 million over the year ago period and $7 million from the linked quarter. Non-performing loans decreased $98 million from the prior quarter. At December 31, 2016, our total reserves for loan losses represented 1% of period end loans and 137% coverage of our non-performing loans. Keep in mind the acquisition of First Niagara portfolios are recorded at fair value. And turning on to Slide 12, our common equity Tier 1 ratio at the end of the fourth quarter was 9.59%. Also in accordance with our 2016 Capital Plan, we repurchased $68 million of common shares during the fourth quarter. Slide 13 provides you with our outlook and expectations for 2017. This includes the impact of First Niagara and it’s based on the reported results. The merger related charges however, are excluded. Importantly, we remain committed to generating positive operating leverage. We expect average loans and deposit growth to increase in the mid single-digit percentage range for the full year with 2016 adjusted to account for the full year of First Niagara. Net interest income is expected to be in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.7 billion with our outlook assuming one additional rate increase in the middle of the year. Benefit from purchase accounting accretion is also included in our outlook. We expect the quarterly impact from purchase accounting accretion to trend down over time from the fourth quarter level, adjusted for the third quarter refinement. We anticipate that non-interest income will be in the range of $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion, as we continue to drive growth from our core businesses and the acquisition. Non-interest expense is expected to be in the range of $3.65 billion to $3.75 million and once again, does not reflect merger related charges. As Beth said, we remain committed to meeting or exceeding the financial targets we have laid out for the acquisition. We continued to expect to achieve our $400 million cost rate – cost savings run rate target by mid-2017, which would then be reflected in our full year 2018 run rate. In 2017, net charge-offs should continue to be below our targeted range of 40 basis points to 60 basis points and provision should be slightly – should slightly exceed our level of net charge-offs to provide for loan growth. Coming off our momentum in 2016, our 2017 outlook would be another year for strong performance. Keep in mind that our first quarter results will reflect a lower day count and we expect to see normal seasonality in areas such as loan fees and colleague. Other fee categories such as investment banking and debt placement fees are also show some variability over the year. We have included our long-term financial targets on the bottom of the slide, including continuing to generate positive operating leverage, reducing our cash efficiency ratio to less than 60% and this would be over 500 basis points of improvement from the time that we announced the acquisition, maintaining our moderate risk profile and producing a return on tangible common equity of 13% to 15%, which would be an improvement of 400 basis points. These results reflect our expectation for continued momentum in our core business and the meaningful lift we expect from our First Niagara acquisition. We expect to achieve these targets in 2018. I will close with a comment consistent with Beth’s remarks that really was a good year for Key and we feel we are very well positioned as we head into what is shaping up to be a more positive operating environment. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for instructions in the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And first on the line we have John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
John Pancari: I want to start with the margin, I just wanted to see if we can get your thoughts around where the margin could trend going into the first quarter and then maybe through ‘17, if you can give us what you assume right now in terms of the Fed hikes you might have already mentioned that earlier, sorry if I missed it. And then also when it comes to deposit beta as well, what you have seen so far in terms of the December 2016 hike and how that may trend through the year? Thanks.
Don Kimble: As far as margin, we reported 3.12% for the fourth quarter. If you back out the impact of the third quarter refinement, that would be right at 3%. What we said in our guidance is that the purchase accounting accretion would trend down on a quarterly basis going forward. We would expect the outlook for 2017 to be about 20% below what that fourth quarter level is adjusted for the third quarter refinement. And with that, we will be showing a margin for next year in the mid-2.95 range or 2.90 range, so would be in that middle range, reflecting again, the lower accretion coming from purchase accounting. As far as the rate increases, we have assumed one additional rate increase in the middle of 2017 and that’s the only additional rate increase we are seen or projected in our forecasts. And then the last question you had was deposit betas, our assumption longer term is that it would be about a 55% beta. As far as the December rate increase, we haven’t seen a lot of movement on the consumer side, but we have started to see some movement on commercial deposits and so we are well less than half of that, the beta that we had assumed the 55%.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks. And then separately, I just wanted to get some thoughts on the corporate tax reform impact, we have had some management teams commenting on it, I just wanted to get an idea if you do see – if we do see some corporate tax cuts getting passed through here, how much of it do you expect ultimately can get, kind of creep to the bottom line and do you expect any of that benefit to ultimately get computed away in the industry and at KeyCorp? Thanks.
Don Kimble: Well, as far as the tax reform, we do believe that would be positive for the industry and the economy overall as far as our outlook. We would say that Key is positioned so that we would not be disadvantaged or advantaged compared to peers. I think that we need to wait and see how the impact comes through before we start to assess how much of that gets retained versus shared. But right now, we do believe it’s going to be positive for the industry.
John Pancari: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Siefers with Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning guys.
Don Kimble: Good morning Scott.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Scott Siefers: Don, could you spend just a second talking about what do you think the main drivers of fee income growth will be in ‘17? And I guess specifically, what I am hoping you can speak to is some of the dynamics around the investment banking and debt placement line item, I mean, it’s just been really, really strong. I am just trying to figure out if we are sort of at a new structural level that’s higher than we might have thought or how you are thinking about that line as well?
Don Kimble: Well, Scott, I tried to convince our capital markets team that it was a new level and it should be the baseline going forward, but I would say that we really need to look at this on a trailing 12-month basis. But if you look at the full year, we are $482 million in the investment banking debt placement fees. We do expect to see growth from that level in 2017. We have continued to be investing in our people and also investing in products and capabilities. And so we think that should translate to growth in that category on a year-over-year basis. And so we are optimistic about that. We are also continuing to be optimistic about our cards and payments revenues, both for the core business, but also because of the impact of First Niagara that we do believe that there will be synergies there on the revenue side that we will start to see, realize in 2017. And then beyond that, we think that due to the other core fee categories will continue to show progress up. So we think on a core basis, we are going to continue to drive increases in fee income.
Scott Siefers: Okay, that’s perfect. Thank you very much. And then I have just one separate sort of tick-tack question. The preferred dividends, I think where it came in a little higher than I might have thought. Is that just sort of a timing difference between the recent issue and I think retiring the one that’s the recent one was meant to replace?
Don Kimble: You are right that the third quarter didn’t have the full impact from the First Niagara preferred stock dividend. And so we did have a full quarter this quarter, but we have already called the preferred from First Niagara, so that should be off the books here in the first quarter.
Scott Siefers: Okay. So, we just sort of dropped that down towards that more typical – for something more like a $13 million, $15 million per quarter range?
Don Kimble: I want to make sure we are including three issues of preferred, one, the original Key, one that we had in the third quarter and then one in the fourth quarter and to incorporate those. So, it would be that adjusted run-rate.
Scott Siefers: Okay, great. Alright, thanks very much.
Operator: Next, we will go to Erika Najarian with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Yes, good morning. My first question, Beth and Don, is on the capital return outlook. Now that you have First Niagara integrated, I am wondering how you are thinking about capital return plans for the 2017 CCAR? And Beth, if the SIFI threshold does get raised to $250 billion, how does that change, if at all, how you think about capital return and also, how you think about the trajectory of your regulatory-related costs from here?
Don Kimble: Good. Erika, this is Don. I will go ahead and take the first crack at that. We are still finalizing what our 2017 expectation would be for capital actions. I would say that this year we have been constrained, because of the impact of the one-time merger-related charges, which impacts our overall capital level. We feel very good about where our capital level is. We do not expect to be seeing increases or significant reductions in that in the near-term. And so the capital returns will be more reflective of what kind of outlook for growth we are seeing and what kind of capital will be required to maintain these levels of capital. Beth, you want to talk about the outlook?
Beth Mooney: Yes, Erika. As it relates to if the SIFI designation did move to $250 billion, I think the one thing that we have talked about and would consider would be the mix of our return of capital, which would be – higher level than 30% for the dividend payout, be appropriate, a both for Key, and we believe for our regional banking company such as Key. So I think we would lean into more capital returns in the form of dividend. And then secondarily, I would tell you that as it relates to regulatory costs, I would say that at least I would say a trajectory where the level of increases that we have all seen over recent years and our investments in regulatory costs, capital compliance could be slowing. But I think our trajectory at this point against what is yet not clear about any changes would suggest that what level of declines we would expect would be premature, but I do think it could be beneficial as we have all felt pressured or have had those costs rising in recent years. And in any event, we have reached what I think was a relative state of maturity for our staffing and our capabilities in regulatory personnel.
Erika Najarian: Thank you for that. And just as a follow-up question, Don, just to clarify the guidance on average loan growth, the base upon which we are looking at mid single-digit loan growth, we are adjusting as if First Niagara was in KeyCorp for full year 2016? I just want to make sure I am understanding the base correctly?
Don Kimble: That’s correct. Now keep in mind, too, that the First Niagara would be net of the impact of the branch divestitures which was over the $400 million number and also some of the strategic exits we had on the $330 million. And so that would be the adjusted baseline from which we would start.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Ramsey with FBR. Please go ahead.
Bob Ramsey: Hey, good morning. I am wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the rate sensitivity around further increases. I know you have provided guidance based on one rate increase, but how would that shifts if there is a second or if there were to be none?
Don Kimble: Yes. In our guidance, we basically talked about – for the impact to deposit betas on future rate increases, it’s about a 2 percentage point change in overall net interest income sensitivity. And so future rate increases, you can apply that same type of assumption set to it. I would say that the further we get into it though the more likely we are going to see the beta start to materialize and start to show deposit prices move in line with the impact of rate increases.
Bob Ramsey: Okay, fair enough. And then maybe can you talk a little bit about – is there any benefit to the expenses from the pension settlement charge you all took this quarter?
Don Kimble: A slight run-rate benefit, but I would say that the bigger news here is that with the acquisition of First Niagara, we will be merging those two plans in 2017 and the combination of the two plans would suggest that we probably won’t have those pension settlement charges going forward and so that will be a big benefit for us. But the other thing that helps us there is that the threshold that you look at as far as whether or not to recognize a pension settlement charge is how does the lump-sum distributions compared to the overall interest impact. And since interest rates are moving up, the hurdle has gotten higher as well. And so we think this should not be impacting our earnings, hopefully, for the next several years.
Bob Ramsey: Great. And then I guess final question, you highlighted some of the incentive and stock-based comp expense increase this quarter. How much of that was tied to the capital markets business versus other parts of your business?
Don Kimble: Well, the majority of it really wasn’t our stock-based compensation expense and that was almost $15 million of the increase. And a good portion of that really related to the fact that our stock price went up by $6 a share from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. So, I would love to see our stock price go up another $6 a share, but I don’t think we would see that continue with that kind of pace.
Bob Ramsey: Think optimistically. That’s all I have. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe: Great, thank you. I guess first question, just in terms of taxes, your tax rate is pretty low already sort of in that mid-20% range. If we do get, let’s call it, the House bill, right, tax rate goes down to 20%, how do you guys think that would impact you relative to peers?
Don Kimble: Again, I don’t think that we would be either advantaged or disadvantaged compared to peers. But if you look at what drives our tax rate lower, I would say that it’s some of the normal things. Others would be experiencing, one is corporate-owned life insurance. We don’t know how that will be treated in the House bill and how that would play through. The other is some of the tax credits we would have from some of the leasing and other loan activities we have. And with those loans and leases, the way that it shows up through our P&L is we have very little PPNR coming through for those loans and leases. And we have a benefit coming through the tax line. And so as long as we will continue to have loan growth at the projected levels, we would think that we would have a greater net interest income and pre-tax pre-provision earnings coming from that loan growth as opposed to today, it shows up in the bottom line below in the tax rate. So again, I don’t think that we would be either advantaged or disadvantaged, but we will have to wait and see when the final terms come out.
Ken Zerbe: Okay. And then just really quick on the expenses, obviously this $3.65 billion – $3.75 billion versus this quarter, $1 billion plus, how should we think about sort of the right number going in the first quarter, because I assume there are some FICO expenses, etcetera in the first quarter, but as you get the expense savings over the first half, I mean should we see sort of a steady downward trend in absolute dollar expenses have been steady or how it would be great? Thanks.
Don Kimble: As far as our expenses for the current quarter included a number of things, including the higher revenues for the capital markets and included the pension, settlement charge and included the correction on the intangible amortization from the third quarter. And a number of things that would have created some noise in the numbers. If you adjust for those, you will see expenses come down meaningfully in the first quarter from the fourth quarter level. And as we said, that we would expect to achieve our $400 million in cost saves by mid-2017. And we are going to see a chunk of that come through in the first quarter. And we really shutdown a good portion of the systems and back office operations already related to the First Niagara acquisition and so we should start to see some meaningful progress against that target in Q1.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. So if a lot comes through in the first quarter then the dollar expenses over the course of the year, it sounds like it might be pretty stable-ish, is that fair?
Don Kimble: I would say we will see some continued trend down in the second quarter. And then we would start to see less of the incremental benefits and the cost saves in the second half of the year.
Ken Zerbe: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Matt O’Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O’Connor: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Matt O’Connor: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about the outlook for the charge-offs, you indicated last in the kind of long-term average of 40 basis points to 60 basis points for 2017, obviously there was kind of some noise this quarter and more recently, you have been in kind of the low to mid-20s, so maybe tighten up or expand on kind of the low-40 basis points to 60 basis points and we then call it the seasoning aspect as the First Niagara loans stay in the balance sheet?
Don Kimble: I would start off by saying that our current credit outlook is fairly stable and we are not seeing a lot of change from the current levels and so that would imply charge-offs continuing around the same zone as what we have experienced over the last year. As we saw in the current quarter, we had a couple of commercial charge-offs that will be more one-off type of situations. We might see it has some – a little bit of variability from time-to-time, but generally, fairly consistent with the current picture. Bill, would you add anything to that?
Bill Hartmann: The only thing Matt that I would add to that is we have spent a significant amount of time confirming what the portfolio looks like. So as Don says, what we think the portfolio losses will look like going forward will be along that more normal path.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Don Kimble: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Ken Usdin with Jeffries. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks a lot. Hey, Don, I wonder if we could just kind of go back on the NII outlook a little bit more, first of all, can you just clarify the outlook 3.6 to 3.7 NII, that’s on a GAAP basis, excluding FTE adjustment?
Don Kimble: That is correct, yes.
Ken Usdin: And the FTE adjustment of $10 million for this quarter, is that a good run rate?
Don Kimble: That is a good run rate, yes.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And so if I exclude the 11 basis points of the true-up on accretion, then the GAAP NIM 3.01 and the core NIM is 2.89 in the fourth quarter, then you threw out two numbers before, I just want to ask you again to go back over how do you expect the path of both the GAAP NIM and the core NIM to trend and were you talking about a full year NIM outlook or where do you expect to end the fourth quarter and can you just reiterate that number you were talking about as far as the NIM for the year?
Don Kimble: Sure, as far as the NIM for the year, rather the assumption is baked into that as it the purchase accounting accretion that we have in the fourth quarter, which is the $92 million, the total accretion minus the $34 million related to the prior quarter refinement, would be about $58 million a quarter. We would say that, that would trend down so that the full year 2017, would be about 20% less than that current run rate. And with that assumption, that the full year net interest margin would be in the mid-2.90s. And so that 3% adjusted fourth quarter number would be in the mid-2.90s for the full year.
Ken Usdin: Okay. So 58 times 4, 232, take 20% off of that and that’s the full year accretion that you would expect?
Don Kimble: That’s correct.
Ken Usdin: Trending down throughout the year?
Don Kimble: That’s correct.
Ken Usdin: And then just last question on this spend so and does that continue to trend down as you go into ‘18 and would you expect then the NIM to continue to drip on an X rates basis just because of that dynamic or are there other things that could support it further again, with an X rates perspective or however you can help us understand it?
Don Kimble: We would expect to see that and purchase accounting accretion continue to trend down over the next several years, I assume an average life of around 4 years for that. And then the other thing is that NIM will continue to have some pressure because of that purchase accounting reduction, but we are going to start just getting closer to the overall impact adjusted or not adjusted for rates, so that 2.89 number that you had talked about before. The other thing that can impact that is as we look at rate increases, we should see some benefit for NIM from that as well. And so that’s not any meaningful increase in 2017 since we are only assuming one mid-year rate increase.
Ken Usdin: Right, okay. And then just one final one, sorry for the rapid chat there, but just on – when do you think we would get a true-up on your internal target that you keep suggesting is, on the expense side, is going to be distinctly above the $400 million and we assume also is that extra in the guidance or that will be better than the guidance?
Don Kimble: The guidance reflects achieving $400 million in the middle of 2017 and as we achieve that and starts reporting numbers higher than that, we will keep informed. But we would not be adjusting that target until after we have achieved it.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Thanks a lot. I am sorry for those extra questions.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will go to Matt Burnell from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead 
Matt Burnell: Thanks for taking my question. Don, may be a couple of questions for you. The short-term investment balance you mentioned was a – the decline in the short-term investment balance appeared to help the NIM this quarter, just curious if going forward that’s going to continue to go down and provide some support to margin or is that going to remain stable with the fourth quarter level and the – and also in terms of the available for sale securities, those were average about $20 billion this quarter, what’s the trajectory of that balance over the course of ‘17?
Don Kimble: As far as the short-term earning assets, reducing it from the prior quarter for two things; One is that we did see some of those temporary commercial deposits actually leave, and so that really occurred during the fourth quarter and so that had an impact on utilizing some of that excess liquidity. The second thing is we actually increased our investment portfolio and put some of those short-term dollars to work in the bond market and so that’s why did we saw an increase in the bond portfolio. Our guidance going forward is that loan growth is approximate deposit growth and so we wouldn’t see a huge change in that investment portfolio overall. But what we should see is that our expected cash flow is coming off the investment portfolio, about $6 billion for next year. And so the current purchase rates are much higher than what the existing portfolio yield is and so that should have some added benefit to it.
Matt Burnell: Okay. Thank you. That’s helpful. And then just in terms of your overall outlook, there has been a number of questions on that. But we heard earlier, from a competing bank about, what sounds like a pretty optimistic view of GDP growth from the current level to higher level over 2017, just curious as to what GDP growth environment is embedded in your assumptions, is it basically steady-state or does it incorporate any improvement in the overall GDP growth?
Don Kimble: Our outlook is more steady state and we are seeing some early signs as far as increased activity, calling efforts and things like that. And hopefully, we will see some additional tailwind come through from that economy, but that’s not baked in the current guidance.
Beth Mooney: And Matt, this is Beth. And so as we think about it, there could be areas that would be opportunities for increases or upside to our current outlook if any of this anticipated growth is realized. And we continue to believe between the investment bankers and capabilities and our business model, Key would be well positioned if there were opportunities in that regard.
Matt Burnell: It makes sense. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next we will go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning Beth, good morning Don.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Don you talked a lot about the expense savings coming from the First Niagara deal, can you share with us some color on the revenue synergies, one line items, I guess cards and payments, I think you alluded to that line item seeing some benefit from the First Niagara deal, but what are the line items should we keep an eye on to see these revenue benefits when they show up later this year and into ‘18?
Don Kimble: I think you hit on one of the primary ones, which is the cards and payments and that reflects some of the impact of our treasuries, management services that we would expect to see as far as additional synergies there. The other is that mortgage for us has been very well and I know the mortgage rates going up is negative on the overall industry, but we have such a small share as far as our customer base on the mortgage product. And as we are launching that, we should start to see some real traction there as well. Beyond that, the capital markets, we talked earlier and Beth mentioned that we already had some successes in the first 60 days as far as closing, financing for some of the commercial real estate customers of First Niagara. And so we are starting to see some pickup on that side. And the last piece would just be an ongoing balance sheet growth, whether its deposits from the commercial treasury management services or even certain loan categories, where we could see growth pickup a little bit will be added to the picture as well.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And I guess, I don’t know Beth if you want to answer this, but now that you are obviously going into 6, 7 months of ownership here of the First Niagara deal and the integration, what were some of these positive surprises and maybe some of the challenges that you have experienced so far with this transaction?
Beth Mooney: Two positives, I would tell you, I am incredibly pleased that the retention we have seen of the talent at First Niagara, of the client base at First Niagara. We were very sensitive to our treatment of customers through the integration and making sure that we have identified who were the high-value customers and making sure that we gave out everybody a good treatment, but the extra treatment that was necessary. Because at the end of the day, those clients that we have acquired and their relationship managers are critical to the success of how we see the opportunity for growth out of First Niagara. And we see building a pipeline and the retention of clients and employees is a very positive sign. Also very proud of the way our teams planned and executed this integration. I would tell you that we at some level said it was going to be one for the record books and as we look at where we stand today and end the year, we go into 2017 in a business as usual mode and for the time horizon as well as the proximity to the conversion date of Columbus Day weekend, I think that’s a very, very strong statement to be able to say. And then I think on the flipside, it’s always a journey to make sure that you really bring these two companies together and build the culture and have a new Key, because I think that will be fundamental to our ability to deliver. I am extremely pleased with the cost savings and our trajectory and progress there. And as an all things, we squared our shoulders the weekend, the Friday before Columbus Day and said little things – things will go wrong that you don’t expect and how you can be nimble and recover is critical to that and it’s always something as they say.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hi, good morning everybody.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to start maybe Don, what percentage of the cost saves were included in the 4Q ‘16 run-rate?
Don Kimble: We had said third quarter we had achieved about $100 million of run-rate cost saves. I would say that the – we had some modest improvements in that in the fourth quarter, but still in that $100 million plus range. And so again, we would expect to see the majority of those really start to pickup in the first half of next year and be at a run-rate by mid next year with $400 million.
Steven Alexopoulos: So close, still pretty close to the $100 million.
Don Kimble: Yes, that’s correct.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And I want to follow-up on Scott’s earlier question, what is the expectation for IB in debt placement fees that you are including in the 2017 guidance?
Don Kimble: We are assuming growth from the $482 million for the full year this year and we haven’t specifically said what level, but it would be growth from that point.
Steven Alexopoulos: And then maybe, thanks, just one final one, I know the average balances were pretty messy in the quarter given the deal. If I look at C&I loan growth and I use the period end data, is the growth seem to trail off a bit, I don’t know if you read that much into a quarter. But maybe can you give some color on maybe what you saw in the quarter and expectations for C&I loan growth in 2017? Thanks.
Don Kimble: I would say one of the factors that impacted the period end balances on a quarter-over-quarter basis is the exit of the $330 million of non-relationship commercial credits that were within the First Niagara portfolio. And so adjusted for that we do believe that the growth is real, our pipelines remain strong for commercial growth and still believe it will be a driver of balance sheet growth for us next year – for this year, excuse me.
Steven Alexopoulos: Great. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go to Mike Mayo with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi, good morning.
Don Kimble: Hi, Mike.
Mike Mayo: So Slide 15, you have taken $474 million in merger charges, how much more merger charges are there to go?
Don Kimble: When we announced the transaction, we talked about a target of $550 million in the aggregate and that was based in the $400 million cost save number. As we achieve numbers that would be in excess of the $400 million, that could go up slightly from that $550 million target but we are substantially through most of the cost saves and that one-time charge, excuse me.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And so is there a reserve like a merger charge reserve that you draw against? And if so, how much of that reserve is less or is this all, you use it as you charge it?
Don Kimble: We hit the one-time merger charges as we realized those expenses. And so this quarter for example, we had about a $29 million hit related to the branch consolidations. We had about $40 million worth of cancellation costs for contracts. And so those are more incurred as they are realized as opposed to set aside against the reserving.
Mike Mayo: And then last just a point of clarification, so your NII guidance for 2017 is 4% less than fourth quarter annualized NII, but I think if I heard you correctly, take out the $34 million, look back purchase accounting accretion attributed to the third quarter and then your guidance would be for flat NII with the fourth quarter. Am I looking at that correctly?
Don Kimble: Generally in line with that and I would say that the organic growth that we would be seeing in NII would be offset by the reduction in the purchase accounting accretion during the year.
Mike Mayo: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we will go to Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Kevin Barker: Previously, you discussed that First Niagara had some limited amount of density in some of the markets that you acquired when the deal was announced. And given that it seems like you have made quite a bit of progress on your goals around the acquisition. At what point you start looking at acquisitions once again and what are some of your goalposts before you actually start going back?
Don Kimble: Good question. I would say that of the new markets we are picking up, whether it’s Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, we are seeing market positions there that are usually in the top 5, but at a lower density in some of those markets been than there we would target. I would say that just like we have talked about before, our focus is really growing the franchise organically. We think that with our products and capabilities we can move market share. We are excited about the possibility of doing that and really not looking for acquisition strategies to fill in the gap.
Kevin Barker: Is there any point in time where you would feel that First Niagara is fully integrated and then you can start to look at that given you do have some excess capital post acquisition?
Don Kimble: Yes. Again, when First Niagara came along, we really felt that this was a unique opportunity for Key. And so we hadn’t been actively out there looking for acquisitions. We want to make sure that our first priority continues to be realizing the financial benefits that we have outlined, making sure that our existing shareholders benefit from our ability to achieve those and then drive the organic growth going forward. Beth, anything you would add to that?
Beth Mooney: Yes, Don. I would say, Kevin, I think it’s very clear that our first and clear and compelling priorities are to complete First Niagara, realize the value that we have committed to the street and for our shareholders. And as we went into this transaction a year ago, we have said for a very long time that we had – we lacked for nothing that we needed to be successful. And we continue to believe that we have a very strong business model that could generate organic growth and returns in long-term performance for our shareholders. So I think we are very clear about what we need to accomplish and on our priorities around long-term performance, capital and growth for our shareholders is our first priority.
Operator: Our next question is from Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I want to follow-up on corporate tax reform and you obviously get quite a bit of benefit from tax credits, tax advantage, investment – you have addressed this in some of your other questions, but as the tax reform progresses, if it goes through Congress, what are some of the key issues, some of the key debates we should be looking at that could ultimately determine what the ultimate impact is and how much of it filters into your effective tax rate, whether it’s BOLI/COLI, whether it’s low income housing, if you just kind of delineate what some of the major issues themes would be. And then secondly a clarification, I just want to make sure I got the number right, but you indicated that this quarter $100 million of the cost saves were embedded in the cost line similar to what you had last quarter, I just want to make sure that I heard that correctly?
Don Kimble: Let me answer your last question first, yes. But we did see some modest improvement in the cost savings realized, but still in that $100 million-plus type of range. And so I think that still is a good starting point for realization for this quarter. As far as tax reform, I think that this is again an industry wide issue. And I think things that would impact banks and other financial institutions would include the treatment of life insurance, would include tax credits associated with low income housing, energy related credits for lending activities. And then it will also include any type of treatment as far as bank specific items, including deductibility of interest expense. And so, I would be looking for those types of issues as the bills go through and see how that might impact the industry overall. And again, I truly believe that we will be in a position that will benefit along with the industry and really not being an outside position, either positively or negatively as a result of any reforms based on what we know at this point in time.
Saul Martinez: Okay, got it, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I wondered if you could talk a bit about the opportunities that the First Niagara acquisition is giving you to expand into new businesses and particularly on indirect also you didn’t have that, you have added a portfolio through that acquisition, which is relatively small in the context of Key overall, but was bigger for them, how do you think about growing that going forward, how does it fit into the strategy?
Beth Mooney: Yes. Geoffrey, this is Beth Mooney. And I would tell you that part of what we saw is a value of bringing our two companies together was there were some complementary products and capabilities that were going to newer to the benefit of Key. There were three principal businesses that they brought to Key that I believe, we will be able to benefit and first, as you indicated is indirect auto. They had about a $3 billion indirect auto portfolio. Key was not in that business line, but we have been a lender to dealerships through floor planning. So the ability to extend indirect auto to what is our book of business of dealers will be beneficial and an area for us to be able to extend that, both to cut the existing customers to deepen relationships and provide some growth for the bank. Second, it was an accelerator to our ability to re-enter the first mortgage business. As we announced in the second quarter of 2015, it was our intention to rebuild and to start back up the residential mortgage business. First Niagara, from originations through servicing had a full fledged mortgage capability that was an accelerator to us. So again, the levels of, Don alluded to it, while mortgage may be down due to rate, it is upside for a combined Key-First Niagara from where we would have been prior to that because those capabilities in that mortgage origination to servicing platform is fully up and running as of the fourth quarter. There was also a small insurance business that came with this and then as we look at our ability to extend specifically our cards payments, corporate treasury and capital markets capabilities into the First Niagara client base, we see many corresponding revenue opportunities as we extend ourselves into that First Niagara client base. From a revenue point of view, that is part of our confidence around that $300 million in synergies, but there really is a complementary opportunity for growth there.
Geoffrey Elliott: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Terry McEvoy with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Terry McEvoy: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Before FNFG, Key had an active strategy around the branch network as a way to really manage expenses, how are you thinking about the branch network, now that FNFG is behind you and are there opportunities that we will hear about later this year in terms of reducing the branch count and having some of the associated financial benefits?
Don Kimble: Terry, that’s a good point. We talked before First Niagara of having a strategy of reducing our branch count by 2% to 3% a year. I would say that we still believe that there is opportunity to continue to right size our retail distribution and that might be a little bit slower in the next year because of the consolidations we did last year, but still in that 2% to 3% range overall.
Terry McEvoy: Thanks Don.
Operator: And next we will go to Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Peter Winter: Key has a fairly sizable swamp portfolio, I am just wondering if there is any thoughts to let some of the swaps roll off to make the balance sheet more asset sensitive with thought that rates are going to start rising?
Don Kimble: Good. We look at that at an ongoing basis. And you are right that we do have a decent sized swap portfolio that, it’s used to target our overall asset sensitivity position. We have about $4 billion worth of swaps to mature throughout 2017 and that gives us the opportunity to either replace those or let those expire. The other thing to keep in mind though, as we look at the maturity date of those swaps, if we would put a new swap on the books, it would really be reflecting the forward curve at that point in time. And so as rates are expected to increase, we will be receiving that benefit in the form of a swap throughout the term of that swap’s life. And so that’s one of the things we have to evaluate as we better off letting those swaps expire, or are we better off continuing to maintain the current position, but realize the benefit of those future increases and the new swaps we will be booking in the balance sheet.
Peter Winter: And how much is going to expire in ‘18?
Don Kimble: I don’t have that number off the top of my head. But it’s probably in a similar range, because we have an average life of a little over 2 years.
Peter Winter: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our final question is from Lana Chan with BMO. Please go ahead.
Lana Chan: Hi. Thanks. My question has been answered. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And Ms. Mooney, I will turn it back to you for any closing comments.
Beth Mooney: Again, thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks for today. Thank you again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp William L. Hartmann - KeyCorp
Analysts: John Pancari - Evercore ISI Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC David Eads - UBS Securities LLC Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co. R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research LLP Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC Terry J. McEvoy - Stephens, Inc. Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Peter J. Winter - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me for today's presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer, and available for our Q&A portion of the call, is Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question and answer segment of our call. I'm now turning to slide 3. Third quarter was pivotal for our company in terms of both financial results and executing our strategy. We successfully closed our acquisition of First Niagara adding over $35 billion in assets, 300 new branches, and 1 million new customers to Key. And while a lot of time and resources have been devoted to making sure our acquisition and conversion went smoothly, we've also stayed focused on maintaining the momentum in our core businesses. Importantly, both our Community Bank and Corporate Bank delivered strong results this quarter and Don will cover our outlook in his remarks. But let me just say, we remain confident in meeting our commitments, including the achieving the financial targets for our acquisition. I am now moving to slide 4. Before I provide highlights of our quarter, I do want to share that throughout our presentation we've provided important details and transparency for Key's standalone operations and the impact of our acquisition. As we move forward, we will be reporting consolidated results with Key and First Niagara combined, but this quarter, we thought it would be useful to provide additional detail. Slide 4 provides some highlights for standalone Key and the strong performance we saw this quarter. Our Community Bank and Corporate Bank are performing well and we're realizing benefits from the investments we have made in recent years. As shown in our recent earnings release, we reported EPS of $0.16, and it is $0.30 excluding the impact of merger-related charges. First Niagara operations were relatively neutral to our EPS this quarter. Compared to the year-ago period, standalone Key delivered positive operating leverage and we are well positioned as we move forward as a combined company having generated positive operating leverage for 9 of the past 11 quarters on a standalone basis. Revenue grew 6% from the prior year, as we benefited from another quarter of solid loan and deposit growth and an 8% increase in non-interest income. Standouts for the quarter include a record level of investment banking and debt placement fees along with double-digit growth in cards and payments income. Expenses continue to be well managed and reflected higher performance-based compensation this quarter along with an increased FDIC assessment. Not on the slide, but worth noting, we had another solid quarter in terms of credit quality with our net charge-off ratio remaining below our targeted range. And although this slide focuses on Key's standalone results, the performance of First Niagara since our acquisition announcement has exceeded our initial projections and we remain very excited about the opportunity to grow this new part of our company. Moving now to slide 5. As I said, this has been a pivotal time for our company and I'm extremely proud of the dedication and hard work of our teams from both Key and First Niagara. During the last three months we completed our regulatory approval process and closed our acquisition. We also completed the divestiture of 18 branches on September 9 and we executed our client outreach plan which were comprehensive in scale and scope. We mailed out 4 million pieces of mail to our new customers and our bankers have personally touched tens of thousands of clients in every business to welcome them to the new KeyBank. I am now on slide 6. Over Columbus Day weekend, we completed the branch and client conversion, which included moving data and account information for over 1 million new clients on to the Key platform. We converted over 300 branches, which re-opened as Key and consolidated 70 former First Niagara branches. An additional 36 Key branches are targeted for consolidation in the fourth quarter. The conversion went well. Our detailed plans were well executed and we were open for business across our franchise as planned on Tuesday morning. Our 3 million customers, including the 1 million from First Niagara, could bank with Key throughout our 1300 branches, 1500 ATMs and across our digital channels, from consumer online banking to our sophisticated treasury management portal. For our new customers, the systems converted as planned. Their account information was transferred, and products and services like credit cards, debit cards and bill pay capabilities all remained fully functional. During the conversion, as issues surfaced that impacted a very small percentage of our client base, our teams worked hard to quickly resolve them and make it right for our customers. Our planning and hard work over the past 12 months paid off and execution was solid. Although we are still in early stages, the overall feedback from legacy First Niagara customers has been positive. Turning to slide 7. As I said, we continue to be confident in our ability to deliver on our financial targets. More specifically, I want to affirm our prior commitments that we have a high degree of confidence in achieving our cost savings target of $400 million. As I've said before, our internal target is higher and has remained consistent. We expect to achieve our full run rate savings by the back half of 2017, which means it will be fully reflected in our 2018 results. Most of the outsource technology and operations, which are a significant part of the overall cost savings, should be terminated by early next year, with associated savings realized by that time. Benefits from occupancy, the remaining 36 branch consolidations, and corporate functions will be realized throughout 2017. As we look forward, we continue to believe that Key and First Niagara are a powerful combination that accelerates our performance beyond what either company could have otherwise achieved, improving our cash efficiency ratio by 300 basis points and our return on tangible common equity by 200 basis points. And not included in our targets, but something that continues to provide real opportunity, is the $300 million in revenue synergies that we have identified. By leveraging our products and capabilities in areas like payments, treasury management, and commercial mortgage banking, we have the opportunity to better serve First Niagara's client base, and we've already seen some early wins and our confidence continues to grow in achieving our revenue plans. Let me conclude my remarks by recognizing the hard work and dedication of our teams over the past year. I'm incredibly proud that we were able to successfully close and integrate our acquisition while at the same time, accelerate our momentum that's been reflected in our Community Bank and Corporate Bank performance. And as we move forward as one company, I'm even more excited for the opportunities we have to accelerate our performance, drive growth, and create long-term value for our clients, communities, employees, and most importantly, our shareholders. Now I turn the call over to Don to provide more detail on our quarterly results. Don?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thanks, Beth, and I'm on slide 9. Third quarter net income from continuing operations was $0.30 per common share, after excluding $0.14 of merger-related charges. This compares to $0.26 per share in the year-ago period and $0.27 in the second quarter, which excluded $0.04 of merger-related charges. As Beth mentioned, after adjusting for the impact of First Niagara and merger charges, we generated positive operating leverage relative to the year-ago quarter. On a standalone basis, Key's revenues were up 6% from the prior year, and up 5% from the second quarter. The EPS impact of First Niagara was relatively neutral to our third quarter results. Results not only reflect the impact of First Niagara's operations for two months, but also the estimated purchase accounting adjustments and the impact from our divestiture of 18 branches on September 9. I'll cover many of these items on this slide in the rest of my presentation, so I'm now turning to slide 10. Average loan balances were up $18 billion, or 31% compared to the year ago quarter, and up $17 billion or 27% from the second quarter. First Niagara contributed $15 billion alone to the third quarter results on an average basis, or $23 billion on a period-end basis. Excluding the impact of First Niagara, average loans grew 5% year-over-year driven by commercial, financial, and agricultural loans up 11%. We've seen double digit year-over-year growth in 18 of the past 20 quarters for CF&A loans, reflecting our investments in senior bankers, and we've also maintained our moderate risk profile. Average loans were up $1 billion, or 2% unannualized from the second quarter, excluding the impact of First Niagara, driven primarily by growth in commercial loans. Our estimated fair value adjustment on acquired First Niagara loans was 2.8%, or $686 million. Importantly, this adjustment is an estimate and we expect to see additional refinement in the fourth quarter of this year as we work to finalize our purchase accounting. Also during the quarter, our branch divestiture resulted in a reduction of $439 million in loans. Continuing on the slide 11. Average deposits, excluding deposits in foreign office, totaled $95 billion for the third quarter of 2016, an increase of $25 billion compared to the year-ago period and $21 billion compared to the second quarter. First Niagara contributed $19 billion of deposits to the third quarter results on an average basis, or $27 billion on a period-end basis. In our Appendix materials, you will see that we recorded an estimated $356 million of core deposit intangible asset associated with the acquisition. Excluding First Niagara, the 9% year-over-year increase in deposit balances primarily reflects core growth in our retail banking franchise, and higher escrow deposits from our commercial mortgage servicing business. Compared to the second quarter of 2016, our average deposit growth of 3% excluding First Niagara reflects higher escrow balances from our commercial mortgage servicing business, core deposit growth in retail banking franchise, and inflows from our commercial clients. During the quarter, the branch divestiture resulted in a reduction of $1.6 billion in deposits. Slide 12 shows our investment portfolio and highlights changes that occurred over the quarter. Average total investment securities were $24 billion for the third quarter, which was up $5 billion from both the third quarter of last year and the second quarter of this year. Growth compared to the prior year and the prior quarter reflects the acquisition of First Niagara's portfolio, which added $4.7 billion on an average balance basis, and $9 billion on a period-end basis. During the quarter, we completed planned sales and the repositioning of First Niagara's portfolio to more closely align with Key's portfolio and investment philosophy. Proceeds from the portfolio sales were primarily used to pay down FHLB advances. The average yield on investment portfolio decreased 13 basis points from the prior year and 12 basis points from the prior quarter, which reflects the impact of First Niagara portfolio and the continued pressure from lower reinvestment yields. Turning to slide 13, taxable equivalent net interest income was $788 million for the third quarter 2016. The net interest margin was 2.85%. These results compared to taxable equivalent net interest income of $598 million and a net interest margin of 2.87% for the third quarter of 2015. First Niagara contributed $175 million to third quarter net interest income. Included in this figure is $19 million from purchase accounting accretion. The purchase accounting accretion on the loans for the third quarter was estimated, which did not reflect any loan prepayments. In the fourth quarter, we will finalize the purchase accounting marks, which we expect will result in an increase in net interest income. Reported results for the quarter also include $6 million of merger-related charges. Excluding First Niagara, and the merger-related charges, net interest income increased 4% from the prior year and 2% from the prior quarter, with both increases driven primarily by higher earning asset balances. The third quarter net interest margin of 2.85% was 9 basis points higher than the prior quarter. Purchase accounting contributed 6 basis points of the growth, with all other items providing a benefit of 3 basis points on a combined basis. Slide 14 shows a summary of non-interest income, which accounted for 41% of our total revenue. Non-interest income in the third quarter was $549 million, up $79 million or 17% from the prior year and up $76 million or 16% from the prior quarter. Our results this quarter included $53 million from First Niagara, which reflected two months worth of impact. Additionally, within non-interest income, we incurred $12 million of merger-related charges, including losses realized from the repositioning of the investment portfolio. Excluding the impact of the acquisition and the merger-related charges, non-interest income was up 8% from the prior year and up 7% from the prior quarter. We saw continued growth and momentum in a number of our core fee-based businesses, reflecting investments we have made over the past few years. As Beth mentioned, investment banking and debt placement fees had a record quarter. We saw strength across our platform, including commercial mortgage banking, equity capital markets and M&A advisory fees, reflecting the strength of the Key relationship model. And while not a material growth driver, trading income did increase, but it is included elsewhere on the income statement. Cards and payments income also contributed to our strong results with double-digit growth, excluding the impact of the acquisition, compared to both the year ago and prior quarters and service charges on deposit accounts continue to move higher, as our number of customers and related activities grow. During the third quarter, operating lease income and other leasing gains reflected $12 million of lease residual losses. Turning to slide 15. As you can see on this is slide, reported non-interest expense of $1.1 billion includes $189 million of merger charges and $140 million of expense related to two months of First Niagara operations. Excluding these costs, non-interest expense was $753 million for the quarter. We provided a detailed breakout of our merger-related charges in the Appendix of our materials. Compared to the third quarter of last year, and after adjusting for the impact of First Niagara and merger related charges, non-interest expense was up $29 million or 4%. Linked quarter expenses, also adjusted for the acquisition, were up $47 million or 7%. Those comparisons reflect higher performance-based compensation and an increased FDIC assessment. Expenses related to the First Niagara operations were lower than previous guidance provided. This improvement reflects some acceleration of merger cost savings and lower than expected core deposit intangible amortization. Turning to slide 16. Overall net charge-offs were $44 million or 23 basis points of the average total loans in the third quarter, which continues to be below our targeted range. Third quarter provision for credit losses was $59 million, an increase of $14 million from the year-ago period and $7 million from the linked quarter. Impact from First Niagara resulted in $18 million of provision expense for the third quarter, $12 million of which related to the purchase credit card portfolio, which was initially recorded at a premium. Non-performing loans and non-performing assets both increased relative to year-ago period in the prior quarter, reflecting $150 million in non-performing loans and $167 million of non-performing assets from the First Niagara acquisition. At September 30, 2016 our total reserves for loan losses represented 1.01% of period-end loans and 120% coverage of our non-performing loans, and reflects the acquisition of First Niagara portfolios at fair value. And turning to slide 17, our Common Equity Tier 1 ratio at the end of the third quarter was 9.55%, which reflects the impact of First Niagara. With the completion of the acquisition, we did resume our common share repurchase program and repurchased $65 million in common shares during the quarter. Disciplined capital management will remain a priority for us. Moving on to slide 18, this quarter, we have provided you with our outlook and expectations for the fourth quarter on a combined company basis. Importantly, our 2016 full year outlook for standalone Key remains consistent with what we had provided earlier in the year. We expect average loans to benefit from a full quarter impact of First Niagara and continued core portfolio loan growth driven by strength in our commercial businesses. Net interest income is also expected to benefit from one additional month of the impact of First Niagara, along with normal growth in NII. Further, as we noted earlier, we anticipate having an adjustment to purchase account accretion in the fourth quarter resulting in an increase to net interest income. Non-interest income will also reflect one additional month benefit from the acquisition and we expect investment banking and debt placement fees for the full year of 2016 to be equal to or slightly higher than our full year 2015 results. In addition to a full quarter impact of non-interest expense from First Niagara, we're also anticipating elevated merger-related charges to continue in the fourth quarter. To-date, we've recognized about half of our expected $550 million in merger charges. We continue to expect net charge-offs to be relatively stable with our third quarter reported results and below our targeted range of 40 basis points to 60 basis points. Provision is expected to slightly exceed our level of net charge-offs. As Beth said, we remain committed to meeting or exceeding the financial targets we have laid out for the acquisition. We continue to expect to exceed our $400 million of cost savings targets by the back of half of 2017, which would then be reflected in our full-year 2018 run rate. With the conversion complete, we expect to show meaningful progress toward our cost savings target as we realized savings from the consolidated branches, third party and technology cost, and redundancies across the franchise. With that, I'll close and turn the call back over to the operator for the instructions on the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of John Pancari from Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Good morning.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Good morning, John.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Good morning.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Just wanted to see if you can elaborate a little bit on the timing of the cost saves. I know you indicated that you expect it to be fully realized by the year-end 2017, and Beth, I know you also alluded to where the bulk of the realization would be. Just trying to get an idea of the timings through the year. Is it fair to assume that over half of the cost saves could be in the run rate before mid-year because that does impact where we're coming out for full-year 2017 and 2018 projections? Thanks.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: This is Don, and I would start off by saying that if you take a look at the run rate of expenses for First Niagara that's included in our third quarter results, it shows an average monthly run rate of about $70 million a month. That compares with the run rate before acquisition of over $80 million. And so, I would say that in the current run rate, we were already reflecting about a $100 million of that $400 million targeted level. As we've said before that fourth quarter won't show a meaningful increase as far as the level of cost saves. We would expect to see many of those occur in the first half of next year with the realization of the systems conversions, the branch consolidations that many of which will occur here in the fourth quarter, and some of the other steps that will start to be realized in the first half of next year. And so, I would say by the end of the first half, we would be well past the 50% of attainment of that value from the cost savings.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Okay. All right, thanks. And then separately, I know you had indicated that in your prepared comments that the First Niagara deal is performing better than expected since the close of the transaction. Can you elaborate on what you're referring to in that? Is it mainly around the timing or the account attrition or cost saves? Could you just give us some more detail?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: I'll take another crack at that as well. If you look at the growth of the experience from the time of the acquisition to the time of closing, it was in excess of what we would have expected. They showed growth in customers and households, they showed growth in deposit balances and loan balances and so they were able to continue to grow that franchise, despite the fact that this merger was going on. And then you combine that with the expense saves that we realized here in the third quarter that would have been earlier than what we would have expected as well. And so it feels like and it shows that they're exceeding on all fronts.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks, Don.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Nash from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, thanks for the color on the cost saves. Maybe just following up a little bit on John's question, Beth, you talked about your internal targets being higher than your external targets and you sound like you're getting increased confidence now that you've had a few more months to look at it. Can you give us a sense of what you think the incremental cost savings could be and will those be beyond the 2017 period or do you expect those to be phased in concurrently with the rest of the cost savings?
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Yes, Ryan. This is Beth, and then if appropriate, Don may have some more color. Yes, we do have confidence that, as we said, our internal targets have exceeded the $400 million in the path of (24:04) those. However, at this time, I would say since we're still early days of making sure we realized the $400 million that we outlined in the amount and the timing that we have suggested, we will defer until we get into 2017 and before we outline what those additional possibilities of the timing will be. But I will tell you that we do see a path for outperforming what would have been our initial projections of $400 million that we committed to a year ago.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: I would agree, Beth. And we've talked about the realization of that $400 million coming primarily in the first half of next year and as we wrap up 2017 we would expect to see the full benefit of that run rate in our 2018 outlook.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Maybe I could just ask one other question. The 200 basis points ROTCE uplift, is that a fully phased in run rate in 2018? And how do we think about the base for that? Is that current tangible book value, is that pro forma for 2018? Can you just remind us what you were using for legacy Key as part of your expectations?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Yeah. We were operating around a 10% return on tangible common equity before the transaction. I would say in the third quarter, adjusted for the merger related charges, our return on tangible common would have been about 11%. And if you would just add on top of that, the additional benefit from the expense savings, we would be in that 12% to 13%. So it would be equal to or exceeding that 200 basis point improvement we talked about.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks for taking my question.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Steven, you changed your name there?
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, on every call it appears. Don, thanks for all the transparency related to the First Niagara impacts, really helpful this quarter. I just want to make sure I understand, did you say that there are a $100 million of cost saves now in the run rate this quarter?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: What I've shown to calculate that was basically the run rate of expenses for First Niagara was a $70 million a month. So if you take the 140 divided by the two months that are reported and compare that with the $80 million a month they were running at before the acquisition. So that gives us about $100 million of cost savings realized on a run rate basis.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And Don, I know you're running parallel on the systems with First Niagara. What's the target date right now where you are expecting to turn off their systems and get the $160 million of cost saves from the vendor contracts?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Many of those should be shut off after the end of this calendar year. There will be a few that still linger over into 2017, but the vast majority of the benefit there should be in early half of 2017 benefit for those contract terminations.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, got it. And could I ask you on the margin, obviously, a lot of moving pieces for this quarter. Can you help us think through the trajectory for NIM in the fourth quarter?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Take a look at our NIM in the third quarter. For the month of September, we had a margin of right around 2.90% and I would use that as a baseline for the fourth quarter. But keep in mind, we talked about the fourth quarter will include some additional net interest income related to our purchase accounting accretion. And so, it should be a little stronger than that 2.90%.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. If I could squeeze one more in, Don. would you be able to (27:30) think about a tax rate going forward? Thanks.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Sure. We've had some early comments about the low tax rate for the quarter and if you take a look at our reported earnings and back out the related merger charges and assume a 35% tax rate on those merger charges, the effective tax rate for the current quarter was 22.4% for core operations. On a year-to-date basis, that's 24.4%, and so we benefited in the third quarter from some higher credits associated with some equipment leasing activities. We also had a slight charge in the second quarter. And so we would expect those credits to continue and so we would expect our tax rate for the full year to be in that 24% to 25% range, so it would be very consistent with our year-to-date effective tax rate.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, perfect. Thanks for all of the color.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have from the line of Erika Najarian from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. I echo Steve's sentiments on the clarity of the First Niagara impact. My question is as we look forward to 2017, how should we think about the $753 million legacy KeyCorp expense base. The year-over-year growth rate is about 4%. Is that the kind of growth rate we should think about for 2017 or should we really think about it in context of the 65% efficiency ratio legacy?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: I would say first, Erika that the $753 million reflects the performance based compensation associated with a record high quarter for investment banking debt placement fees of $156 million. So we did have higher levels of expenses than what we would expect to be our normal run rate. And so we would expect the core to come down based on not being able to sustain that level of investment banking debt placement fees. Core Key is currently operating on a 65% efficiency ratio. And so I think that is a good benchmark for legacy Key. But, again, as we start to realize the cost savings from the combined organization that we should see that efficiency ratio drop meaningfully.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And also, as we think about next year, how should we think about average balance sheet growth in context of some of the assets that may be rolling off from First Niagara that you don't think is as core to you today? And if I could just slip one more here in, in terms of your comments on purchase accounting, are you expecting just a refinement in that will have one more month of purchase accounting accretion or is that $686 million potentially going higher? Thanks.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Yeah, a couple of things there, Erika. As far as the growth rate, we'll provide more guidance when we get in the January earnings call to provide guidance for 2017. I would say right now, our pipelines remain strong and the core franchise is growing, and we saw growth across the Key footprint, as we said, 5% growth on a year-over-year basis. We're also seeing growth in the First Niagara so we'll continue to work through that. We're not seeing material portfolios where we would consider them to be in exit mode as far as a First Niagara franchise. So we don't think that will dilute the growth from that perspective. But, again, we'll provide more guidance there later. As far as the purchase accounting adjustments that – you're right, the accretion for this quarter was $19 million. We would expect to see another month of accretion in the fourth quarter. And so, on top of that, we would also have some additional accretion impacting our earnings because we did not assume any prepayments in the third quarter and as those loans would prepay it would also accelerate recognition of some additional purchase accounting discounts. And so, we think the benefit from the purchase accounting will exceed just a core realization of the $19 million number that we experienced in the third quarter.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, just to be clear, the $686 million over a shorter duration then when I calculate to be about a six-year duration that you assumed for this quarter?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Yeah, and essentially what we're required to do is assume that accretion would occur over the contractual life of the loans. And so we would assume a faster than contractual life type of assumption as far as the realization of those reflecting the impact of prepayments.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thanks. Good morning.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I guess, first question is a little more of a broader question. You guys have frequently referred to potentially saving more than the $400 million. If you did achieve, and pick your number, say, another $100 million of expense savings, how much of that would actually fall to the bottom line?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Well, Ken, I don't really want to set your sight for another $100 million. That would be a meaningful step up.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hypothetical number, of course.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: That would assume that we would be reducing over half of the legacy First Niagara franchise expense base. But that being said, we do believe that the cost saves will drop to bottom line. Now offsetting that, we've also talked about revenue synergies and we're starting to see some activities that are reinforcing our confidence in achieving those. We've talked about $300 million run rate of revenue synergies and with that we would have incremental costs associated with achieving that. And so, it would realize about another $100 million or so of additional expense for that. And so, again, we do believe that those cost saves will drop to bottom line. They won't be offset by other add-ons, but that we will have some additional costs to achieve those revenue synergies.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right, perfect. And then just the other question I had, in terms of provision expense, can you just explain the $18 million of First Niagara and obviously the $12 million related to the credit card higher provision? I just want to make sure I understand that, I guess. I would have thought all of the loans were mark-to-market. What am I missing in terms of why there's now a provision expense on the First Niagara loans?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Ken, what you're missing is you're trying to apply logic to accounting rules, and that doesn't always follow case (34:00). But, essentially, what's happened here is that, as we look at the non-PCI, non-purchased credit impaired portfolios, those loans that are recorded at a discount, you would be accreting that discount back into income over time, but you would always look at the remaining discount to see if it's adequate to cover the required reserve associated with those loans. What's unique about those credit card portfolios is that we recorded that at a premium, and so the value of that portfolio was higher than par, and so we had no discount to compare to for the recognition of allowance associated with that credit card portfolio. So, effectively, on day one after the acquisition, we had to record the entire allowance, or $12 million, associated with that $300 million portfolio. And so that's what triggered that, and that's why we had a higher level of provision associated with the First Niagara transaction.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right, great. And then, really quick one, the preferred dividend on a go-forward basis?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: The preferred dividends will increase next quarter that the First Niagara preferred declared their dividend in July, and so it didn't have an impact on the current quarter results. So, you'll see almost a doubling of the preferred dividends compared to what the current quarter was.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Doubling versus this quarter. Okay, all right, thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Eads with UBS. Please go ahead.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Good morning.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: Obviously there's been a lot of commentary about the outlook for C&I demand across the industry, and I'm just kind of curious what you guys are seeing, if you're seeing anything kind of unique related to the merger closing?
William L. Hartmann - KeyCorp: This is Bill Hartmann, David. One of the things that Don mentioned earlier was the continued momentum that was going on at First Niagara during the time between the announcement and the merger closing. And I think that that, from a growth standpoint, could be viewed as something that's a bit unique because in many cases, people would expect to see a business momentum drop-off. We have experienced continued growth across our portfolio as a result of the investments that we made in bankers over time, and we continue to see benefits from that investment, certainly in the current quarter.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: And, David, this is Beth. I would just add that this is an area where I believe Key has outperformed the industry. One of the statistics we quoted early was, 18 of the last 20 quarters, we have seen double digit C&I growth in our portfolio, and I think it's important to underline that it does reflect investments in senior bankers, so growth being driven by our client-facing personnel being increased, our bankers. Second, we have also been investing in capabilities to differentiate Key, both on our KeyBanc Capital Markets platform but also in products such as payments and treasury. So, as I look at it, this has enabled us to compete differently and post a higher level of C&I growth than the industry has been seeing, yet maintain our risk profile and loss content. So I think this is that strategy coming through for core Key.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: All right. And obviously, you guys will give formal guidance at the end of the year, but it sounds like no real change to the near-term outlook there?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: No changes to the near term outlook, that's correct.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. And then, on the IB business, obviously a great quarter there. Can you talk a little bit about the pipeline out of the quarter, and kind of the implied level for 4Q is potentially maybe down a little bit, but still at a pretty attractive level. Is that the narrative we should be thinking about?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Our pipelines remain strong. And in order for us to hit our guidance, we have to have something in $120 million plus as far as the quarter for investment banking debt placement fees. So, down from the record level but still strong compared to a year ago, and reflective of what we see as new business coming on. One other indicator there really is taking a look at our loans held for sale, and you can see a nice pop-up in the commercial mortgage loans held for sale ,to about $1 billion level. And so that's just one indicator, as far as the strength of the pipeline.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks for the color.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: Next we have from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, Beth. Hi, Don.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Good morning.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Don, can you share with us, talking about the accounting for the provision on the loans that came over, could you also talk about the non-performing assets or non-performing loans, I should say, that came over from First Niagara, because once again, normally those are mark-to-market? What caused those loans to come over as non-performing loans?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Sure. And as far as the accounting treatment, we took a look at the $23 billion portfolio and divided it into two primary pieces. One is purchased credit impaired, which was just shy of $1 billion, and the other piece is the non-purchase credit impaired. For the purchased credit impaired $1 billion portfolio, they're primarily commercial loans, and those are loans where we don't think they are going to be able to live up to the commitments required in the loan agreements and they're included in that category, and they're marked net of reserves and net of interest rate mark. And so they don't bring over any allowance associated with that, and that interest rate mark will be accretive back into income over time. Because they are recognized as purchase credit impaired, they're excluded from the non-performing assets and non-performing loans. Now, the rest of the $22 billion in loan portfolio, we did also record a mark on that portfolio, and it includes both credit and interest rate. We did not have any additional allowance related to that. But since it's not purchase credit impaired, we did carry over the status as far as the non-performing loans and non-performing assets. And so that's why we show $150 million coming over in NPLs from the First Niagara acquisition, because many of those loans included in that non-purchase credit impaired are reviewed on a portfolio basis, as opposed to an individual loan basis. And so, on a portfolio basis, we believe that the portfolio will be able to perform in line with expectations.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Would that imply they are mostly consumer loans then in the non-impaired, versus the other portfolio being the commercial loans?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Well, there are commercial loans that are not PCI impaired, and so – also in the commercial portfolios, some business banking loans that are looked at on a portfolio basis as opposed to an individual loan basis. And so, it's a mixture of both, Gerard, but I would say that most of the consumer loans are in the non-purchase credit impaired category.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, good. Thank you. And then second question, obviously, you guys had a blockbuster investment banking quarter. Traditionally, or historically, if I recall, you typically sell most of the production that you produce in a quarter. Was that the case this quarter or did you retain more than normal? How did that work?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: I would say our sales levels would be consistent with what we had experienced in the past. And I think we've talked about for the capital raise that we would retain somewhere in the realm of 20% level and I don't know that's changed dramatically for the current quarter.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR. Please go ahead.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hey, good afternoon or good morning, I should say. The 5 million shares issued under the employee comp plan, can you just remind me sort of what the triggers are around that issue that's related to share price or business line performance, sort of what drove that this quarter?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: The bulk of those shares issued related to the First Niagara acquisition and so as we issued new unrestricted shares or others in connection with employee change of control contracts as we structured some of those agreements is how those shares were issued for the most part. And so they would have been granted as of or around the August 1st time line when the acquisition was finalized.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, perfect, thanks. And then just last question on the card provision, which you explained. Is that entirely a one-time sort of catch-up, true up, or are there any lingering sort of impacts to be aware of in future periods?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: As it relates to the card, that's a one-time impact. And so, going forward, we just have normal provision to cover charge-offs and loan growth in that portfolio. Keep in mind that down the road we will have to make sure that we're adding provision for new loan growth, and so we will have provision to cover that loan growth. And also, as the accretion of that discount occurs for the non-purchased credit card impaired, we will start to replenish the reserves associated with some of those portfolios over time as well.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning, guys.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Hey, Scott.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Good morning.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: I think most of my questions have been answered, but maybe just one on sort of the margin and rate sensitivity. I think, if I heard correctly, you're pretty much done with restructuring the FNFG securities portfolio. Just curious if you can give little color on how the combined company's rate sensitivity compares to what Key looked like standalone before the deal?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Yeah. No, you're absolutely right that the restructuring of the First Niagara portfolio is done. It was done really quickly in the quarter and so we really experienced the impact in those two months from having the change in that mix of the investment portfolio. As far as the – and I'm sorry the second part of the question?
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Combined sensitivity?
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Combined...
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Combined sensitivity. I'm sorry. If you look at combined sensitivity, we're about 2% asset sensitive. And so as we redid the portfolio from First Niagara and combined that with our overall balance sheet, it kept it fairly consistent with where we were before so we didn't see a real change there. And so, we're pleased with our position overall. We'll continue to reassess that but right now we're about 2% asset sensitive.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: That's perfect. Thank you very much.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just a little housekeeping here. The buyback was about $65 million. That's a little bit less than 20% of what you mentioned in June you were planning to repurchase over the four-quarter capital planning cycle. How should we think about buybacks over the next three quarters? Would they be – should we consider that instead of a pro-rated level or is there any sense of doing it sooner rather than later?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: One. We didn't start buying back any shares until after the merger was completed. So, whether there was some timing to that. But, more importantly, our employee stock issuance typically occurs, for the most part, in the first quarter of each calendar year. And so we would typically see acceleration as far as some of the share buybacks during that quarter. And so you would see a skewing or heavier weighting of the share buyback for that quarter but that's consistent with what we've done in the prior years as well.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And if I can ask – just a follow up on the capital markets. You didn't mention capital markets as a potential revenue synergy within the FNFG franchise. Can you give us a little more color as to where you think the opportunities in capital markets in the future, beyond the fourth quarter, may lie within the FNFG franchise?
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Matt, this is Beth. I would tell you that we do see opportunities within our Corporate Bank platforms, particularly in commercial mortgage banking as an area where we see real opportunity, particularly given the book of business in First Niagara that they have within real estate, both on their balance sheet as well as more broadly some of what those clients own. And we cited that there have already been a handful of early wins. Many of them are related to the capability that we have in commercial mortgage banking. We also see obviously very, very good opportunities against some of our core payments, treasury management, FX and derivative products. And then, obviously within that client base, our advisory capabilities will probably also over time create opportunities. But near term and early wins, I think, will be in commercial mortgage banking.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you for the color.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Bill Carcache from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, Beth and Don.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Good morning.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Beth, actually, I remember you mentioning early on that at times you need to take some criticism upfront before ultimately being congratulated and kind of referenced to this transaction. And certainly it seems as though the execution is coming through. Along those lines, a number of your peers are engaged in programs aimed at driving returns higher, but you guys seem to have what looks to us like a more tangible opportunity before you to the extent that you continue to execute on First Niagara on the integration. It sounded from your earlier comments, Don, that your pro forma return on tangible would go from 11% this quarter, ex-merger related charges to 12% to 13% once you run rate the $400 million in anticipated cost savings. Did I get that right?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: You are right, yes. That's correct.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. So then there's upside to the 12% to 13% number to the extent that there's further cost savings above the $400 million baseline that you mentioned and then, as well, if you layer in the revenue synergies?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: That's correct. And we're always looking to continue to improve our returns on an organic basis and don't believe that this transaction just stops it. So that will be something we're continuing to be focused on.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: And so what could that return number look like, if you start to factor in some of the revenue synergies as well?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: We'll provide some more guidance later as far as what our targets are for return on tangible common. But I would say going from a 10% to 12% to 13% range is a meaningful step up. And so we'll again provide more color on that later.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Bill, I would underscore that the core momentum that you're seeing in Key is what I think has been the rigor that we have given to our expenses to also create capacity to invest in banker's products capabilities that have created some of the revenue momentum that we're showing. And, again, importantly as we kind of look at it, 8 out of the last 11 quarters Key has generated positive operating leverage. So the investments show in our revenue but the discipline in our expenses to create those investments have been part of the momentum and performance that we're experiencing.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: That's very helpful. Thank you. And lastly, if I may, going forward, is it reasonable to expect that you'll adjust your CCAR ask such that CET1 stays in the 9.5% range?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: We're very comfortable with our capital ratio being in that level and so we will consider that as we look forward to the future CCARs and also we take into consideration any changes in the guidance of the NPR is finalized and additional comments we've heard are put in the rule.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: As a reminder, please limit yourself to one question in the interest of time. And your next question is from the line of Geoffrey Elliott, Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research LLP: Hi. I better keep it to one. Last quarter, you talked about $30 million of incremental intangible amortization coming from the transaction and it looks like the step up in intangible amortization this time was a lot smaller than that. It was about $6 million. So realizing you only had two quarters and two months of FNFG in there, just wonder whether that steps up further in 4Q or whether the $30 million shakes out to – the number shakes out to be lower than the $30 million?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Yeah, you're right. The current run rate in the third quarter was below that $30 million target. We are finalizing some of the purchase accounting adjustments and could see some adjustments to the core deposit intangible in the fourth quarter but still believe that it should be a slight opportunity from what we initially estimated.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research LLP: Great, thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: Hi. Well, it sounds like your Columbus Day weekend conversion went well, but that was the fourth quarter. so, how is it that you got 1/4 of your targeted expense savings in only two months? And if you could just give an update on how many branch closings you have versus the ultimate total and head count reductions versus the ultimate total?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Sure. As far as that $100 million that I had cited that there was a number of expenses associated with some of the system development work that First Niagara was doing before the announcement. And we also had some executives, former executives of First Niagara leave and some staffing leave as well, post legal day 1. And so those were really the sources of much of that $100 million of cost savings. We would expect to continue to see some ramping up later this year. And as we said earlier, we would expect to realize majority of those cost saves in the first half of 2017 and be at a full run rate and finishing up throughout 2017.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: So, I mean, in terms of head count reduction already versus your target and branch reduction that you've achieved versus a target?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: One, on the head count reduction, I would say that we haven't seen any meaningful head count reduction yet that has been helpful, but not a meaningful source of total savings. As far as the branches, we consolidated 70 branches of First Niagara over the conversion day weekend and we would expect to have 36 branches of Key consolidate here in the fourth quarter. And so, we should be there for our targeted branch consolidations, which would represent about 25%. The other piece that occurred here in the third quarter is in the middle of September, we did close on the divestiture of the branches required for the acquisition and that reduced our branch count by about 18.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. So you just shut those 70 branches. They're gone? I mean, so they...
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: In the fourth quarter, they are no longer operational. That's correct. So they have shutdown and we'll be realizing the expense savings associated with those branch consolidations in the fourth quarter and then we'll have another 36 from legacy Key that will be consolidated later in the quarter as well.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: All right, thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, good morning. Don, just have a question on the balance sheet, you did the securities portfolio repositioning, as you mentioned, and you mentioned that the outlook for the book to stay relatively stable. Can you just help us understand the mix of earnings assets going forward, and would you expect to see earning assets move forward just in line with loan growth, or would you expect also to see portfolio builds as you move forward as well, on the security side?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: The biggest driver will be the loan growth. I would say that investment portfolio should be relatively stable overall. We'll continue to make sure we're meeting our expectations and requirements for LCR, but you could see a remixing as well because we still had, in the third quarter, a very high level of short-term earning assets, mainly the Fed account, and we would expect that to come down over time.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then, as far as your reinvestments at this point, you mentioned the cash flows in the slide deck, and so can you give us an update now on a pro forma basis, where are you relative to LCR? And how much – like what your go-to investment rates are versus the 1.94% I guess is what we saw on the book for the quarter?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Yeah. As far as the LCR, on a combined basis, we're north of 120% on the LCR and so we're in good position from that perspective. On the go-to investment rates, the current quarter, we bought about $4 billion in securities, about $1 billion of that were in floaters, so agency floaters. And so it only had about a 94 basis point yield. The remaining securities that we were purchasing during the quarter had an average yield of somewhere in the 1.8% to 1.9% range, and we're seeing that come up a little bit as rates have moved up here late in the quarter.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Okay, thanks, Don.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Terry McEvoy from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Terry J. McEvoy - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Good morning, Terry.
Terry J. McEvoy - Stephens, Inc.: Could you just talk about the rollout of the residential mortgage product that came over from First Niagara? Is that out in all of the markets now? I know it's a relatively small revenue number this quarter, but going forward, do you see that growing?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Yeah. We are now all operating on the same origination platform, and so that is a positive event. I would say that that didn't occur with legacy Key until late in the third quarter, early fourth quarter, as far as the rollout. And so, you wouldn't have seen much lift from that, but that we would expect to start to see some of the benefits as we go into later 2016 and into 2017. And so, we've been pleased with the rollout on the First Niagara, mortgage loan officers converted over to our new origination platform as well, and feel that was a success. Beth, anything else?
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: And, Terry, I would add that, as we now have – as we talked about some of the benefits of First Niagara, one was the acceleration of standing up a mortgage platform for Key from origination through servicing. And our plans in 2017 and forward do include us adding to our mortgage origination staff and more robustly offering mortgage across our entire Key footprint. So, that is one of the sources of the revenue synergy that we see in the transaction.
Terry J. McEvoy - Stephens, Inc.: Great, thank you both.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Hi, Matt.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just following up on the net interest margin percent, the 3 basis points expansion versus last quarter, ex the purchase accounting accretion, what drove that?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Well, the purchase accounting accretion was clearly related to First Niagara. Also, First Niagara had a stronger margin than Key going into the transaction, and so that was also a benefit. I would say legacy Key was relatively stable linked quarter as far as the overall margin.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just separately, the tax rate expected for this year of 24% to 25%, is that a good range to use for 2017 as well?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: It depends on the tax credits that we have available. I would say that a more appropriate range would probably be in the 25% to 27% range, as opposed to 24% to 25%.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And is there a related decline in expenses associated with the higher tax rate?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: I would say the decline in expenses is, the merger-related charges will be lower, which will have an impact on the overall tax rate, and that's why you're seeing a step up there.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter J. Winter - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Good morning.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Hey, Peter.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Hey, good morning.
Peter J. Winter - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Just on the revenue enhancements. Can you talk a little bit about maybe the timing that you see some of that coming through in 2017? And then, in addition to residential mortgage, what some of the big contributors will be?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Sure. When we talk about the $300 million of incremental revenue synergies, we said that that would typically be in a three to five year type of time period. And so, we'll have to continue to monitor that, but that's our initial assumption going in. In addition to the residential mortgage, one of the big areas for us is our cash management services, treasury management services for the commercial side. And as we take a look at the activity levels that we're seeing right now, we're seeing a nice increase as far as potential referrals and pipeline associated with that. I think we've got over 200 First Niagara customers that are at least talking to us about adding additional treasury management services, and so that would be another category that we also have potential growth and a number of other products and services, some of which came from First Niagara, and some of which are for legacy Key. Beth, anything else you'd want to add there?
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: In the product capabilities, again, a robust offering for the commercial customers would also include what we put in our Corporate services income of FX and derivatives and a broad suite there. We also look at wealth management and private banking. And within that, we have investment management and other services that I think will be a good fit again for their consumer, as well as business customers within Key.
Peter J. Winter - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. And just quickly, anything you'd want to comment on 2017 with regards to some of that revenue enhancement that you see?
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Really, again, I think it falls back to – we think it's a three to five year time period. So you can think about that ramping up over that time period. So I would say that we'll provide a little bit more guidance as we get into the fourth quarter call in January, and provide more clarity as far as the timing and a level of recognition associated with those revenue synergies.
Peter J. Winter - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Thank you.
Operator: And that was our last question. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Beth Mooney for final or closing remarks. Thank you.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And with that, it concludes our remarks and our conference. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. David Eads - UBS Securities LLC Kevin J. Barker - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research LLP
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me for today's presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer, and available for our Q&A portion of the call is Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide two is our statement on forward looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question and answer segment of our call. I'm now turning to slide three. Our second quarter results reflect continued momentum in our core businesses and the progress we have made to complete the acquisition of First Niagara on August 1. Excluding merger-related charges, we generated positive operating leverage and grew pre-provision net revenue relative to the year-ago period. Revenue was stable with the same period last year and up 3% from the last quarter, despite low interest rates and challenging market conditions. Loan growth was solid again this quarter, driven by a 12% increase in average commercial, financial, and agricultural loans. Our core fee-based businesses continue to perform well with corporate services and cards and payments both posting double-digit year-over-year gains. Market-sensitive businesses, including investment banking and debt placement fees, improved from last quarter, but are below the record pace of the year-ago period. Commercial mortgage banking continues to generate strong growth, while other areas are being impacted by challenging market conditions. Don will provide more detail and our outlook for our fee-based businesses in his comments. Expenses have remained well controlled, and our ongoing efficiency efforts have allowed us to continue to invest to drive growth. Credit quality was a good story once again, with our net charge-offs to average loans remaining below our targeted level. And capital management remains an area of focus. We increased our quarterly common dividend to $0.085 per share or 13% during the quarter and we were pleased to receive no objection from the Federal Reserve on our 2016 capital plan. We expect to resume common share repurchases after we complete our acquisition, and subject to board approval we plan to increase our common share dividend to $0.095 per share next year. Now I'm turning to slide four. We're very excited to be on a path to close our First Niagara acquisition, which is expected on August 1. The merger of KeyBanc and First Niagara Bank is planned for the fourth quarter, subject to the approval by the OCC. We would also expect systems and client conversions to take place during the fourth quarter. Additionally, we recently announced the plans for our combined branch network, including the consolidation of over 100 existing First Niagara and Key branches. We also plan to continue to invest and grow in New York, which will include in-sourcing some functions and our build-out of the First Niagara's residential mortgage and auto lending businesses and support our broader franchise. I've been extremely pleased with the way our two companies have worked together to position us to be successful in meeting our commitments to clients, communities, employees and shareholders. And I remain confident in, and committed to, achieving our financial targets, and creating value for our shareholders in this slow growth, low rate environment. The combination of Key and First Niagara accelerates our performance beyond what either company could have otherwise achieved. We continue to expect the acquisition to be accretive to earnings in 2017 and add 5% to EPS, upon the full realization of cost savings. We also expect to increase our return on tangible common equity by 200 basis points, improve our cash efficiency ratio by 300 basis points and produce a solid return on invested capital. And as I've said before, our internal target for cost savings is higher than our external target of $400 million and developments this quarter have only reinforced our confidence in achieving our commitments. Now, I'll turn the call over to Don to discuss the details of our second quarter results. Don?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Beth. I'm on slide six. Second quarter net income from continuing operations was $0.27 per common share, after excluding $0.04 of merger-related expense. This compares to $0.27 per share in the year-ago period and $0.24 in the first quarter, which excluded $0.02 of merger-related expense. As Beth mentioned, excluding merger expense we grew pre-provision net revenue and generated positive operating leverage relative to the year-ago quarter. Revenue was stable from the same period last year and up 3% from the first quarter, despite the headwinds from low interest rates and the challenging market conditions. Core expenses were well managed. Our efficiency ratio adjusted for merger expense was 64.8%. I'll cover many of these items on this slide in the rest of my presentation, so I'm now turning it to slide seven. Average loan balances were up $3.2 billion, or 5% compared to the year-ago quarter; and up $1 billion, or 2% from the first quarter. Our year-over-year growth was once again driven primarily by commercial, financial and agricultural loans, and was broad-based across Key's business lending segments. Average CF&A loans were up $3.6 billion, or 12% compared to the prior-year and were up $1 billion, or 3% unannualized from the first quarter. Continuing to slide eight. Average deposits, excluding deposits in foreign office, totaled $73.9 billion for the second quarter of 2016, an increase of $3.6 billion compared to the year-ago period. The year-over-year increase primarily reflects core deposit growth in our retail banking franchise, higher escrow deposits from our commercial mortgage servicing business and commercial deposit inflows. Compared to the first quarter of 2016, average deposits increased by $2.3 billion. Higher escrow balances, short-term inflows from our commercial clients and core deposit growth in our retail banking franchise contributed to the linked-quarter increase. Turning to slide nine, taxable equivalent net interest income was $605 million for the second quarter of 2016, and net interest margin was 2.76%. These results compared to the taxable equivalent net interest income of $591 million and a net interest margin of 2.88% for the second quarter of 2015. The 2% increase in net interest income reflects higher earning asset balances and yields, partially offset by lower re-investment yields in the securities and derivatives portfolio. Compared to the first quarter of 2016, net interest income was down 1%, and net interest margin decreased 13 basis points. The net interest margin reduction in the second quarter was driven by excess liquidity, which was a function of three things, the first two of which are related to our upcoming First Niagara acquisition. First, we retained higher cash balances needed for funding the First Niagara purchase price and branch divestiture. Second, liquidity was held to position our balance sheet for LCR compliance following the close of the acquisition. And third, during the quarter, we had elevated levels of short-term escrow deposits, some of which are seasonal. Higher levels of liquidity translated into a $2.1 billion linked-quarter increase in our account at the Federal Reserve, which resulted in a seven basis point decline in our net interest margin. The average balances for the quarter of $5.6 billion was well-above the historic levels of approximately $1 billion. Slide 10 shows a summary of non-interest income, which accounted for 44% of total revenue. Non-interest income in the second quarter was $473 million, down $15 million, or 3% from the prior-year; and up $42 million, or 10% from the prior-quarter. The decrease from the prior-year was largely attributed to lower investment banking and debt placement fees. Although we saw growth in commercial mortgage banking fees, it was more than offset by weaker market conditions resulting in lower revenue compared to the prior-year – excuse me, year-ago record quarter. In the second half of the year, we expect good overall growth in investment banking and debt placement fees, more in line with our original outlook for the business. We saw continued growth and momentum in a number of our core fee-based businesses, reflecting investments we've made over the last few years. Corporate services income was up 23%, and cards and payments income was up 11% from the year-ago period. We've also seen a positive trend in service charges on deposit accounts. The growth in other income reflected a number of items, including higher gains from real estate related investments. Compared to the first quarter, non-interest income was most notably impacted by $27 million in the higher investment banking and debt placement fees. We also saw growth across various other line items including cards and payments, corporate services, service charges on deposit accounts, and net gains from principal investing. Turning to slide 11, as you can see on the slide, reported non-interest expense of $751 million includes $45 million of expense related to our acquisition of First Niagara. Excluding these costs, non-interest expense was $706 million for the quarter. We've provided a detailed breakout of our merger-related expense in the appendix of our materials. Compared to the second quarter of last year, and after adjusting for merger-related expense, non-interest expense was down $5 million, or 1%. The decline reflects lower performance-based compensation, occupancy and business services and professional fees, which were partially offset by higher expense related to certain real estate investments and increased non-merger-related marketing. Excluding the merger-related expense, linked-quarter expenses were up $27 million, or 4%. The increase was primarily in non-personnel, including other expense and non-merger-related marketing. The quarter also reflected an increase in personnel expense related to the higher performance-based compensation. Turning to slide 12, overall net charge-offs were $43 million, or 28 basis points of average total loans in the second quarter, which continues to be below our targeted range. Second quarter provision for credit losses was $52 million, an increase of $11 million in the year-ago period, and a decrease of $37 million from the linked-quarter. Non-performing loans and non-performing assets both increased relative to the year-ago period, but decreased from the prior-quarter. At June 30, 2016, our total reserve for loan losses represented 1.38% of period-end loans and 138% coverage of non-performing loans. Our outlook for credit quality remains consistent for the remainder of the year, with provision levels modestly exceeding net charge-offs, which will support our continued loan growth. We continue to anticipate the allowance as a percentage of period-end loans to be relatively stable with our second quarter level. Turning to slide 13. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio at the end of the second quarter was 11.1%, up from 10.7% in the year-ago period. As Beth highlighted, disciplined capital management remains a priority for us. Last month, we announced a 13% increase in our quarterly common share dividend. We were also pleased to receive no objection from the Federal Reserve on our 2016 capital plan, which included up to $350 million in share repurchases and an additional increase to our common share dividend next year subject to board approval. Moving on to slide 14. The top portion of the slide provides our 2016 outlook for standalone Key, excluding merger-related expense. We have updated our guidance to reflect the second quarter results; despite continued headwinds from our lower interest rates and more challenging market conditions, we continue to expect to drive positive operating leverage. Consistent with our prior outlook, we expect average loans to grow in the mid-single-digit range, driven by continued strength in our commercial businesses. Net interest income growth should be in the low to mid single-digit range compared to 2015 without any benefit from higher interest rates. We expect net interest income to be higher in the second half of the year compared to both the first half of this year and a year-ago period. Our guidance now reflects the weaker capital market conditions experienced in the first half of this year. Importantly, our expectations for the second half of this year remain in line with our original outlook. Based on this, we expect non-interest income to be relatively stable to up low single-digits for the year. Full-year reported expenses, excluding merger-related expense should be relatively stable with 2015. We continue to expect net charge-offs to be below our targeted range of 40 basis points to 60 basis points. We also expect provision levels to modestly exceed net charge-offs, which will support our continued loan growth. The allowance as a percentage of period-end loans is anticipated to be relatively stable with our second quarter level. We've also included some guidance for the expected impact of First Niagara, which is scheduled to close next week, on August 1. Branch and systems conversions are anticipated for the fourth quarter, after which we expect to begin to see the cost savings. We expect the majority of the benefit to be realized in 2017. Revenue and expense should be generally consistent with the First Niagara's first quarter operating results, including their 10-Q, adjusted for the five month period they would be part of Key. Expenses will also reflect approximately a $30 million of incremental amortization expense in 2016. Key's share count will also increase by about 240 million shares from the acquisition. As Beth said, we are excited about the opportunity to bring these two companies together and our confidence in delivering our financial commitments remain strong. With that, I'll close and turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. John?
Operator: Thank you. And we'll first go to the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR. Please go ahead.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hey, good morning. How is everyone?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Bob.
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hey, I guess, I was wondering, if you could maybe talk a little bit about the timing of the CCAR share repurchases? Do you think you guys will start that right after the First Niagara deal closes? Or do you think you'll sort of wait until next quarter, really come back into the market? Or how you're thinking about it?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Our plan anticipated starting the share buybacks here in this quarter. So, it would be shortly after the transaction work was closed on August 1.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. And will you likely do, roughly, a quarter of the authorization each quarter through the year? Will it be more market-dependent or how should we think about the pace?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: The plan would have anticipated a relatively stable level of share buybacks each quarter for the rest of the year.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. Great. Last question, maybe you could talk a little bit about net interest margin. I'm just kind of curious, I know some of the liquidity you guys said will reflect to build up into the acquisition. Next quarter, does any of that sort of – obviously, if someone comes back down for the cash piece of the purchase price, but how are you thinking about the blended margin with the liquidity movements that are anticipated at this point?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Good. You're absolutely right. Throughout the third quarter, we would be using some of that excess liquidity to take care of the acquisition of First Niagara and also provide for the impact of the divestiture. Purchase accounting adjustments will be determined throughout this next quarter; so that will impact the consolidated margin. But, we would expect to see our liquidity levels return to more of a normal level, which would be previous quarter as far as the overall impact. And so, we should see a benefit from that prospectively.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Morning.
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I'd like to start – as you guys continue to work on the First Niagara deal, what are your updated thoughts on: one, the $400 million of cost saves you originally identified; and also, now how are you thinking about the revenue synergies, which, Don, I think you pegged at around $300 million originally?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Sure. As far as the cost savings, we had shared an original target of $400 million and we've been talking about since that deal was announced that we are expecting and setting an internal target in excess of that $400 million. And over the last several months, we've gained even greater confidence in our ability to achieve that internal target. And so, we are very focused on driving to that level; and again, have greater confidence to be able to achieve that. We're also even more excited about the revenue synergies; and as we've met with some of the bankers from the First Niagara system and see their excitement about a number of the product capabilities and offerings that we would be able to provide; again gives us additional confidence in our ability to achieve that kind of $300 million incremental revenues from revenue synergies. And as we've said before, that won't be immediate, it will take some time to build that out, but we have greater confidence in our ability to achieve that as well.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's very helpful. Just one other one, Don, in the fee revenue. If we look at the updated guidance, the first half of this year is trailing where you were last year and the comps get a little bit more difficult than the second half. What's giving you the confidence at this stage that you will see that pickup in the second half, which you really need even to get to the low end of the new guidance? Thanks.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Really, the biggest variable there is our investment banking debt placement fees. And if we look at our current pipeline, we're seeing some strength there that we haven't had in the first two quarters and gives us greater confidence, we'll be able to grow that beyond the first half of this year and get some growth compared to the prior-year as well.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for all of the color.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And next go to John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Morning.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Morning.
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Just wondering, if I can get some color on the C&I growth in the quarter came in particularly solid and wanted to see where you're seeing the bulk of the growth. Is it larger corporate versus mid-market? And then also what your outlook is there? Should it stay at this relatively robust level? Thanks.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: As far as our commercial loan growth, it was again led by our corporate bank, but we also had some strong growth in our community bank as far as the commercial lending as well. And so, we're seeing both parts of the franchise contribute. We're not seeing it over-weighted in any industry, and we're not seeing it over-weighted by any geography. So, it's been fairly consistent throughout the overall market. Our guidance is for mid-single-digit loan growth overall and it being – continue to be led by commercial. And so, we would expect to see ongoing strength in the commercial category.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: And related to that, any areas that are getting overheated or that you're intentionally backing away from, just given the competitive pressures? We're hearing a lot about CRE at some of your competitors. Thanks.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: John, that's a great question, and we actually started to back off some certain markets in the commercial real estate space almost two years ago, because we were seeing some higher levels of prices and lower cap rates than what we'd feel comfortable with. And so, we've started to change that well back several quarters ago. Bill, anything else you would add to that?
William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer: The only thing I would add is that, consistent with our approach, we've been focusing on owners of real estate and as opposed to pure developers of real estate for a long period of time now. And our customers are being more discrete in where they're investing. And you can even see in our construction numbers those are smaller than they were many years ago.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Got it. Then one last question if I could. Your deposit pricing, it seems to have edged up a little bit over the past couple of quarters. Just wanted to get how you're thinking about that. Is there anything else that's influencing it and could it continue? Thanks.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Well, the biggest impact there is really some growth we've seen in some of our consumer retail CD growth rates. And so, you're seeing that go from what was a portfolio that was shrinking to a portfolio that's been growing. We do believe that having a strong retail core funded bank is important for us, but we'll continue to reassess programs going forward in that area.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thanks, Don. Appreciate it.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Matt.
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I was hoping you guys could elaborate a little bit on the dropping in outside of liquidity. And then what gives you the confidence in growing the standalone net-interest income dollars in the back half of the year versus the first half? Obviously, it's – in some ways a moot point since you'll be combining with First Niagara, but you did mention you expect the dollars to increase on a standalone basis. So, just a little more visibility and clarity on what's driving that after a bigger drop in NIM this quarter.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Matt, as far as the net interest income and margin, there's a couple of factors that impacted it outside the liquidity. So, as we've talked before, seven basis points is related to the increased liquidity level, which really didn't drive any net interest income from it. And so, that was purely a balance sheet component. The rest of it, about five basis points. Typically in the second quarter, we would see an increase in loan fees; and this quarter, we actually saw it decline. And so, that swing from what our original expectations would have been to what we actually realized, cost us about three basis points or about $5 million in the quarter compared to what we would have expected going into the quarter. And then beyond that, we had two other components that impacted it. One was the full quarter impact of the non-accrual loans related to the oil and gas, and then the third piece really was the reinvestment in our investment portfolio, that the securities that we were buying had an average yield of about 1.9% compared to say 20 basis points or 30 basis points higher than that. That would have been our expectation, and that probably cost us an additional basis point during the quarter. And so, those are the primary factors. As far as the growth going forward, well, we're not counting on recouping the loan fees that we didn't realize in the current quarter. We would expect to see some normal trends as far as seasonal activity and continued strong loan growth that we had been able to produce so far this year.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just separately, with respect to the timing of the cost saves, you mentioned that most of them or a majority of them was coming in 2017. Well, how should we think about the ramp in terms of throughout the year? I guess, there's a lot of them come after the systems conversions, but what would be the timing of, say, early versus latter part of the year on the cost save recognition?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I would suggest that we'll see some cost saves occur post the conversion, which we talked about being in the fourth quarter, but the majority of those cost saves would be phased in throughout 2017, so that in the second half of the year, we'd have the majority of those cost saves in place and should be at a full run rate by the end of the year.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Morning, guys.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Scott.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Just on the cost savings, obviously one of the higher profile disclosures recently was just the agreement to keep more jobs in New York. Wonder if – and obviously, you've reiterated the cost savings expectation. You have the higher internal target, but just hoping you could provide a little color on, if there are going to be more jobs than you would have anticipated originally in New York, for example. Where do you make up the negative delta that you would have expected originally and whether it's just sort of the nature of FNFG's cost saves, i.e., just certain switches you can kind of turn off and the cost go away, or how does that work out in your guys' mind?
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Scott. This is Beth. And I will tell you that it is consistent with the way we have been planning for both our internal targets as well as you've heard us discuss our confidence about being able to meet the cost synergies. Some piece of how we have structured bringing these two companies together is around the notion that we can leverage what is an attractive well-skilled low cost work force in Buffalo and in Western New York. So, we are looking at – we indicated in-sourcing some functions or work that is done elsewhere, not necessarily just within First Niagara, but within broader KeyCorp. And that that work could be moved to Buffalo and utilized, as I said, that attractive low cost talent base. We've also looked at some of our operations network within Key, and we'll consolidate those into Western New York and bring down costs or jobs elsewhere within Key. And then the biggest driver over time for the job number is what we talked about was the fact that they have residential mortgage from originations through servicing as well as the indirect auto business, both of which – one was a business we were trying to stand up within Key, and one that is new to Key. And that we will build on those businesses within Western New York as we scaled them across our broader franchise, which we expect will create opportunities for many folks in Western New York as we support that. And the corresponding revenue that we would expect to gain as we introduce that to the broader Key franchise. And then there will be some leveraging on the call center capabilities. So, as we look at it, again, it is a portfolio of businesses between Key and First Niagara and there were some opportunities to really leverage Western New York, but consistent with how we thought of our expense synergies, we get there in a very, very solid path through the ability to look at in-sourcing growth. And as we look at the mix of the $400 million, and Don will have some thoughts to add on this as well. Big, big driver of that is vendor savings. There is the outsourced technology environment at First Niagara is a huge driver of the $400 million. And then as we look at additional outsourcing to bring that work back in, we really are being able to get a huge piece of that path through exiting third-party relationships.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: No, I would agree, Beth. And the only thing I would add is that part of the difference between our external target of $400 million and our internal target, a large portion of that is related to this third-party vendor cost that Beth had talked about. And believe that should be a true savings for us.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. All right. That's perfect. Thank you for the color.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Good morning. So, quick question, on page 14, you mentioned right at the bottom, the incremental amortization expense of $30 million related to First Niagara. Easy question, which is, I assume that is annual amortization expense. But the other question is, on a short-term basis, right, so over the next five months of this year, is it possible that the higher amortization expense actually act as sort of just an outright negative on earnings before you have the opportunity to really, meaningfully, start to reduce First Niagara's core expenses? Or are there other expense savings you plan to do very, very short-term that might offset the $30 million of amortization? Thanks.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Ken, as far as the $30 million of amortization, we're assuming it is on an accelerated basis and that's the first five month impact from that only, and so it will be incremental expense. And to your point that will be a drag on the initial earnings compared to what we would expect after the benefit of the realization of the cost saves. And so, that was one piece that we wanted to make sure we made clear.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Don, I was wondering if I could ask you a little bit more about the expense side. This quarter, the other expense line, at $104 million core, was much higher than kind of historical run rates. Can you help us understand what the real estate side was and what you'd expect that to look like on a more normal basis?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Again, on that item, you're right. The majority of the increase really related to that. We had a $7 million or $8 million increase in other expense associated with what I would consider to be grossing up the revenue and expenses associated with certain partnerships we have in Lightec (30:44) investments that was highly unusual. And we would expect a normal recurring level to be in the $1 million to $2 million a quarter, as opposed to $7 million to $8 million. And so, that did inflate that expense category and is why we're showing a significant increase there.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then, just as far as the back half of the year, you normally do have – or you had, the last couple of years, pension charges in the third quarter and fourth quarter. Do you expect that to recur again? Or is that now in the past?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Well, we do have that risk. Our outlook right now would suggest that there is an exposure for that maybe in the fourth quarter, as opposed to the third quarter right now. But, one of the other benefits we expect is that when we can merge the two pension plans from First Niagara and from Key that would minimize that risk prospectively. And so, we never want to say one and done, but hopefully this would be a period where we might have an expense and see that not recur in the future periods.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And, if I could just one quick one on credit. You'd mentioned in the guidance that you expect the allowance to be stable with the last quarter. The allowance actually built up as a percentage of loans this quarter. It looks like you moved a little from the unfunded into the overprovision. And I'm just wondering, the credit looks great underneath the surface. So, from here, is it more just about reserving a bit for loan growth or is there anything underneath the surface in credit that we should be thinking about?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Nothing underneath the surface. You're right that we did see some migration out of the reserve for unfunded loans into the allowance. And those two kind of worked hand-in-hand as far as loans would fund up that were previously commitments. You might see a transfer from the unfunded loan commitment over to the overall allowance. And I would also say that our judgmental portion of the reserve also increased this quarter; and so, we feel very comfortable with the level of reserve we have and do believe that prospectively the provision will slightly exceed the net charge-offs to make sure we continue to provide for loan growth.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot, Don.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Don, first a question for you. I wanted to follow-up on I guess Bill's earlier commentary about the construction numbers in the CRE portfolio. Overall, CRE numbers were up about 10%, 11% annualized quarter-over-quarter with 30% decline year-over-year in the construction portfolio. Is that kind of reached a bottom as to where you want that to be ex-FNFG? And how should we think about commercial real estate growth going forward?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: As Bill noted, where we're seeing that growth is more in income-producing properties as opposed to development-type of lending. And so, we did see some increase there and are very comfortable with that type of an exposure and risk profile for the credits we're putting on. And you're right that next quarter we'll see a change here, because of the acquisition of First Niagara. Anything else you'd add, Bill?
William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer: No, I think that covers it, Don.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And just as a follow-up, it looked like your exposure in terms of overall amounts and non-accruals in oil and gas was stable and down a bit respectively. Can you provide any additional color in terms of how you're thinking about that portfolio and the trajectory of non-accruals going forward? I realize it's price dependent, but any additional color you can provide would be helpful.
William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer: Sure, this is Bill Hartmann. So, what we've been seeing happen is as – a couple of things going on. The borrowing base redetermination was largely complete this quarter, and we saw a little bit of a reduction obviously as a result of adjustments to the borrowing base, as a result of the redetermination. The second thing that we're seeing is that there have been some bankruptcies in the space. The resolution of those bankruptcies are resulting in some reductions in exposure. We continued to see that as a positive going forward. And then lastly, with prices up a little bit, we are seeing the cash flows improve at some of the borrowers. And as a result of that, they're reducing some of their outstandings?
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And just finally from me, Don, if I can, the merger-related charges in the quarter were a little higher than we were thinking about. I presume, however, that the overall timing of the merger-related charges will be concentrated in the second half of this year with a little bit in 2017 as you previously guided, correct?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. We had talked before about a one-time charge of $550 million for merger-related costs. And we do believe that a significant portion of those will be in the second half of this year.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, Beth. Good morning, Don.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Can you guys remind us of the $400 million in cost savings, how does that break out by personnel, occupancy, outside vendor systems, et cetera? And is it different post the agreement with New York than what it was prior, when you first announced the deal?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: As far as the $400 million, the largest piece that we did disclose was about 40% of that was related to third-party vendors, or $160 million. What we'd also talked about was that we expected to see significant opportunities from branch consolidations, and as we announced here earlier this month that we expected to consolidate approximately 70 branches of First Niagara and a little over 30 branches of Key. And so that is about 25% incremental consolidation related to that, and so that will also drive a significant portion. But beyond that, we really haven't provided a lot of color as far as how much is personnel related. I would say that with our discussions here, an announcement as far as the New York staffing plans that I don't know that's changed what our initial plans have been significantly. Again that we're looking for a lot of opportunity from those third-party vendor saves. And it's just an issue as to where the work is being performed as opposed to whether or not it's changed the overall plan.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I see. And I'm sorry the third-party vendor, that did increase now versus the original $400 million when you guys first outlined those cost savings?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Well, what we had talked about is our internal target is higher than the $400 million, and a big portion of that increase is related to the third-party vendor as opposed to other categories.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I see. And then just to go back, Don, to your comment about liquidity, your margin obviously was impacted as you pointed out in the quarter by the increase in liquidity, but I thought you said that we should expect your liquidity levels to go back to the way they were in the first quarter. If that's true, should the margin then benefit from the lower liquidity levels that you expect going forward?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Margin should benefit from lower liquidity levels. Now at the same time, we're going to be adding First Niagara on top of our balance sheet and margin impact. There will be some noise that we'll have to walk you through next quarter as to how they all combine and what the impact is, but we should see a benefit to margin, not a huge change from net interest income, but a benefit to margin as those liquidity levels return to more normal levels.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please go ahead.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: Thanks. Don, I wanted to ask you a little bit about the compression you saw in earning asset yields. When you look at the core portfolios of the loans and securities, they were only down a couple of basis points. When you look at the trading account and you look at the loans held-for-sale, trading account was down over 100 basis points and loans held-for-sale were down 80 basis points. So, was there some noise or activity in those portfolios, because that's what drove a lot of the earning asset yield compression was in those two smaller accounts?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. One, the loans held-for-sale also were impacted by the fact that it was a lower level of loans held-for-sale during the quarter than what we had in the previous quarter; and so that was a bigger driver. The trading account dropped by about $1 million as far as the net interest income, and that really wasn't a huge driver to the overall net interest income, but there was a different mix of those assets than in this first quarter than what we have in the second quarter. But the biggest driver there, Marty, really, is if you look at the next line below that which is our short-term investments, and it's up to $5.6 billion and that's primarily our account at the Fed, and that's up by $2.1 billion from the previous quarter and up by $2.3 billion over the previous year. And that $2 billion-plus equated to a seven basis point reduction in our margin, and so it's just the ballooning up of the balance sheet related to that.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: Yeah. No, I was excluding the extra liquidity.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: But, when you look at the quarter there's a couple of things that you're doing in preparation for bringing First Niagara on, you suspended your share repurchase which you get to start back. You've raised debt, and now you've increased liquidity. On my estimate, it's probably a penny or two in bottom line impact that's just kind of sitting there waiting to get utilized as you kind of move over into the next stage, which is post the closing of the acquisition.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: A couple of things there. You're right that we did raise some debt, and that will help with the funding of the First Niagara acquisition. That was anticipated as part of the cost of First Niagara, and so we did expect that to be incurred and are positioned for that. And then we're also glad to start our share buyback program again, and that will be helpful to our earnings per share and to continue to support our shareholders from that perspective.
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And consistent with our guidance all year, we have been positioning the company, the balance sheet, our plans for our third quarter close. And so right after (41:40) CCAR results, shortly thereafter was our approval from the Federal Reserve. So, yes, a lot of these were conscious choices about timing to be positioned for First Niagara.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: All I was really getting at is that there's a temporary pressure on earnings the quarter before you actually get the benefits. So, there's kind of a timing here that you have to make all those choices knowing that you're going to get the benefit once the acquisition comes in.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: You're absolutely right.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: Thanks.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And, we'll go to Mike Mayo with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: Hi. Just a question on slide four, pretty straightforward. Your target, I think it's unchanged, right? The ROTCE 200 basis points higher, and the cash efficiency ratio 300 basis points higher. Is that correct, it's unchanged?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: And so what is the specific target? Higher than what? Higher than 2015? Higher than the first half of 2016? Higher than the second quarter of 2016. What's the comparison and so what is the actual numerical target?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, that – for both those ratios, it's the incremental benefit from the First Niagara transaction compared to Key on a standalone basis. And so, it would be compared to where our projections would show us on a standalone basis versus where we would be with First Niagara. Now what we had talked about before was that if rates did not improve, Key on a standalone basis for the efficiency ratio would drive down to the low 60%s. And with the impact of First Niagara, it would be in the high 50%s. And so that again is without interest rates, if interest rates did come through, it would again have additional benefit beyond that.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: And the ROTCE?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: We haven't disclosed what our targeted levels are there. So, our ROTCE is right now on that 9% level. And so, we would hope to continue to build that prospectively and showing an incremental benefit from the First Niagara transaction of that 200 basis point range that we talked about.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: I mean for the investors on the outside, it's nice to have something to hold management accountable to. And so, let's assume there's a debate going on. Some people like the acquisition, some don't. And we'll say, all right in the end, we'll look at the results. And it would be nice to have some sort of bogey that we can all look at together. Is there any more specifics you can give us, let's just say on the ROTCE? I mean, we can't see what Key's likely to do on a standalone basis based on your projections, but it would be helpful. Any other color you could give would be great.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Let us go ahead and reflect on that and see what kind of additional detail we can provide. I think we did provide more detail as it relates to the efficiency ratio, but part of that return on tangible common equity too will be impacted by some of the mark-to-market on the balance sheet and other purchase accounting adjustments. And we want to make sure we can clarify what component relates to each of those pieces. Let us do that for you, Mike, and then we'll get back to you.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: All right. And then a related question. So, there's no change in your targets. We hear you saying that the cost savings should go good. The revenue synergy's still good. But since October 30 of last year when you announced the deal, the expectation for rate increases really has come down. And that would hurt First Niagara, which was somewhat asset-sensitive. So, why do you still feel okay about your targets – the same feeling about your targets even though the outlook for First Niagara wouldn't be as good?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Well, one, First Niagara was asset-sensitive, but as we looked at running their information through our models, their asset sensitivity wasn't much outside of where we are today and where we were back in October. We also took a look at this transaction for if rate increases did occur and also if rate increases did not occur. And we still saw that kind of incremental lift for what we saw for the combined company compared to Key on a standalone basis. And so, that's why we think there truly is benefit from this, and we're very confident in our ability to achieve those incremental improvements that we talked about. Beth, anything you want to add?
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Mike. The other thing I would tell you in a lower and slower environment, which is I think is the consensus of the macro environment that we find ourselves in, I do think it's an attractive proposition to be able to extract cost synergies and then the confidence for a million new clients, the resulting revenue opportunities. I believe that it is a – value proposition of the merger is solid and it creates a lever in an environment where headwinds and levers are hard to come by.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: All right. Thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, to give all parties an opportunity to ask a question, we ask will you please limit yourself to one question going forward. And we'll go to David Long with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: You guys mentioned that short-term inflows from commercial clients impacted your deposit growth in the quarter and maybe had an impact on the NIM. So related to that, what are you expecting on the run-off there or the duration? And then maybe more importantly, what are you hearing from clients, your commercial clients, and what drove that short-term inflow in deposits?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: A big chunk of that really was coming from some of our escrow deposits that we have with our commercial servicing business and also some other escrow-related deposits we'd have for other commercial clients. Some of that is seasonal related, as you would see some of the real estate taxes and other things that would be build up throughout the first half of the year and paid down. And so, we would expect to see some of those go down. But we also had several situations where there'd be prepayments in the commercial mortgage servicing area that had cash idle for weeks at a time and that resulted in some over – or outsized increases in those deposit balances. As far as our commercial customers, we're still seeing and hearing from them that they continue to be fairly cautious. And so, we believe they continue to park liquidity with the expectation that they will be using that at some point in time, but really not in a mode to significantly change their overall position as far as investment. So, we are seeing a little bit of additional build there as well.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to David Eads with UBS. Please go ahead.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: Hello.
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Kind of touching – following up on some of this commentary about preparing for First Niagara to come over. Has there been any change to strategy for the securities book and also, both the legacy Key book and then the expectations for restructuring the First Niagara book once it comes over, given the lower rates?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: What we had talked before – at the time of the acquisition is that First Niagara has about $3.5 billion worth of credit-oriented securities in a different asset classes. And First Niagara has not been required to maintain the LCR compliance. And so, in order to make sure that they are LCR compliant, as part of Key, our plans are to shift out that $3.5 billion of credit-oriented securities and have their investment portfolio look more like legacy Key. And so, that process would take place throughout the third quarter. And we believe that we'd be in good position at that point in time. As far as Key, that we have been continuing to reassess our overall strategy as far as the duration of the portfolio, given these low rates and the timing of certain purchases. But the composition and nature of that portfolio really hasn't changed over the last couple of quarters.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: And with the reinvestment of the First Niagara, the credit-oriented one, do you still just look to reinvest that kind of similar durations to the current portfolio?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Thanks.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Kevin J. Barker - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Thank you. As we transition into 4Q and then into the first half of next year, do you expect loan growth to slow down on a consolidated basis as you let some of the First Niagara portfolios run-off that do not fit the profile that you would like for Key? And would you continue to expect interest-bearing deposits to increase to meet LCR requirements post First Niagara acquisition?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Maybe first, as far as the LCR and the deposit shifts that, we are in very good position from an LCR perspective for both Key and in combination with First Niagara. And so, we do not believe that we're going to see an ongoing shift as far as the overall deposit categories. We do believe over time and especially as rates start to pick up that we'll see some continued growth in time deposits compared to money market deposits; but, we don't believe that will be meaningful. As far as the loan growth, we've been very pleased with the portfolio that First Niagara has. And we've been continuing to work with their teams and making sure that we are in position post our conversion time period and do not see any significant change in the overall mix composition or any sizeable change in the overall growth rates related to that. Bill, anything else you want to add to that?
William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer: Yeah, I would just add that as part of our due diligence process, we spend a significant amount of time looking at the portfolios, looking at their underwriting standards and looking at their mix of clients. And that was part of the attractiveness that we found in First Niagara. So, I would not expect to use your phrase of run-off in the portfolio due to a change in strategy.
Kevin J. Barker - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Our final question will be from Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research LLP: Thank you for taking the question. Could you give a bit more color on the change in the outlook on non-interest income? What's behind that?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: The only change we really have there is that the second quarter's fee income reflected a lower level of capital markets related to revenue than what we would have expected coming into the quarter. And as a result of that and the year-to-date results, we've adjusted the outlook to reflect that. That if you look at the second half of this year's outlook for Key, we would say that it's very consistent with what we initially assumed and this is more just to reflect the impact of the actual results today.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research LLP: And why do you think the second quarter was weaker than you'd been expecting given the, I guess, in general markets recovered. If I look at the S&P, it's higher now than it was in April when you gave the last outlook, so what was more difficult?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: I would say where we saw some weakness compared to normal expected periods would be merger and acquisition advisory revenues and also IPO levels were weaker, especially earlier in the second quarter, and so we did see some reductions in that space compared to what our expectations would have had coming into the quarter.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research LLP: And then, if I can just squeeze a very last quick clarification in. You mentioned $7 million to $8 million of real estate expenses, a kind of one-time. Was the gains number that offset that, was that $7 million to $8 million as well or was that slightly different?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. It was in the other income category. And so, we did see other income impacted for that $7 million or $8 million and other expense impacted by the same dollar amount.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research LLP: Great. Thank you very much.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And I'll turn it back to the company for any closing comments.
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you operator. Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks. And again, thank you.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC John Pancari - Evercore ISI Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC Kyle Peterson - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC David Eads - UBS Securities LLC Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Manuel Jesus Bueno - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me for today's presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer, and available for our Q&A portion of the call is Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide two is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I'm now turning to slide three. Our first quarter results reflect momentum in our core businesses and continued progress on our strategic initiatives, despite a more challenging operating environment. Excluding merger-related expense, we generated positive operating leverage relative to the year-ago quarter, and grew pre-provision net revenue by 6%. We also lowered our cash efficiency ratio for the first quarter to 64%. Revenue was up 3% from last year, driven by a 6% growth in net interest income. Average loans were up 5% from the year-ago period, with a 12% increase in commercial, financial, and agricultural loans. In our non-interest income, we saw year-over-year improvement in areas such as corporate services and cards and payments, reflecting investments that we had made in these businesses. Market-sensitive businesses, such as investment banking and debt placement fees, were impacted by the weak capital markets environment. Don will provide more detail and our outlook for our fee-based businesses in his comments. Credit quality measures this quarter were impacted by migration in our oil and gas portfolio, reflecting current market condition. The rest of the loan portfolio continued to perform well and within our expectations, with overall net charge-offs remaining below our targeted range. We maintained our strong capital position, and subject to board approval, we expect an increase in our quarterly common stock dividend to $0.085 per share in May of this year. Slide four is an update on our First Niagara acquisition. We were very pleased that the shareholders of both companies approved the merger last month. This was an important step in the process and we appreciate the support of our shareholders. We also announced our Community Benefits Plan, which is a comprehensive blueprint for the community investments that we will be making over the next five years. This underscores our commitment to the areas we serve across our footprint. I have commented before about the cultural fit between Key and First Niagara, and that continues to be evident in the way our two teams are working together. We have made significant progress in developing detailed business plans and our target environment, including talent assessment and selection. As we move forward, I'm even more confident in achieving our cost savings and revenue synergies, and ultimately delivering on our commitments for value creation for our shareholders. We continue to expect the acquisition to be accretive to earnings in 2017, and add 5% to EPS upon the full realization of cost savings. We also expect to increase our return on tangible common equity by 200 basis points, improve our cash efficiency ratio by 300 basis points, and produce a solid return on invested capital. We look forward to completing the next stages of the approval process and continue to expect the acquisition to close in the third quarter of this year. Now I'll turn the call over to Don to discuss the details of our first quarter results. Don?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, and I'm on slide six. First quarter net income from continuing operations was $0.24 per common share, after adjusting for $24 million or $0.02 per common share of expense related to the acquisition of First Niagara. This compared to $0.26 in the year-ago period and $0.27 in the fourth quarter. As Beth mentioned, this quarter's results were negatively impacted by the migration in our oil and gas portfolio. The rest of our loan portfolio continued to perform well. Also worth noting is that despite weak market conditions, our revenue was up 3% from the prior year. After excluding merger-related expense, pre-provision net revenue was up 6% and we generated positive operating leverage compared to the first quarter of last year. I will cover the other line items in the rest of my presentation. So, now I'm turning to slide seven. Average loan balances were up $2.6 billion or 5% compared to the year-ago quarter, and up $580 million from the fourth quarter. Our year-over-year growth was once again driven primarily by commercial, financial, and agricultural loans and was broad-based across Key's business lending segments. Average CF&A loans were up $3.3 billion or 12% compared to the prior year and were up $706 million or 2% unannualized compared to the fourth quarter. Continuing on to slide eight. On the liability side of the balance sheet, average deposits, excluding deposits in foreign office, totaled $71.6 billion for the first quarter of 2016, an increase of $2.8 billion compared to the year-ago quarter. The year-over-year increase reflects growth in our commercial mortgage servicing business, inflows from commercial and consumer clients, and growth in time deposits. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2015, average deposits, excluding deposits in foreign office, increased by $131 million. Growth in time deposits was largely offset by a decline in the seasonal and short-term deposit inflows from commercial clients that we experienced during the fourth quarter. Turning to slide nine, taxable equivalent net interest income was $612 million for the first quarter of 2016, and the net interest margin was 2.89%. These results compare to the taxable equivalent net interest income of $577 million and a net interest margin of 2.91% for the first quarter of 2015. The 6% increase in net interest income reflects higher earning asset balances and yields. The net interest margin remained relatively stable, benefiting from higher earning asset yields, which were offset by higher levels of liquidity and various other items, including lower loan fees. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2015, net interest income was relatively stable, and the net interest margin increased by 2 basis points. The increase in the net interest margin was attributed to the higher earning asset balances and an increase in earning asset yields, which was largely the result of loan portfolio repricing to the higher short-term rates that resulted from the December rate rise. The benefit of these items was partially offset by various other items, including lower loan fees and lower yield on our fed stocks. Slide 10 shows a summary of non-interest income, which accounted for 41% of total revenue. Non-interest income in the first quarter was $431 million, down $6 million or 1% from the prior year, and $54 million or 11% from the prior quarter. The slight decrease from the prior year was attributed to lower net gains from principal investing of $29 million, which were offset by continued growth in several of our core fee-based businesses, reflecting our relationship strategy and the investments we have been making in our products and capabilities. Relative to the year-ago period, corporate services income was up 16%, cards and payments was up 10%, and service charges on deposit accounts increased by 7%. Compared to the last quarter, non-interest income was most notably impacted by weaker capital markets activity, which resulted in $56 million in lower investment banking and debt placement fees. Turning to slide 11, as you can see on the slide and as I mentioned earlier, reported non-interest expense of $703 million includes $24 million of expense related to our acquisition of First Niagara. Excluding these costs, non-interest expense was $679 million for the quarter. We've provided a detailed breakout of our merger-related expense in the appendix of the materials. Compared to the first quarter of last year and after adjusting for the merger-related expense, non-interest expense was up $10 million or 1%. The increase was primarily attributed to slight increases across various non-personnel areas. Excluding merger-related expense, linked quarter expenses were down $51 million or 7%. The decrease largely reflected lower performance-based compensation, marketing and business services and professional fees. Our cash efficiency ratio was 64% in the first quarter, after adjusting for merger-related expense, with results showing improvement from both the year-ago period and the linked quarter. Turning to slide 12, as Beth mentioned earlier, credit quality measures were impacted by the migration in our oil and gas portfolio, while the rest of the portfolio has continued to perform well. Our increased level of provision this quarter reflects the build in the reserves for oil and gas credits to 8% of outstanding. Overall net charge-offs were $46 million, or 31 basis points of average loans in the first quarter, which continues to be below our targeted range. First quarter provision for credit losses was $89 million, an increase of $54 million from the year-ago period and $44 million from the linked quarter. Non-performing loans and non-performing assets both increased relative to the prior quarter and year-ago period, as 90% of the change was related to our oil and gas portfolio. At March 31, our reserves for loan losses represented 1.37% of period-end loans and 122% coverage of our non-performing loans. Despite this movement that we saw in the first quarter, our outlook for credit quality remains consistent for the remainder of the year, with provision levels modestly exceeding net charge-offs, which will support our continued loan growth. The allowance as a percentage of period-end loans is anticipated to be relatively stable with our first quarter level. Turning to Slide 13, our Common Equity Tier 1 ratio was strong at March 31, 2016 at 11.11%. We submitted our capital plan during the current quarter, which included both common share repurchases and increased dividends. We look forward to sharing the results with you. As previously communicated, we plan to increase our common share dividend in the second quarter of this year by 13% subject to board approval. Moving on to Slide 14. Our 2016 outlook is for the stand-alone Key operations and does not reflect the impact of First Niagara nor the merger-related expense. We have updated our guidance to reflect the first quarter results. Importantly, we continue to expect to drive positive operating leverage and our outlook for the remainder of the year has not changed. Average loans should grow in the mid single-digit range as we benefit from strength in our commercial businesses. We now anticipate net interest income growth in the low to mid single-digit percentage range compared to 2015 without any benefit from further rate increases. This increase in our outlook reflects the benefit from the December rate rise flowing through to the bottom line. With the benefit of future rate increases, we would anticipate net interest income to be up in the mid single-digit range. It's important to note that we have assumed that deposit rates will increase with future rate increases. Non-interest income is expected to be up in the low to mid single-digit percentage range for the year, which primarily reflects weaker revenue from our market sensitive businesses in the first quarter. We continue to expect year-over-year growth in investment banking and debt placement fees as well as other core fee based businesses; whereas, our investments are continuing to mature, such as cards and payments. We are also assuming very modest levels of principal investing gains in 2016. Full year reported expenses, excluding merger related expense, should be relatively stable with 2015. We continue to expect net charge-offs to remain below our targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points. We also expect provision levels to modestly exceed net charge-offs, which will support our continued loan growth. The allowance as a percentage of period-end loans is anticipated to be relatively stable with our first quarter results. With that, I'll close and turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Shawn?
Operator: Thank you. First question will come from the line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Matt.
William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer: Good morning.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Appreciate the full year commentary on the investment banking line and debt placement fees, but just maybe comment on what the pipeline is coming out of the quarter and the kind of near-term outlook for that business. And then I guess I always think about the corporate services line also being impacted by volume, so if you can talk to those two together, that might be best.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Sure, and thanks, Matt. As far as the outlook for investment banking, the pipelines are strong for us and would expect to see significant increases going forward from the level that we experienced in the first quarter. We have seen markets start to return to more normal levels and saw activities pick up in March and continue into April. So, we're optimistic that we'll see some strength going forward from that. As far as the other corporate services, that includes FX, interest rate swaps, loan fees that are not specific to the balance sheet, and we would expect to see continued good activity in that category as well.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I guess that's one and done on the questions. So thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies. One moment. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Thanks a lot. If I could just follow up on the expense side, Don, you're still holding out that guide for the stable year-over-year and positive operating leverage. Does anything change with regards to the progression of expenses given the slight change in mix that you're expecting now in terms of kind of the base outlook for revenue growth in terms of your ability to keep that operating leverage gap?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Well, if you look at the change in our outlook for revenues, it really is more reflective of what happened in the first quarter as opposed to what we'd see prospectively. And so we would expect to see the compensation-related expenses go up in future quarters as we see those capital markets revenues start to return to the revenue generation for us. And so we would see increases there. We also typically would see marketing step up from the first quarter level in future periods as well. So, we would think that we would see normal type of seasonal trends in expense levels that would be consistent with the performance that we would be generating.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks, Don.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of John Pancari from Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Morning.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Morning.
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Just wanted to ask a little bit more color around the margin. I appreciate the spread revenue guidance you gave us with and without rates. How would you think about the trajectory of the margin, just given if you did not see any rate hikes? And how we should think about it through the year and going into 2017?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Just like last year, what we see as the major mover as far as our margin is our relative liquidity that we have on our balance sheet. And, first quarter levels of liquidity were higher than what we would've expected going into it. And I'll tell you that right now, the second quarter is even higher than what we experienced in the first quarter. And so, where we see pressure on the margin, it's more from the ballooning up of that liquidity position on the balance sheet that we're seeing core performance in the other categories maintained and loan prices have stabilized across our footprint. And so, we would expect to have a relatively stable margin absent any changes in liquidity.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Okay. But is there a plan around that excess liquidity outside of just pure loan generation? Is there a plan around the BAM book or anything?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: A lot of the excess liquidity comes from temporary funding from some of our commercial customers. And so we continue to want to support those customers and will work through that. But, right now, with interest rates being so low that it tends to be just more of a placement of that cash with us, and we'll work through that over time. But right now we're allowing that to come through and again there really isn't much of a cost to us to maintain that. It's just that it does dilute the margin.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: All right. And then one other question around the margin, or really around spread revenue. Your expectation for mid single digit growth if you do see higher interest rates, how would you define higher interest rates in that scenario?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: That would include two rate increases throughout the rest of this year. So we're not expecting that to occur right now, but that's what the baseline assumption would be for that.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Got it. All right, thanks, Don.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thank you. I guess my question is just in terms of the merger expenses. I see your guidance is excluding the merger expenses. But, can you just give us an update in terms of both the timing throughout 2016 of merger costs and the potential magnitude of these expenses? Thanks.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Back in October when we announced the transaction, we said that we expected to see about $550 million of merger-related expenses. That's still our current estimate. And we would expect that to accelerate between now and especially the systems conversion and bank consolidations, which we expect to occur later this calendar year, so sometime in the fourth quarter. So we would expect you to see increases again in the second quarter and then again in the third and then again in the fourth. And so the majority of them would be handled through, say, middle of 2017, but you will see an acceleration of those types of costs throughout the rest of the year.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question then will come from the line of Gerard Cassidy from RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, Don.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Can you talk about the non-performing assets? I understand the energy part that you referenced. Like other banks, everybody had the big increase in the energy non-performers. Can you give us some color on the credit performance outside of energy, because you indicated on Slide 12 that the non-performing loan increase, 90% of it was due to energy and the remaining, obviously, was due to other. Can you give us some color of what the other was? I know a relatively small, at about $29 million, but what are you guys seeing outside of energy and delinquency trends?
William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer: Hi, Gerard, it's Bill Hartmann.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, Bill.
William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer: So what we've seen is a few, what we'll call situation-specific examples throughout the portfolio with no discernible trend in any area. So we've talked in the past about when you start from a low base, any number kind of begins to look large, and so there's nothing that's any discernible trend, and it's spread out.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then just as a follow-up to this, obviously, the energy delinquencies and non-performers were Shared National Credit driven from what we're hearing from you and all your peers. Can you remind us how large is your traditional participation portfolio in SNCs with the regular SNC exam that's going on right now? How big of a portfolio of SNCs do you have about?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Gerard, I'll go ahead and take a first crack at this and then let Bill provide additional color. But keep in mind, as far as oil and gas we applied the standards that came out from the regulators at the end of the quarter across our entire oil and gas portfolio. So even though our loans that we would agent haven't been subjected to the SNC review, we do believe that we have applied this across the entire portfolio. And as far as the oil and gas area that we do primarily just participate in facilities that are led by other agent banks, but we do have broader relationships with those clients and still is consistent with our overall relationship strategy.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question then will come from the line of Bob Ramsey from FBR. Please go ahead.
Kyle Peterson - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hi, guys. This is actually Kyle Peterson speaking for Bob today. Kind of expanding on the energy a little bit, I noticed that the provision kind of ticked up $89 million there, to $89 million this quarter. Just to try to isolate what was kind of oil and gas versus the rest of the book, is a good way to think about that as kind of the same ratio as the NPA (22:25) uptick with 90% being related to oil and gas? Or is kind of there another way we should kind of get a handle around it?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: One way to think about it would be is that we maintain about 6% reserves at the end of the fourth quarter for total oil and gas. That's increased to 8% at the end of this quarter, and we also had about $15 million worth of charge-offs in oil and gas in the current quarter. And so that essentially provides a little bit more of a walk forward as to what drove the change there.
Kyle Peterson - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: All right. Yeah, great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Mike Mayo from CLSA. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: Hi. I'm not sure if Chris Gorman is there to give us an update on First Niagara, but on the downside, when you announced the acquisition there was a forecast for more fed rate hikes and First Niagara is asset-sensitive, so I guess that's a negative. On the positive side, perhaps there's more than expected cost savings there, since upstate New York has lower employment costs. So if you can talk about those ins and outs please. Thanks.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Mike, this is Don. And you're right, Chris is not with us in the room and he's busy working through the integration with First Niagara. Rates have come down, you're absolutely right. And we would have assessed that First Niagara's balance sheet position using our same assumptions and balance sheet mix would be very comparable to where we were from an asset sensitivity. So I don't know that it's a disproportionate impact to First Niagara compared to what we would have thought before. As far as overall expense saves, as Beth mentioned earlier, we continue to be very confident in achieving our expense targets. And as we've talked before, our internal targets we've established are higher than what we've set externally and that's what we're holding our teams accountable to and look to provide more color as we play through that.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: How can you better capitalize on the lower cost employment base in upstate New York? I mean, can you move jobs there? What are some of your options?
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Mike, this is Beth, and we are looking at the proximity of the two markets, and how do we -- where and how we perform work. And so, there are moves to look at leveraging both lower cost space, a very attractive workforce in terms of skills and tenure, as well as an attractive labor market from a cost point of view. So, we are looking at balancing out where and how work gets done, as well as some of the efforts we had underway. For example, we were in the process of standing up our mortgage capabilities and given that First Niagara had a full-fledged mortgage operation from origination through servicing, we will be building upon that in Buffalo. So we're doing a variety of things where we look at how to optimize the portfolio of locations, workforces, and skills in a way that I think will be beneficial to our cost synergy.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question then comes from the line of David Eads from UBS. Please go ahead.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of deposit pricing and funding costs. We saw that tick up a little bit this quarter kind of across the board both on different deposit types and kind of was that due to competition? Or how does that interplay with – and does that give you opportunities, I guess, to bring down funding costs, given the strong deposit growth you guys are showing?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. As far as our deposit funding costs, it really reflects some of the mix change we saw in the current period. And I would say that that mix change is really driven by our efforts to make sure that we can continue to grow our core retail deposit base, and there's a lot of value for that, not only from the LCR perspective, but also from a core business perspective. And so during the past quarter to two quarters, we've been starting to implement some targeted programs to increase time deposits, along with certain money market type of products, and had a lot of success in growing and deepening the share of wallet for those retail customers and would expect to continue to do that. And so, absent those types of efforts, we would expect the overall deposits to remain relatively stable and haven't seen much in the way of increased aggressive deposit pricing.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: You'd expect the deposit costs to be kind of stable from here, assuming no more rate hikes?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: I would say relatively stable. And I think we were up 2 basis points linked quarter, and so I would categorize that as a net kind of almost relatively stable type of category.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thanks.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question then will come from the line of Matt Burnell from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just on the commercial loan growth, that's been a bit above some of your peers. I guess, I'm curious where you're seeing the strongest growth, and are there any areas where you might within that portfolio begin to think about pulling back over the course of this year?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: As far as where we're seeing the growth, we've talked for the last year and a half about how we've been adding senior bankers not only in our Corporate Bank, but also in our Community Bank. And where we've been adding those bankers is where we're seeing that incremental growth. And so we're really seeing that from picking up new relationships and growing the book based on those investments we've been making. So we've been very pleased with that. As far as where we've been pulling back, we've talked in the past about certain markets where we see in the multifamily housing that it's gotten a little overheated, and therefore we've pulled back on that a little bit, and we continue to reassess other areas of concern. But generally, that's been the area where we've seen the most adjustment.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess I want to drill down on the other areas of concern. Can you give a little more color there as to what parts of the portfolio you're referring to?
William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer: Yeah, this is Bill Hartmann.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, Bill.
William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer: So, within the commercial portfolio, obviously, we've seen the impact in some of the manufacturing space, with the strong dollar and some of the weakening economies. We don't see any problems occurring in it, but if the customers themselves are not experiencing the kind of growth that would lead to lending opportunities for us to expand capacity. That's one area, as an example, of where we're seeing other weakness.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question then will come from the line of Scott Siefers from Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning, guys.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Scott.
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Don, I was hoping you could spend another moment or two just talking about the IB and debt placement line. If I caught it correctly, it sounds like you still expect positive year-over-year growth from that line. So, one, did I catch that correctly? And then, I guess, the crux of the question is it implies we're going to have to have a really forceful snapback obviously. I think you'd have to average somewhere around $125 million or so per quarter in revenues. Can you talk about sort of the pace of that build? In other words, do we nearly double here in the 2Q or is this going to be sort of a slow build throughout the course of the year?
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. We typically don't provide quarterly-specific guidance. But I will tell you that we would expect a meaningful increase from the first quarter levels to what we'd see in the next several quarters. And that's based on what we're seeing from a pipeline and based on what we are seeing in activity later in the quarter and continuing in the first part of this quarter. So I don't want to imply that it's going to be more than double from where it is in the current quarter, but we should see a meaningful increase there.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. All right. That sounds good. Thank you very much.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question then will come from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. I have a follow-up for you, Beth. Can you give us a flavor for the timeline? Obviously, you guys plan to close the deal in the third quarter. I know there was some objections by the Governor of New York to the transaction. Can you give us any color on how the progress is going to overcome these objections, particularly that one, and to get that closing date in the third quarter?
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Gerard. We are tracking. As you know, the approvals for the transaction will come from Department of Justice, who would be reviewing divestiture requirements for competitive purposes, and then our two primary regulators, the Federal Reserve and the OCC. So we are working through the process there very constructively, and all that is on track and on the timeline that we would have anticipated to meet a third quarter closing for the transaction. And as it relates to other entities, such as community groups, elected officials, we have been very present and had a lot of constructive dialogue. One important piece of this was the announcement of our Community Benefits Plan that we were successful in entering into with the NCRC on a national basis, which is a significant milestone on the community group front. And then as across other constituents, again, dialogues have been constructive, proactive, and against the parties who will approve it, we are tracking against the expectations we set with a third quarter close.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you. Oh, go ahead. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jesus Bueno from Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Manuel Jesus Bueno - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to ask quickly about your asset sensitivity. I notice you put on some more swaps during the quarter. And I know you had some rolling off at the end of the year. So, if you could just comment on how you're planning on managing your assets and the sensitivity going into the back end of this year.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Right now, we're right in that 2% to 3% kind of asset sensitive range, right around 2.5%. The swap increase reflects the increase in our LIBOR based loans and also the fact that we issued some CDs this quarter, so we had increase in some of the fixed rate liabilities as well. And so it was more just the overall balance sheet management and making sure that we maintain in that general range and still believe that we'll probably continue to maintain somewhere in that 2% to 3% type of asset sensitive range for the rest of the year.
Manuel Jesus Bueno - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Thanks for taking my question.
Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And currently I have no further questions in queue.
Beth Elaine Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thank you, operator, and again, we thank all of you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investors Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks, and again, thank you for your participation today.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Don Kimble – Chief Financial Officer Chris Gorman – President-Key Corporate Bank E.J. Burke – Co-President-Key Community Bank Dennis Devine – Co-President-Key Community Bank Bill Hartmann – Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Erika Najarian – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Siefers – Sandler O’Neill John Pancari – Evercore David Eads – UBS Bob Ramsey – FBR Gerard Cassidy – RBC Terry McEvoy – Stephens Matt O’Connor – Deutsche Bank David Durst – Guggenheim Securities Marty Mosby – Vining Sparks Geoffrey Elliott – Autonomous Peter Winter – Sterne Agee Matt Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities Kevin Barker – Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the KeyCorp’s Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Joining me for today’s presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; and available for the Q&A portion of the call is Chris Gorman, President of our Corporate Bank; E.J. Burke, and Dennis Devine, Co-Presidents of our Community Bank; and Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I’m now turning to Slide 3. Our fourth quarter closes out what has been a very significant year for our company. We improved our operating performance, continued our credit discipline, maintained our strong capital position and made investments that will drive future growth and profitability. For the year, Key generated positive operating leverage that we believe was among the strongest in our peer group. Our revenues were up 3%, and our pre-provision net revenue was up 5% both compared to the prior year. These results reflect our success in continuing to grow and expand client relationships in both the Community Bank and the Corporate Bank. And these new clients contributed to our 5% growth in average loans and 12% growth in CF&A balances. We also increased our core fee-based income, including in investment banking and debt placement fees, which were up 12%, another record year for us. Corporate services and card and payments were both up 10%. And I think it’s worth noting that these are areas where we have made recent investments that are generating growth and positive returns. Expense management also remained an area of focus. During the year, we continue to execute on opportunities to right size our business, produce occupancy costs and improve operational efficiencies. Expense trends reflect our investment to drive future growth and profitability, as well as merger-related charges and those related to our continuous improvement and efficiency effort. Investments during the year included remixing our headcount to increase client facing roles in both the Corporate Bank and the Community Bank. We also enhanced our payments capability, which have driven strong growth in purchase and prepaid card as well as a 13% increase year-over-year in credit card sales. And we continue to invest in our digital and mobile offerings as well as ongoing enhancements to our compliance and regulatory processes. These were good investments that helped drive our revenue growth in 2015 and they will make an even larger contribution in the future as they fully mature. While these investments including the addition of 60 senior bankers and our Corporate and Community Bank, as well as Pacific Crest Securities position us for growth. They offset some of the efficiency improvements made in other areas of our company last year. Importantly, we remain committed to further improvement and the targets that we have established. Credit quality remained a good story in 2015, but nonperforming loans down for the year and net charge-offs were 24 basis points, which is below our targeted range. We remain committed to strong risk management practices and staying true to our relationship focus. The final item on the slide is capital. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio remains strong at a 11%, which we believe positioned us well for the 2016 CCAR process. And we expect both share repurchases and a dividend increase to be part of the capital plans we will submit. I’m now moving to Slide 4, which provides some highlights of our announced acquisition of First Niagara. We continue to make good progress as we move toward our anticipated closing in the third quarter of this year. Under the leadership of Chris Gorman, we have established integration teams with some of the top talent from both Key and First Niagara. And these teams have been focused on developing detailed assessments and moving forward with our integration plans. As we move through these early stages, I’m even more confident and this being the right opportunity for Key and our ability to realize the cost savings. The combined company will generate attractive financial returns and create value for our shareholders and accelerates our progress towards becoming a high performing regional bank. And although not included in our financial projections, we will realize additional value from revenue synergies that will also add to the financial performance. We look forward to sharing more developments with you in the coming quarters as we move towards closing. Before I turn the call over to Don, I would like to close my remarks by saying that it was a good year for Key. We executed against our strategic and financial goals and took steps to accelerate our progress going forward. I’m proud of our team and of our performance. And I’m excited about the opportunities that we have ahead. Now I’ll turn the call over to Don to discuss the details of our fourth quarter results. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, and I’m on Slide 6. As Beth said, we had a good year finishing with fourth quarter net income from continuing operations of $0.27 per common share, this compared to $0.28 on the year-ago period and $0.26 in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, Key incurred $10 million of charges related to pension settlement in the acquisition of the First Niagara. The combined impact was $0.01 per common share. Excluding these items, net income from continuing operations was $0.28 per common share, the same as the year-ago quarter. However, it’s worth noting in comparison with the year-ago period that the current quarter includes $23 million in the higher provision expense, and $18 million in lower principal investing gains, giving us a strong finish to the year. Also that on the slide is our revenue growth. For the quarter, revenue was up 2% from the prior year, and up 3% from the prior quarter. For the full-year, Key had revenue growth of over 3%, reflecting the success we’ve had in growing our business. This revenue growth has allowed us to grow our pre-provision net revenues 5% year-over-year. I will cover the other items on the – within, rest of my presentations. I’m now turning it over to Slide 7. Average loan balances were up $3 billion or 5% compared to year-ago quarter, and up $295 million in the third quarter. Our year-over-year growth was once again driven primarily by commercial, financial, and agricultural loans, and it was broad-based across Key’s business lending segments. Average CF&A loans were up $3.7 billion or 14% compared to the prior year, and we’re $510 million or 2% on annualized in the third quarter. During the current quarter, we continue to generate strong customer growth that was muted by pay downs of lines through existing customers. Continuing on the Slide 8. On the liability side of the balance sheet, average deposits excluding deposits in foreign office totaled $71.5 billion for the fourth quarter of 2015, an increase of $2.3 billion compared to the year-ago quarter. The year-over-year increase is reflective of our growth in our commercial mortgage servicing business and inflows from commercial and consumer clients. Compared to the third quarter of 2015, average deposits excluding deposits in foreign office, increased by $1.5 billion. The growth was driven by both seasonal and short-term deposit inflows from commercial clients along with growth in NOW and money market deposit accounts and certificates of deposit. Turning to Slide 9. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $610 million for the fourth quarter of 2015. And the net interest margin was 2.87%. These results compared to taxable-equivalent net interest income of $588 million and a net interest margin of 2.94% for the fourth quarter of 2014. The increase in net interest income reflects higher earning asset balances, partially offset by lower earning asset yields, which also drove the decline in the net interest margin. Compared to the third quarter of 2015, taxable-equivalent net interest income increased by $12 million and the net interest margin was unchanged. The increase in net interest income and the stable net interest margin were attributable to higher earning asset yields, and loan fees. And while net interest margin was stable, it was negatively impacted by higher levels of excess liquidity driven by short-term commercial deposit growth. Slide 10 shows the summary of noninterest income, which accounted for 44% of our total revenues. Noninterest income in the fourth quarter was $485 million, down $5 million or a 1% from the prior year, and up $15 million or 3% from the prior quarter. A slight decrease from the prior year was attributed to lower net gains from principal investing of $18 million and $7 million of lower trust and investment services incomes reflecting market variability. These decreases were partially offset by $12 million increase in other income gains in our Real Estate Capital line of business. Along with growth in some of Key’s other core fee-based business including $4 million of higher cards and payments income and $4 million increase in mortgage servicing fees. Compared to last quarter, noninterest income improved by $15 million, most notably from higher investment banking and debt placement fees that marking a strong finish to a record year. Additionally, other income went higher once again related to the gains in Real Estate Capital. And corporate-owned life insurance increase reflecting normal seasonality. These items were offset by lower net gains in principal investing. Turning to Slide 11. As you can see on this slide, expense levels were elevated and reflected a number of moving pieces. I’ll start with the current quarter. Noninterest expense was $736 million, which included $20 million of charges consisting of $10 million of – excuse me, efficiency charges primarily related to branch closures and severance, $6 million of merger-related costs and $4 million of pension settlement expense. Next, compared to the fourth quarter of last year, our noninterest expenses up 5%, the increase was primarily attributed to $20 million of higher personnel costs, reflecting a $11 million increase in benefit cost. The investments in client-facing personnel cost across the company and higher severance expense. We also had a $6 million of merger-related cost. And finally linked quarter expenses were up 2% related $12 million of higher incentive compensation related to strong capital market performance and end of the year accruals, $6 million of merger-related cost incurred in the fourth quarter and $6 million of higher efficiency-related charges. These are partially offset by the lower pension settlement charge. Once again, the current quarter included elevated levels of expenses reflecting the cost noted above in normal seasonal trends. We would expect first quarter expense levels to be significantly lowered in the fourth quarter. Also we would expect the full-year 2016 expenses to be relatively stable with 2015, adjusted from merger-related costs. Turning to Slide 12. The net charge-offs were $37 million or 25 basis points of average total loans in the fourth quarter, which continues to be below our targeted range. In the fourth quarter provision for credit losses of $45 million, slightly above the level of charge-offs, reflecting current trends in our portfolio. Nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets were both down relative to the prior quarter and year-ago period. At December 31, 2015, our reserve for total losses represented 1.33% of period end loans, and 206% coverage of our nonperforming loans. It is also worth noting that our energy exposure is small, representing 2% of our total portfolio and it’s performed in line with our expectations. We’ve built reserves throughout the year, which currently represents 6% of outstanding loans. Turning to Slide 13. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio was strong at December 31 of 2015 at 10.95%. There were no share repurchases in the fourth quarter. For the full-year, we repurchased $460 million of common shares. We expect share repurchases and increase dividend to be included in our upcoming 2016 CCAR submission. Now moving on to Slide 14. For 2016 outlook, we’re providing guidance on a standalone Key operations. In 2016, we expect continue to drive positive operating leverage. Average loans should grow in the mid single-digit range as we benefit from the strength in our commercial businesses. We anticipate that net interest income growth in the low single-digit percentage range compared to 2015 without any benefit from higher interest rates. With the benefit of future rate increases, we would anticipate net interest income to be up in the mid single-digit range. It’s also important to note that we have assumed that deposit rates will increase with future rate increases. Noninterest income is expected to be up at mid single-digit percentage range for the year. This assumes continued strong improvement, investment banking and debt placement fees, as well as continued growth in cards and payments income. We’re also assuming very modest levels of principal investing gains for 2016. Full-year afforded expenses should be relatively stable 2015. We would expect to see normal seasonal trends and expenses where first quarter expense was down significantly from the fourth quarter level. Credit quality should remain a good story with net charge-offs below our targeted range of 40 basis to 60 basis points. We also expect provision levels to maintain a stable level of allowance to total loans. And finally we expect our dividend to increase in the second quarter to $0.85 per share. And the 2016 CCAR plans include both common share repurchases and an increased dividend. Our guidance excludes the impact of merger-related charges, as well the acquisition of First Niagara. If the acquisition closes in the third quarter as planned, we would expect EPS impact be a slight dilution of 1% to 2% in 2016 and accretive in 2017. With that I’ll close and turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we go to the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, this is Josh in for Ken. Can you just talk about what rate assumption do you include with that NII guidance with rates?
Don Kimble: Sure. Our assumptions would be to have two additional rate increases for 2016 both of which in the second half of the year and then the last of which toward the end of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then secondly, can you just talk to the ID pipeline and what you are seeing here in the outlook?
Chris Gorman: Sure, Josh, it’s Chris. As we look at our pipeline kind of across the Corporate Bank, our pipelines are very much in line with where they were a year-ago. And as Don mentioned, we had a record year last year. So we actually feel very good about our pipelines.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks a lot guys.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And next up to Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: Beth, just wanted to ask a question on something you mentioned during your prepared remarks. You mentioned that you are even more confident about the First Niagara deal after in terms of extracting cost savings. Could you give us a little bit of color in terms of the conversations or the progress that you have made after announcing the deal in terms of seeking about the future impact? And also with the progresses in terms of getting First Niagara ready to be embedded into your CCAR process?
Beth Mooney: Yes, Erika, I’d be glad to discuss that and I’ll let Don address the CCAR portion because he’s closer to that work than I am. And you are correct that I’m even more confident and we feel even stronger about the path and quality of what will be the value of this combined – of these combined company. On the cost savings, as you know we had targeted $400 million or approximately 40% of their cost. And while in early days, the integration teams have been identified and are working two-by-two to map out those plans and as we really understand the underlying cost structure particularly in technology, operations, vendor expense, there are significant savings in all of those areas that probably contribute to over 40% of that $400 million. So out of the gates as we look for the path, well, nothing is ever easy. We also see very real savings that are easy to garner and we’ll also be realized fairly, early within the debt time after our acquisition. We’re also looking at our complimentary business capabilities and revenue synergies that we continue to gain confidence about the value that will be created there. So, in all I do think you hear a continued tone of confidence, as well as a path forward that we feel strongly about.
Don Kimble: And as far as the CCAR process, we will be including First Niagara within assumed acquisition date in the third quarter as we’ve talked about before for the CCAR submission. We will be relying primarily on Key models in the past, and using the First Niagara information where we can to – run through our existing models as well. And so, we will show within the plan a separate amount for both First Niagara and Key in standalone basis, but the total CCAR plan will include the assumption that First Niagara is a part in the third quarter.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And really appreciate the color, the look forward color on the 2016 CCAR submission. And as we think about – the amount of common share repurchases, should we assume that – given that First Niagara is part of your two-year plan, that the 2016 be a buyback as it would be lighter than the up to $725 million that you had approved for 2015?
Don Kimble: I think it’s too early to assume that the absolute dollar amounts. So, what we do believe and do expect to see a significant portion of share buybacks, as well as an increase in our dividend for the 2016 CCAR, but we’ll have to work through that over the next several months and finalize those remaining details.
Erika Najarian: Okay. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will go to Scott Siefers with Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Scott Siefers: Just wanted to ask a question on overall loan growth. Now based on the guide for 2016, it looks like there are no hiccups or anything. But it just was a little caught off guard by the slowdown in the few categories and then the overall rate of loan growth in the fourth quarter. So, either Don or Beth, I was just hoping you could update us on your thoughts on overall loan demand trends you’re seeing et cetera.
Don Kimble: Sure. As far as the overall loan growth that if you look at the average balances, I would say on a year-over-year basis, we’re up 5%, we’re saying for next year mid single-digits. Pipelines remained strong. We had a very strong third quarter. And so, if you’re just looking at a period end balances, there clearly was some slowdown in the period end balances because of some temporary flows in and out during that subsequent period. But I would say that we’re continuing to see very strong growth in our commercial business. You will probably see some slower growth from Key and our commercial real estate area and that’s intentional as far as some of the credit disciplines we’re maintaining and backing off of some of the higher growth areas from a multifamily perspective and also adjusting our outlook as far as due to housing and few areas like that. So you could see a lot less construction loan activity from Key than you might be seeing from some of our peers.
Beth Mooney: And Scott, I would just follow-on with the notion that Don did say, we had an extremely strong third quarter and there are some variability quarter-to-quarter. But I think it was a good quarter and obviously a good year and when you look to our guidance for 2016 was mid-single-digit and continue to strengthen our commercial businesses. I look at that across the spectrum and continue to say this is an area of strength and where we have been investing in our senior bankers in order to drive growth through client acquisition.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. All right, that’s good color. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
John Pancari: A couple of questions here, back to First Niagara, just any thing about the updated macro environment or are there mid energy concerns here or just overall U.S. economics developments. Anything influencing your mark that you took that would make you have to revisit that?
Don Kimble: The marks that we’ll be taking will be done as of the close date. And so I would say that as what we’re experiencing, I don’t think there is any outsize risk from the marks on the First Niagara portfolio from a loan broker or others that would suggest any overall concerns there. But again we’ll finalize those toward the acquisition date and make sure that we have the appropriate evaluation within that time.
John Pancari: Okay. And then separately, I wanted to get your – and sorry if I missed this, but I wanted to get your updated thoughts on the manufacturing sector as it pertains to impacting loan growth as well as credit. I know we’ve seen some – the industrial space seen some pressure here and some banks have flagged, some incremental concern there, but wanted to get your updated thoughts. Thanks.
Chris Gorman:
– : So it certainly isn’t rosy. Growth is as I said probably 2%, but the companies are in good shape. They have a lot of cash and they are looking to do things strategically. Broadly, when you have sales of $17.5 million cars and trucks at retail that has a positive impact on what business banking clients, middle market clients and other clients because a lot of the folks obviously are part of the supply chain.
John Pancari: Okay. And then lastly just going back to the strong 3Q, you said that you saw in loan growth. So is it fair to think – fair to focus more on the end of period balances here as we model out in terms of the real trends we’re seeing in loan growth?
Don Kimble: I don’t know that I would want to stay on the period end balances, but it happens to work out this quarter that if you look at our average balances in the fourth quarter they are lower than the period end. So if we continue that kind of momentum going forward, it would imply a mid-single-digit kind of year-over-year growth. So I would say that’s a reflect of this quarter but not necessarily every quarter.
John Pancari: Yes, got it. All right, thanks, Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go to David Eads with UBS. Please go ahead.
David Eads: Hi, good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
David Eads: Curious to get any color you guys might have on what you are seeing in the energy vertical and in your capital market business in terms of where people are going for capital, where the discussions are, whether the people – whether you guys are involved in restructuring discussions or asset yield discussion, just kind of what the state of play from where you stand is there?
Chris Gorman: So, this is Chris. I think the answer is all the above. I think depending on where in sort of the capital stack companies are clearly the amount of high yield debt that was raised when the cycle first started to turn over, that has dissipated the amount of private equity that has come in, I think that has started to dissipate. And I do think people are looking at asset sales, whole company sales and other forms of restructuring. So I think with oil trading $26 or $27 a barrel, I think people are looking at all options. And we are part of those discussions.
David Eads: Has there been a change to the percentage of capital raised potential, the balance sheet, I think it dipped a little bit in brief. I’m just curious where that shook out in 4Q?
Chris Gorman: The actual capital raised in the oil and gas sector was actually down in the fourth quarter.
David Eads: If you give a number more broadly for sorry little bit unclear on the broader business?
Chris Gorman: I’m sorry, broadly what – for the year in our capital – in our entire Corporate Bank platform we’ve raised $57 billion across all the verticals and about $9.3 billion or say 16% actually went on to our balance sheet.
David Eads: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Ramsey with FBR. Please go ahead.
Bob Ramsey: Hey, good morning everyone. Credit trends looked good and all the numbers I see out there, I’m just curious as you guys think about credit, if you are incrementally more or less cautious, maybe a quarter or a year-ago?
Bill Hartmann: Bob, this is Bill Hartmann. I think as we look at credit in our portfolio, we have a very, very granular portfolio which is one of the ways that we like to balance things out. I would pick up on Chris’s comments about the general overall trend in our low growth economy. We’re being diligent to look for any signs of weakness. And what we’re seeing is really reflective in Chris’s comments, which is there are certain sectors where we’re seeing weakness. But overall the trends that we’re showing in our numbers, say that the overall portfolio quality remains high.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. And I guess sectors, where you are seeing weakness, I know you mentioned manufacturing a little bit, but beyond that and maybe energy, where else we’ll be seeing some weakness?
Bill Hartmann: We’re not seeing any weakness per se, but we have been cautious for a while now in talking about multifamily and being conscious about where we invest and how we do that, and then student housing was another area.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: And next we go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Don…
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: You mentioned that – on the other commercial lending areas, those balances obviously are down and you guys are sticking to your credit disciplines, there’s been some talk about the multifamily and student loan housing markets that you’re seeing some weakness. Can you share with us some of the underwriting criteria that you’re seeing out there, that makes you hesitant to get involved or is it just overbuilding that has you concerned in these markets?
Chris Gorman: Gerard, it’s Chris. We look at a lot of metrics. You can start with some of the cap rates and they range from in large gateway cities 5%, in some instances even 4%. And those were sort of priced to perfection. We spend a lot of time looking at what the rent to wage ratio is, i.e. the affordability of these Class A multifamily apartment buildings. Those are some of the metrics we look out. And then we also spend a lot of time looking at what people are doing out in the market, how far out are they going, are they doing non-recourse loans. What percent of our book for example is non-stabilized? We’re now down to 13% of our total commitments in real estate are non-stabilized. So those are some of the metrics we’re looking at.
Gerard Cassidy: And Chris, when you mentioned the cap rates of 4% to 5% price to perfection, what do you guys more comfortable with even with that specific metric of a cap rate?
Chris Gorman: It’s really – you’d have to look at market-by-market and really what the opportunity is. But I can tell you when you get to a 4% cap rate that has built into those assumptions that it’ll lease up – that it will lease up quickly and you will be able to get rent increases going forward. And we just think that – we just think that those are a lot of variables.
Gerard Cassidy: And just finally on this commercial real estate, have you guys seen any evidence, the regulators came out late last year with concerns about the commercial real estate market underwriting? Is there any evidence yet that’s sinking into banks to kind of be a little more conservative?
Chris Gorman: We are seeing that in the marketplace, I am – we – of course we’re familiar with the sort of prudent lending memo that came out I think in the fourth quarter. E.J. is sitting next to me. I think the last time the regulators sent out such a memo in real estate it was when?
E.J. Burke: 2005.
Chris Gorman: 2005. And so I think – we actually think the regulators are right. We think the market is a little hot in certain areas and that’s why by strategy we’ve been really toggling more to agent from principal.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And then my final question is, in the Community Bank, you guys show the assets and the management dropped, I think 13% maybe year-over-year. Can you just give us some color on what’s going on in that part of the business?
E.J. Burke: This is E.J. Burke. Included in that – in the $39 billion from 2014, is a sub line of business that we call institutional asset services. And in that business there is a securities lending function, which has been – is not something we’ve been growing. We had a couple clients exit so about $4 billion of that drop were two clients that left, that we’re doing now – we are doing even securities lending form. Not much. You’ll note that our – the drop in our – the difference in our trust and investment services revenue wasn’t nearly that big.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next we’ll go to Terry McEvoy with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Terry McEvoy: Hi, good morning.
Don Kimble: Hey, Terry.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Terry McEvoy: Hi. Don, you talked about higher deposit rates in your NIM outlook. Could you provide maybe your deposit data assumption? Do they differ at all by region? And how that would compare to past cycles?
Don Kimble: Yes, that – what our base assumption is we’re about a 55% deposit beta, and there isn’t a whole lot of fluctuation by region, that’s more of a general assumption. It does get more granular at the product level, so we would use that. And essentially what we have included in our guidance is our assumptions here include the outlook that our deposit rates would increase that same deposit beta level for future rate increases. And so there is some potential opportunity there, if that would lag initially.
Terry McEvoy: Okay. And then just a follow-up for Beth. Every time I read my hometown newspaper in Western New York, it seems like a politician or a business leader is saying something against the First Niagara deal. And I guess my question is, is this type or was this expected? Is a little bit more than you expected? And could there be any additional costs or concessions that you have to make to get the deal done in terms of expenses and/or divestitures of branches and deposits?
Beth Mooney: Yes, Terry. It is clearly an area where it is a large acquisition in an environment where there have not been many significant acquisitions in the last several years. So it has garnered a fair amount of intention – attention, but we have been very diligent and consistent in our outraged community leaders and public officials and I believe we’re having very, very constructive dialogue. In part, Key is a very good partner for this franchise and as we look at the story, we have to tell in our long-standing track record in community investment, community development, a straight CRA outstanding ratings which no other top banking company has ever received. I think we’ve gone a long way to setting a very constructive town for the kind of neighbor, the kind of bank and the kind of partner we will be. So we’ve made a lot of commitment, not only about achieving our financial targets, but also about doing the right things for clients, employees, communities and shareholders. And I believe that we’re obviously in the process with the Department of Justice, who will make the determinations on the divestiture numbers. And working through our plans and our progress and I think we will be a good and significant partner and good for those communities and those customers.
Terry McEvoy: Thank you for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next we will go to Matt O’Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O’Connor: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Matt O’Connor: As we think about the expense progression throughout the year, should we expect any meaningful lumpiness? Stable for the full-year, but first half on a year-over-year basis, for second half on a year-over-year basis, should be relatively stable I guess for both periods?
Don Kimble: Yes, that, just from a seasonal tend our first quarter trends to be our lowest point as far as expense levels and so we would expect a meaningful or if we said significant reduction from our fourth quarter level. Then you would typically expect the fourth quarter to be one of the higher quarters as far as the expenses. So I think you would see a similar trend overall as far as the expense levels. Keep in mind, that first quarter of last year our investment banking and debt placement fees were low, and so our incentive compensation would have been low last year compared to probably what you would expect in the first quarter of next year, because we would expect to have a nice increase in investment banking and debt placement fees for the first quarter compared to a year-ago.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. Don, that partially answer the question. I guess, what I’m trying to get out is, as we think about keeping expenses flat, do we see some increase on the year-over-year basis in the first half of the year, and then some of the efficiencies kick in, in the back half of the year. You kind of just said 1Q might be up on a year-over-year because of the incentives. But just conceptually kind of first half, second half?
Don Kimble: Yes, I would say that our expense initiatives are continuous throughout the year. So I don’t think there is going to be any lumpiness there. I think, as you just repeated we would expect first quarter expenses in 2016 to be higher than 2015 reflecting the overall performance outlook expectations, higher revenue during that quarter from those business lines.
Matt O’Connor: Okay, all right thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from David Durst with Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead.
David Durst: Hi, Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
David Durst: Could you speak to the continuous improvement program and where do you think you are on percentage of completion and month of those expenses could be for the year?
Don Kimble: Continuous improvement I hope we’re never done. So this is something that we believe, this is part of our culture and continue to focus on that. And we’ve just implemented a number of areas which created some of the charges we’ve had in the fourth quarter as it relates to our private banking area and restructuring. And so that’s just one example of where we do deeper dives in the specific areas, looking from everything from the customer interface all the way through to the back office and making sure that we’re designing that in a way that can be more effective with that customer interaction, but also more efficient for us from a cost perspective. So we would expect to see ongoing opportunities at a similar size of what we’ve been experiencing this year.
David Durst: Okay, and then on the private investing gains, what’s your outlook for those this year and then what’s the balance of that portfolio?
Don Kimble: The principal investing gains as we showed was zero for the current quarter that our outlook is, show very modest levels of gains for next year. So it would be a smaller level than clearly what we had throughout this year. And the current balance is around $300 million of investments, and so we would see reductions from that balance just because we are about $450 million starting the year. So we’re down about two-thirds the level we were a year-ago.
David Durst: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next we go to Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please go ahead.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. Chris, I want to ask you, you did a really good job with debt placement investment banking this quarter, given all the disruptions in the marketplace. Didn’t really expect you to be able to can just blow through that like it had no impact, are there anything that you see on the horizon or anything that’s been happening that would put any pressure on a sense of being able to pull those deals through?
Chris Gorman: Sure, Marty. Obviously, we like everybody else are subjected to the markets, and to the extent that the markets would continue as they have been in the last two weeks or three weeks. Our ability to pull through our pipeline, the yield to our pipeline would be less. We are really proud of the way we navigated what was a very choppy fourth quarter in the debt markets. So we’re really pleased that we’ve been able to distribute all the paper that we had. But to your point, if we were to face very, very choppy markets going forward, that would have an impact in the first place as you would see the impact would be in the M&A area, and also you’d see obviously a related impact in the financing areas.
Marty Mosby: Then while the investment banking debt placement was good, trust and your investment was down in what typically be an upturn kind of in the back end of the year. Don, I was just curious was that all market value-related, and would we see further impacts as you move into the first quarter given the first couple of weeks and compression we’ve seen in a market valuations?
Don Kimble: The impact there really was in two areas. One is that, some of that is commission revenue and revenue was down this quarter, reflecting some of the market related activities. And then the other piece was that we did see some pressure on asset value, which created some pressure on the revenues there. First quarter is not off to a great start as far as asset values. And so I think that’s an area that would continue to have some pressure throughout 2016, but our guidance – that mid single-digit kind of growth reflected seeing some pressure in that area.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
Operator: And we will go to Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Elliott: Thanks for taking the question. I’m – I guess that it feels like some companies are starting to get a bit more nervous on the credit outlook. So what are the early indicators that you typically look at to get a sense of what that credit might be turning, a few quarters out, and how they performing?
Bill Hartmann: Geoffrey, this is Bill Hartmann. So, in our portfolio monitoring activities we have a number of different metrics that we look at that we refer to as early warning indicators. Some of them are macro and we take a look at how those macro indicators might impact our portfolios by industry, and by region. And then we also look at the performance of the companies themselves, and in the conversations that our bankers are having about the way that the companies prepare themselves for changes in the economic environment. As Chris mentioned, one of the things that we’re noticing and have noticed for a while is that many of these companies are being very conservative by carrying larger amounts of cash which show up in the deposits that we have. And there also the growth in loans is not necessarily been with the customers that we have, because they’re not going at it investing in an environment that’s only growing at 2% to 3%.
Marty Mosby: So I understand that you’re saying that you think the higher cash balances give you more protection – higher cash balances at corporate give you more protection than you would have had in prior corporate cycle, that’s kind of the message you’re trying to get across?
Don Kimble: Yes, I think what we’re saying is that the customers themselves still remember the last cycle. And liquidity became extremely important in the way in which they manage themselves through a cycle. And so by carrying a larger cash balances it gives them more of an ability to manage their companies successfully through the cycle, which benefits us in their ability to survive.
Marty Mosby: Great. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Next we go to Peter Winter with Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Peter Winter: Don, just one has housekeeping item. The FDIC deposit insurance surcharge, just wondering I know it’s proposed but what the impact would be for you guys?
Don Kimble: There would be a slight impact that it wouldn’t be significant to the overall expense base.
Peter Winter: Okay. Is that included in the 4Q?
Don Kimble: It would be in our guidance. Yes.
Peter Winter: Got it. And then just a question for E.J. just on the Community Bank with – just wondering if you could talk about the loan trends and what you’re seeing in small business loan demand?
E.J. Burke: For small business?
Peter Winter: Yes.
E.J. Burke: I would turn that to my partner Dennis Devine, he has a small business. I can talk to commercial banking, which is kind of our lower end and middle market.
Peter Winter: Okay.
Dennis Devine: I’ll take the rest.
E.J. Burke: Okay. Both, we’ll let – first of all in the commercial banking segment we had a very good quarter from a loan production standpoint, and then for the year we’ve had good loan growth. We did see some clients pay us down in the quarter. They didn’t pay as off, they just paid us down. And digging beneath those numbers and talking to clients, we found that, as Bill alluded to earlier, they’re carrying higher cash balances paying us down. So we feel pretty good going into the year around our pipelines. And then finally, the last thing I’d say is that we’ve talked for the past couple of quarters about the fact that we’ve hired a number of bankers across the franchise. Those bankers are ramping up and we’re starting to see a good production and new client acquisition from those bankers. Dennis?
Dennis Devine: Small business would be comparable. The sentiment would be about the same. The – our production has been up a little bit, as much focused around our execution of anything else. The ability to deliver to small business clients is important. And so both the capabilities of our branches, our business banking [indiscernible] and some centralized capabilities we’ve brought to market. So you see some year-over-year production increases against a relatively stable outlook as both E.J. and Chris have spoken to.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks, very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we’ll go to Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Matt Burnell: Good morning. Thank for taking my questions. Again just an administrative question I guess on the oil and gas portfolio, you’ve mentioned what’s your outstanding exposures are. I’m curious what’s your commitments in that sector might be? And whether or not they’ve changed much over the last quarter or last 12 months?
Bill Hartmann: This is Bill Hartmann. So our total commitments to the sector are approximately $3 billion. They have been coming down slightly over the last 12 months or so. I think that’s your question.
Matt Burnell: Yes. Thanks, very much. And then Beth, I know that your commentary about the initial days of the planning for the First Niagara acquisition. And I guess I’m just curious, maybe it’s a matter of just – a little bit of color. But are you suggesting that there could be, if not just cost savings above the $400 million that you’ve targeted, perhaps a faster ramp up of the cost savings? And are you suggesting that your level of confidence in terms of the potential revenue synergies is better than you guided when you announced the deal?
Beth Mooney: Yes, Matt. I’ll go ahead and talk about that. I do believe that our confidence in the cost savings both the path for some of the timing, as I talked about some of third-party vendor contracts, their technology and operations largely being in an outsourced world gives us a fair amount of certainty around the cost, as well as ability to realize savings in early days of the integration. And as we look at our detailed planning, which again is still early days, but our planning would suggest. We believe that there are more opportunities over and above the $400 million. So just in general as we firm up path and plans I think we’re feeling stronger and better. And as we look at the revenue synergies, we quoted in our call that we had in late October around $300 million in revenue synergies was the numbers that we had put out there, obviously with some offsetting costs on that numbers something less than that around $200 million. And I think what we’re really seeing is more confidence around the places in the way that we would realize those revenue synergies. We see the complementary nature of our business models they are accelerating our compliance within the mortgage space. And as we’d look generally around the cultures and the product capabilities and their client base, we see – are getting more confident about the path on the revenue synergies.
Matt Burnell: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go to Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Kevin Barker: Just a follow-up on the energy question. What is the percentage of criticized assets that you have in your energy portfolio at this time?
Don Kimble: We have about 31% of our energy assets are criticized.
Kevin Barker: Great. And then a follow-up on some of your comments regarding commercial real estate and some of the regulatory concerns. Could you help us, just give us a little more color around what sectors and what regions of the country you are seeing particular softness or just froth in general regarding commercial real estate?
Chris Gorman: Sure, this is Chris. Specifically Kevin we’re really focused on multifamily Class A multifamily. And some of the areas that we’ve identified or places like Houston, Raleigh, D.C., Boston, Denver, Seattle, just to name a few.
Kevin Barker: Are you seeing anything in regards to hotel sector or even retail?
Chris Gorman: We don’t participate in the hotel sector, so that’s not something we focus on.
Kevin Barker: And then what about regards to retail?
Chris Gorman: Retail is not a big part of our business either. So we’re not really – what we’re really most dialed in on in terms of areas of concern is really the froth in the multifamily area.
Kevin Barker: Okay. All right, thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: And with that we have no further questions in queue.
Beth Mooney: All right, thank you, operator. And again to all, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221 and that concludes our remarks. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-15 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Don Kimble - Chief Financial Officer Chris Gorman - President, Corporate Banking E.J. Burke - Co-President, Community Banking Dennis Devine - Co-President, Community Banking Bill Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Scott Siefers - Sandler O’Neill John Pancari - Evercore ISI Bill Carcache - Nomura Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Bob Ramsey - FBR Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Sameer Gokhale - Janney Capital Markets Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Eads - UBS Gerard Cassidy - RBC David Durst - Guggenheim Securities Terry McEvoy - Stephens
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the KeyCorp’s Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Joining me for today’s presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; and available for the Q&A portion of the call is Chris Gorman, President of our Corporate Bank; E.J. Burke, and Dennis Devine, Co-Presidents of our Community Bank; and Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I’m now turning to Slide 3. We had another good quarter with earnings per share of $0.26, which was up $0.03 versus the year ago period. The $0.26 per share compares to $0.27 in the second quarter, which did not include the $19 million or $0.01 per share of cost related to the pension charge that was incurred in the quarter. We generated positive operating leverage relative to the same quarter last year, driven by a 7% increase in revenue, along with well-managed expenses. Revenue reflects growth in new and expanded relationships across our company, which drive both net interest income as well as our fee-based businesses. We had another solid quarter of loan growth, with average balances up 6% from the prior year, driven by a 15% increase in commercial, financial, and agricultural loans. Loan balances increased in both the Community Bank and the Corporate Bank. On the fee side, we saw positive momentum in our core businesses, including investment banking and debt placement fees, corporate services income, and cards and payments. Results relative to the prior quarter reflect higher net interest income and lower investment banking and debt placement revenue. Investment banking and debt placement fees are variable in nature and were solid this quarter, however, lower than our record second quarter results. Expenses, excluding the pension settlement charge, were also lower than the previous quarter. Credit quality continues to be strong, with a net charge-off ratio of 27 basis points, well below our targeted range. Nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets moved lower in the quarter. We continue to execute on our relationship strategy and to be disciplined with credit structure and terms. Capital remains a strength of our company with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.5%. In the third quarter, we repurchased $123 million of common stock. Overall, we are pleased with the quarter and believe that we are positioned for a good finish to the year. Our results continue to demonstrate the successful execution of our business model, which has allowed us to continue to add and expand client relationships and to grow revenue. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Don to discuss the details of our third quarter. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, and I’m on Slide 5. As Beth said, we had a good quarter with net income from continuing operations of $0.26 per common share, up $0.03 from a year-ago period and at the same level as last quarter after adjusting for the pension settlement charge. Our cash efficiency ratio for the quarter was 66.9% or 65.2% adjusting for the pension expense. Not on this slide, but worth noting, our pre-provision net revenue is up over 17% from last year and up 8% year to date. This improvement reflects our success in growing our business, while staying focused on expenses. I’ll cover the other line items in the rest of my presentation, so I’m now turning to Slide 6. We saw solid loan growth this quarter with average loan balances up $3.5 billion or 6% compared to the year-ago quarter and up $1.3 billion from the second quarter. Our year-over-year growth was once again driven primarily by commercial, financial, and agricultural loans, and was broad-based across Key’s business lending segments. Average CF&A loans were up $3.9 billion or 15% compared to the prior year, and were up $1.4 billion or 5% unannualized from the second quarter. Continuing on to Slide 7, on the liability side of the balance sheet, average deposits excluding deposits in foreign office totaled $70 billion for the third quarter, an increase of $2.2 billion compared to the year ago quarter. The increase came from higher balances from our commercial mortgage servicing business and inflows from commercial and consumer clients. These increases were partially offset by a decline in certificates of deposit. Compared to the second quarter of 2015, average deposits excluding deposits in foreign office decreased by $278 million. The decrease was driven by an expected decline in short term non-interest-bearing deposit balances from commercial clients as well as lowered certificates of deposit balances. This decline was partially offset by increases in NOW and money market deposit accounts. Turning to Slide 8, taxable-equivalent net interest income was $598 million for the third quarter of 2015 and the net interest margin was 2.87%. These results compared to taxable-equivalent net interest income of $581 million and a net interest margin of 2.96% for the third quarter of last year. The increase in net interest income reflects higher earning asset balances, moderated by lower earning asset yields, which also drove the decline in net interest margin. Compared to the second quarter of 2015, taxable-equivalent net interest income increased by $7 million and the net interest margin was essentially unchanged. The increase in net interest income and the relatively stable net interest margin were primarily attributable to improvement in earning asset mix, partly offset by a slightly lower earning asset yield and loan fees. One additional day in the third quarter also contributed to the increase in net interest income. Our outlook for the fourth quarter is net interest margin to remain relatively stable with the third quarter level. Slide 9 shows a summary of non-interest income, which accounted for 44% of our total revenue. Non-interest income in the third quarter was $470 million, up $53 million or 13% from the prior year and down $18 million or 4% from the prior quarter. The increase from the prior year was attributable to the strength in Key’s core fee-based businesses which included a full quarter impact of the September 2014 acquisition of Pacific Crest Securities. The improvement in our core businesses from the prior year included $21 million of higher investment banking debt placement fees, an increase of $15 million in corporate services income, and $9 million of higher trust and investment services income. Cards and payments income was also up due to higher credit card and merchant fees. Compared to last quarter, non-interest income declined by $18 million due to the decline in investment banking debt placement fees related to our record second quarter levels. We expect to meet our full year guidance of mid-single digit growth in non-interest income. The largest contributor this year has been the investment banking and debt placement fees. Fourth quarter is historically a strong quarter for this business and once again based on the current pipelines and market conditions, we expect a strong finish to the year. Turning to Slide 10, non-interest expense for the third quarter was $724 million, up $18 million from the year ago period and up $13 million from the second quarter. Personnel costs increased $21 million year over year, reflecting our investment in senior bankers across the company, higher performance based compensation related to our strong capital markets businesses, and a full quarter impact of the September 2014 acquisition of Pacific Crest Securities. Non-personal expenses remain relatively stable as lower occupancy costs offset an increase in business services and professional fees. Compared to the second quarter, non-interest expense increased by $13 million. This increase included a $19 million pension settlement charge, $7 million increase in salaries reflecting the increased number of business days, offset by $6 million of lower occupancy cost and $6 million of lower incentive and stock compensation related to the lower capital markets revenues. Our expense guidance for the year remains unchanged. Reflecting our current quarter pension charge, we would expect to come in towards the higher end of a relatively stable range which is defined as plus or minus 2%. For the fourth quarter, I would expect expenses to be roughly in line with the third quarter excluding the pension charge. Turning to Slide 11, net charge-offs were $41 million or 27 basis points of average total loans in the third quarter, which continues to be well below our target range. In the third quarter provision for credit losses of $45 million, slightly above the level of net charge-offs, which reflects the current trends in our portfolio in our continued loan growth. Non-performing loans and non-performing assets were both down relative to the prior quarter and year ago period and criticized loans have been relatively stable. At September 30, our reserve for loan losses represented 1.31% of period end loans and a 198% coverage of our non-performing loans. Turning to Slide 12, our common equity Tier 1 ratio was strong at September 30 at 10.51%. As Beth mentioned, we repurchased $123 million in common shares in the third quarter as part of our 2015 capital plan. Importantly, our capital plans reflect our commitment to remaining disciplined and managing our strong capital position. Moving on to Slide 13, we expect to be within our guidance ranges we have provided for 2015. Average loans should grow in the mid single digit range as we benefit from the strength in our commercial businesses. We expect full-year net interest income growth in the low single digit range which does not anticipate any increase in interest rates. Non-interest income should be in line with our outlook for mid-single digit growth. Non-interest expense will likely be toward the higher end of our guidance range reflecting the pension settlement charge this quarter. Credit quality should remain a good story with net charge-offs below our targeted range of 40 basis points to 60 basis points. We also expect provision to approximate net charge-offs. And finally, we expect to continue to execute on our share repurchase authorization consistent with our capital plan. With that, I’ll close and turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First, we go to the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JP Morgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Looking at the $725 million of approved buybacks in the 2015 capital plan, if I annualize what you guys have done over the last two quarters, it looks like you’re buying back at a level that’s about $100 million less than what you could be buying back, if you look at the full cycle. So Don, are we expecting a ramp in buybacks in the coming quarters or is there something else going on here that we should be paying attention to?
Don Kimble: The one thing that’s not clear from that is, is that each year in the first quarter we have shares that are issued in connection with employee benefit plans, and that allow us to buyback additional shares. And so we have a heightened level of share buybacks in that first quarter of each year. And keep in mind that the $725 million will represent five quarters as opposed to just the four quarters.
Steven Alexopoulos: And if I can ask one unrelated follow-up Don, you guys are obviously an asset sensitive bank. If the Fed does not move rates this year and it looks like low for longer is here to stay, would you guys take action to reduce asset sensitivity, convert some potential earnings into real earning, or do you just maintain this position no matter how long the Fed sits at zero?
Don Kimble: We take a look at that frequently throughout the year and try to reassess what’s the appropriate position for us. In the past and we’ve called this wrong, we continue to expect that interest rates would be going up, say 12 months down the road, and we haven’t seen that yet. And so we’ll continue to reassess and we have the flexibility to manage that overall rate risk position fairly quickly with the change in interest rate swap position.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Siefers with Sandler O’Neill.
Scott Siefers: Don, just a couple of quick questions on expenses. First, I want be make sure I’m clear on the fourth quarter guidance. So are we done with the pension settlement charges for the year or will there be more in the fourth quarter? And then sort of a follow-on on cost broadly is, it’s going to come in within your range, but towards the higher end. I wonder if you could just talk about the nuance of that, is some of the pressure if we were to ex out the pension noise, is that coming from the investment banking revenue base, just coming in stronger than you might have expected it at the beginning of the year? In other words, what’s behind the overall expense level in your mind?
Don Kimble: As far as the pension charge, last year in the fourth quarter, we had about a $3 million charge related to the pension settlement, and so we would expect a nominal level again here in the fourth quarter, but that should not be nearly the size of the $19 million we experienced this quarter. As far as our guidance range, we have said it's been relatively stable. And so, if you back out the pension charge, we’re up about 1% year over year, which I think is relatively stable. And to your point, we have seen some pretty strong investment banking fees, and our expense model is fairly variable to reflect the impact of those revenues. With the pension charge and with an outlook for the fourth quarter to be consistent with the third quarter level, we still think that we’re going to be in that plus or minus 2%, even though it'd be toward the higher end of that range.
Scott Siefers: If I could switch gears really quick and maybe if Chris is on the line, if he could just speak in a bit more of a detail on the investment banking pipeline, it sounds like you guys are still pretty pleased, even in spite the strength you’ve had year to date, just wondered if you can just give a little more color behind it. And then maybe to the extent that you can sort of square expectations for a strong finish for the year with just some of the broader dislocation we are seeing in the capital markets?
Chris Gorman: Sure, Scott. I’d be happy to. So as we look at our pipelines, we would characterize our pipelines as being strong. The other thing that is interesting is our pipelines, although we don't report by segment, our pipelines in our M&A business are up and as we talked about before, those revenues have a tendency to pull through other revenues, so that's another reason that we feel good about our pipeline. The other thing that we’ve said before about our business model that I think is really important is when there is a little bit of dislocation in the market, we feel like that's a great opportunity for us because there are certain shops that are focused on one product, the ability to go to one market. And as we think about serving our clients and we can look broadly across markets, we think when there is a little dislocation and everything isn't flashy and green, that's a nice opportunity for us to really come in and serve our clients.
Operator: Our next question is from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: On the loan growth, on the C&I side, just wanted to see if you can give us a little bit more granularity on the drivers, because it was exceptionally strong this quarter and then also just how do you think about that going into fourth quarter and into 2016 to stay at that pace?
Chris Gorman: So a couple of things. We spend a lot of time looking at where the growth is coming from. Interestingly, as we look back in the corporate bank, it’s a $3 billion of growth that we’ve had year over year, about 80% of that has come from new clients. So our model is resonating, we’re out there, we captured on a year to date basis a significant number of new clients, specifically 587 new clients, and as we look at our model, that’s where most of the growth is coming from. The other thing that’s interesting about our model is in spite of the fact that we’re getting a lot of the loan growth only in, in this quarter, only about 13% of the total capital that we raised actually went on to our balance sheet. So we feel a couple of things. One, we’re doing a good job in terms of growing share and secondly, we have the ability to be selective and to go to the right market in terms of growing our balance sheet.
E.J. Burke: On the Community Bank side, we have achieved a lot of loan growth simply because we have more bankers than we did at this point last year. We have made a significant investment in commercial bankers, putting more feet on the street and we’re starting to see dividends coming from those investments.
Chris Gorman: E.J., that’s very good and in both the corporate and community bank, we’ve increased our senior bankers by over 10% and I think we’ve had a little more than 60 people across the company in this area and it’s been an area of focus and we have seen very good returns on those new hires as well.
John Pancari: And then lastly, on the expense side again, I appreciate the guidance that you have given there in terms of growth, but help us just think about how we can look at the efficiency ratio? In the [66%] range here, I know you have provided a low 60%s expectation previously, where can we get to in this lower for longer rate environment and how long can it take to see it reach the low 60%s range?
Don Kimble: Great question and you are right that we've seen the efficiency ratio holding there around 65% for the last few quarters. I would say that's really reflecting a couple of things. One is that this year’s earnings stream is much more core in nature, we haven't had as much in the way of principal investing gains and leverage lease termination gains like we had last year. And so this year's growth is coming from new customer acquisition and customer related fee income. Second, as we talked before, we are making a number of investments and so we are cutting cost to be able to afford the new investments. And one of the areas we just mentioned with the addition of 60 new senior bankers throughout the franchise and those investments are fairly immature. And so as they mature, we will start to see that translate to efficiency ratio improvement over time. Keep in mind too that's just one measure for us. If you look at our positive operating leverage we've achieved for the first nine months of this year, it's a 2% positive operating leverage. So our revenue growth exceeds our expense growth by 2%. If I just look at our peer banks, which is 12 banks through June 30, we don't have one bank that has higher than a positive operating leverage of 2%. And so we think that we are doing a good job of managing the bottom line from that perspective and growing our core. We still think over the next couple of years we can drive that efficiency ratio from the 65% level down in the lower 60%s. And hopefully if rates do ever come through, that can help us go back down into the 50%s as well. But I think what you're going to need to see is more maturity of some of the investments we are making and have that translate to improvements in the overall efficiency going forward.
John Pancari: So you can get to the low 60%s, barring anything out of the Fed?
Don Kimble: That's correct.
Operator: And next we’ll go to Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache: Don, can you put the – I wanted to revisit the pension settlement charges again. Could you put in context for us how much more there is to go in terms of future charges to future periods?
Don Kimble: Essentially what happens here is that based on the accounting rules that we have a threshold established based on the interest rate component of our pension expense. And so with rates being so low, that hurdle for this year was $32 million of lump-sum distribution. And as soon as we go over that, it triggers a settlement loss. And so if rates remain at this low level for a long period of time, there is risk that we can continue to see that in the third or fourth quarter of subsequent years. But at this point in time, it's difficult for us to predict when that would occur and how.
Bill Carcache: Looking at your 10-K at the end of last year, it looked like the pension plan was under funded by about $250 million. Does that suggest you'd, in theory, have $250 million in charges if the plan participants elected to receive their benefits in a lump-sum? Is that effectively how that works? And it's not being done all up front now so it's happening slowly over time. I'm just trying to think through of trying to just isolate what the magnitude of the impact could be?
Don Kimble: You're right, there is exposure there, but what will have to happen is each of those participants would have to retire and then each of them will have to have a lump-sum distribution, otherwise you could see that $250 million being recognized over a 30 plus year time period. So difficult to predict exactly what people will select and the timing of that recognition.
Beth Mooney: I would just add that it is, as Don accurately point out, a function of the interest rate environment. If you also look at our STE line, this charge has been triggered for the last couple of years related to our significant repositioning of our workforce which we have brought down over the last several years. And we have, as you've heard, we've been adding to client facing and senior bankers, but overall we've been bringing down our headcount. So that remixing and reduction in headcount is also triggering the opportunity for people to make those elections as they exit. So it really takes both of them to happen in order for us to incur a charge.
Bill Carcache: If I may, finally, one question on funding, Don, your loan growth, as you've discussed, looks quite solid and nothing seems to be getting in the way of that from what we can see this quarter. We did see that your loan growth outpaced your deposit growth and that's also consistent with what we started to see at the HA level. So an initial look at your loan to deposit ratio suggests that you guys have some room for that to continue while still remaining core funded. But we now also have to think about LCR when we think about that loan to deposit ratio. Can you discuss, A, how you think about the remaining core funded in the context of the loan to deposit ratio and how LCR fits in, and, B, discuss whether the fact that loan growth is now outpacing deposit growth is having an impact on how you're managing the business?
Don Kimble: As far as our loan growth exceeding deposit growth, we've been talking about that for a period of time because we expect that to be an area that help us see a little bit more stable net interest margin and you are right that we are still below where we would target as far as our loan to deposit ratio long term. And so I think that is an area that we can continue to manage up. If you look at the LCR and at the end of the third quarter, we were north of 100%. So our requirement is to be at 90% plus range in the first quarter of next year. So we think that we are well positioned from that perspective. And I also like to note that in the third quarter we did see some of the more short-term focused deposits leave the bank and that will put some additional pressure on a linked quarter basis as far as the deposits being down slightly compared to the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: First question just on provision expense. I totally get the charge-offs are going to stay below your guidance and there's a lot of room underneath that 40 basis points to 60 basis points. But when I look at provision expenses, ticked up, I think, six quarters in a row. Still very, very low, so I'm not implying any credit problems. But when we think about the go-forward over the next year, given the loan growth, given the reserve ratios trended basically remains pretty low and continues to decline, are we at a point where we should expect going from say a 27 base point charge-off and hence a similar provision to something up closer to the 40 basis points to 60 basis points? I'm just trying to get a sense, does provision continue to tick up from here?
Don Kimble: Ken, I’ll take a first crack at that and then ask Bill Hartmann to chip in as well. If you look at the charge-offs, the change over the last four quarters really has been in the level of recovery, the actual gross charge-offs are pretty flat over the last five or six quarters. And so we haven't seen much change from that. The recoveries are down primarily in the commercial category and that just reflects that we haven't been replenishing the inventory, which is good as far as problem assets [indiscernible] and therefore don't have the higher level of recoveries. And so we think that we are getting closer to more of a stable level of recovery. But to your point, we are still well below that 40 basis point to 60 basis point range, we would expect to continue to be under that for a period of time that we have seen some increases in charge-offs reflecting the lower level of recoveries. So Bill, anything else you would add to that?
Bill Hartmann: The one thing I would add to that is if you look at what could be leading indicators of where we think things are going, our level of non-performing loans has been pretty stable. We've been signaling that we are entering a period of stability where the improvements that we've seen in previous quarters were going to begin to level out. And again, the numbers are pretty small, so quarter to quarter, we might see a small increase or decrease in some of these levels. And again, we had signaled that we thought that provisions and net charge-offs should be about equal to each other as we enter this period of stability and any change in provision may be more driven by loan growth which is what we saw in this quarter.
Ken Zerbe: And then the other question I just had in terms of loan growth, obviously C&I is incredibly strong and if I heard right a lot of it's because you're hiring bankers. But when you look at something like say Fifth Third or Huntington and compare to where you guys stand, it appears that you are taking share in C&I. What's to stop Huntington or Fifth Third or any of your other competitors from going out and just hiring a bunch of bankers, as well? What are the pitfalls of this strategy that they may be avoiding or you find value in?
Chris Gorman: We think that our business model is unique. And we are focused on seven sectors, we are focused on the middle market. For example, we have 46 research analysts covering 777 companies and while clearly our model can be replicated, it's not just as easy as hiring a few bankers because you need the product experts and you need the industry experts. And so because of that we feel like we have a bit of a competitive advantage in the marketplace.
E.J. Burke: And I might just add from a middle market community bank perspective, we compete against those banks everyday for talent. One of the things that really attracts bankers to Key is the relationship we have with our corporate bank and the ability to bring an industry expert to a client meeting to talk about their industry as opposed to competing solely on price or on credit terms. So our recruiting efforts are oftentimes aided by Chris’ folks talking about how they can help them win new business.
Beth Mooney: The one thing that I would add that we also always talk about is when you look at the growth in our loans to our commercial clients and as you look at it also with our investment banking and debt placement fee, you can see a high correlation that that's where the business model comes to light, it's both what we can put on our balance sheet, how we attract clients and actually lend into them, but also through our broad product suite which Chris think is unique and differentiated are able to drive M&A fees, debt placement fees, equity fees and a variety of robust fees coming out our payments capabilities. So it's really a very holistic approach and loans are a significant part, but also I think indicative of the broader model that we are able to bring across the continuum of commercial and middle market clients.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Ramsey with FBR.
Bob Ramsey: I may have missed it, but I know you talked about fourth quarter expectations around margin and expenses. Did you say where you think fee income will be relative to this quarter, beyond the full-year number, but just fourth quarter?
Don Kimble: What we just said is our full year number would be within our guidance range of mid single digit growth. So that would imply that it’s going to be in that 4% to 6% range on a full year basis.
Bob Ramsey: And then could you maybe talk about a couple of the lines, predominantly principal investing, I think, is still running below where you have talked historically about run rate levels. I know it can be a volatile quarter to quarter, but curious bigger picture how you think about that. And then maybe the operating lease decline this quarter, maybe what's driving that and how we should think about that line going forward?
Don Kimble: As far as principal investing gains, with market conditions overall and with the size of the portfolio shrinking, I’d say that $11 million that we have in the current quarter and for the past couple of quarters is probably appropriate run rate going forward. And so you will see some volatility there, but generally I think that’s a decent outlook. The operating lease income line item is down this quarter and that reflects a couple of things. One, we had about $4 million loss in the current quarter and we had a slight gain in the previous quarter. And so that really created the change on a period over period, but I’d say that the current level is probably a little low given the impact of that loss.
Bob Ramsey: And then corporate services obviously strong, I know you highlighted some of the derivative income and loan commitment fees. Is that just building from the hiring that you guys have done and the growth in the commercial bank or is there anything unusually strong and lumpy this quarter?
Chris Gorman: Because of the fact that we are in the transaction business, you will from time to time see lumpiness, particularly with respect to commitment fees, but underlying the entire line item and this cuts across both the corporate bank and E.J.’s business in the community bank as well, we have seen elevated levels in both foreign exchange and derivatives. So yes, there is some lumpiness, but the underlying trend line is also positive.
Operator: And next we go to Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott: I wondered if you could give us a quick update on your thinking about deploying capital through M&A and whether that might be something you'd be open to over the coming quarters and years.
Beth Mooney: As we said before, we have articulated our capital priorities and have said our capital position is the strength of this company. So we’re pleased to continue to be among the peer leading return of capital to our shareholders. And as you’ve seen over the last couple of years, we have also used the opportunity to enhance our business model and our strategy as we expanded our product offerings such as acquiring our credit cards last year, we are on the one year mark of our acquisition of Pacific Crest Securities and we’ve done some things over time to enhance our distribution. So as we look at it, we would look at opportunities that are consistent with our model, things that would add to our client base and would be good for our shareholders. And I think the things we have done in recent years have met that standard.
Geoffrey Elliott: And then just to follow up on that, there has been a couple of bank deals that have been a little bit larger in size that have got approval over the last few weeks – City National and Hudson City, do you think the environment for bank M&A is starting to change at all?
Beth Mooney: It is good to see that some transactions have been announced and approved and the market has cleared those. So I think it is an indication that there is more confidence or perhaps certainty. I think that’s good for the markets, I think it’s good for buyers and sellers alike.
Operator: Our next question is from Sameer Gokhale with Janney Capital Markets.
Sameer Gokhale: I wanted to follow up on something that Ken had asked about earlier. Beth, you talked a little bit about your loan growth and how that's somewhat tied into investment banking-related work that you do, so there's some cross-selling going on there. And you clearly have strong commercial loan growth. But when I look at the yields on your loan portfolio, clearly there's some downward pressure there. And I know you talked about pricing these things holistically. But can you give us a sense for how much cross-selling is going on between your lending clients and your banking clients? And given your very strong growth, is there pressure because you want to drive efficiency improvements to keep ramping up that loan portfolio or should you be slowing that growth down so that maybe you can maintain some pricing discipline there? So can you just talk about that a little bit because there seems to be some moving parts? And again, that yield pressure we would have thought at some point would've stabilized, but it hasn't yet, so some color would be helpful.
Chris Gorman: Let me just step back for a moment, we don’t really look at it as separate. In other words, we don’t look at a loan product, a fee product, but what we’re really doing in a very holistic way is and a very targeted way is pursuing client relationships. And when we pursue those, we get the benefit of both fees and loan growth. And if you look for example in the corporate bank, our non-interest income this quarter is about 51%. We like that mix of kind of half and half. We think it’s a competitive advantage to have a balance sheet, but we really think it’s our job to identify clients and serve them in any way that we possibly can. And as I mentioned earlier, the preponderance of the time that involves us accessing capital elsewhere. In terms of the actual pricing on loans, we have seen a slowdown in the rate of decline. So if a year ago, the year over year rate of decline for similar loan was down maybe 25 basis points, maybe this year it’s down maybe half of that. But with our business model, we’re able to generate very, very good returns for our shareholders and not take excessive risk in terms of growing core. So we don’t look at them as one or the other, we focus on client relationships and the outcome of those could be loans, could be fees or any derivation thereof.
Don Kimble: The only thing I would add to that or two points, one is that if you look at the new loan originations, they have a better credit quality than the existing portfolio. And so we would expect to have a little bit lower yield if their credit quality is better. And so that’s helpful for our overall credit picture, but it has a little bit of additional pressure on the margin. And then second, I would say that linked quarter, we did see our loan fees come down a little bit which cost us a couple of basis points there as well. And so not necessarily reflective of the aggregate pricing for the portfolio, but from time to time we do see some variance there as well.
Sameer Gokhale: And then on the efficiency ratio guidance and the reported numbers it seems like, to the extent that you dial up on your fee-based revenues in any given quarter because you have higher investment banking activity that puts maybe some upward pressure on your efficiency ratio. But at the same time I would imagine that that's probably a higher ROE earnings stream. So how do you think about balancing the two out because ultimately isn't it about ROEs as opposed to just the efficiency ratio? And then just on a separate note, if you can just talk about some of your investments on the digital front, where you stand on those. If you could size for us how much you expect to spend over the next, say, 12 to 18 months that also would be helpful.
Don Kimble: You’re absolutely right. One of the things we focus on quite a bit is just what kind of return on capital are we generating from our customers and whether that’s in the community bank or the corporate bank. Our fee businesses clearly have a stronger ROE for us and so that’s something that we’re very excited about. And if you look at for just an example the corporate bank, the return on capital in that business has been hovering around a 30% type of level. So clearly north of 20% and so that clearly is in an area that we want to see growth going forward. And so sometimes that comes in areas where it’s a higher efficiency ratio and we’re fine with that as long as we can get the return on capital and get the return for our shareholder, which we think is exceeding the cost to deliver that. So again, that is accretive. As far as digital, we continue to make a lot of investments there. If you look at our technology deployment, I would say that’s somewhere between 15% and 20% of that budget on an annual basis, is facing off against our digital investment and it’s enhancing our customer experience and providing more opportunities for those customers to engage and open new accounts with us. Dennis, anything else you want to add there from a digital side?
Dennis Devine: The only thing I would add is you’ve seen a deliberate remixing of our distribution to our clients, so you see the branch counts coming down meaningfully over the years and while that’s in the digital taking place. So there’s no doubt that we see significant growth in the engagement of our clients from a digital perspective. You see a real focus on the relationship strategy so that the investments we made are to bring ease, value and expertise to our clients to the digital environment, making sure that there is relevant offers to them in the digital space. You see some partnerships that we’ve announced to bring that to life as well. So that’s in the run rate. We’ve really ramped up the investments in digital and expect to see that continue.
Operator: Our next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Najarian: Just a quick follow-up to John's question earlier, you were able to grow net interest income, or are forecasting to grow net interest income this year while your margin is still come under pressure. As we think about next year in the scenario where the Fed doesn't raise rates, could we still expect your spread revenues to grow, assuming that the margin has stabilized from here or is that too optimistic because we would have to take down our assumptions for activity levels if the Fed is keeping rates that low for longer?
Don Kimble: I’ll tell you that we’ll provide more clarity as far as our 2016 outlook at the next quarter’s call. But as we’ve talked about for the next quarter and on a year over year basis, we’re still expecting to have net interest income increase in the low single digits. So not seeing anything fundamentally that would change that dramatically, but again, we’ll provide more clarity after next quarter.
Operator: And we’ll go to David Eads with UBS.
David Eads: I wanted to follow up on some of the expense dynamics you've been talking about this morning. When I look at the salaries and incentive comp line combined, the expense for the third quarter was roughly the same as the second quarter. I would've expected that to come down a little bit just due to the lower IBE revenues this quarter. I'm wondering does that relate to some of the hiring you've done on the bankers side or maybe some incentive expenses related to the loan growth, can you just walk through the dynamics of what has caused that to stay stable?
Don Kimble: If you look just the salary line by itself, $7 million linked quarter, a little over half of that is because of the number of business days increased by one this quarter versus the second quarter, a little over $3.5 million of the increase there. The rest of it really is the investments in the talent we talked about and also reflective of the current quarter is our first quarter of every year where we add our new rotational programs, whether it’s in the corporate bank or credit or other areas, we bring in a group of college graduates to the Key organization and that resulted in an increase in headcount linked quarter from that effort. If you look at the incentives and stock-based compensation, it’s down $6 million and that really is tied to that change in our capital markets revenue. Not only did you see a decline in the investment banking and debt placement fees, but you saw an increase in some of the corporate services income which was primarily driven by capital markets related areas as well. And so the net change there of roughly $19 million had an impact of about $6 million decline in our overall incentive and stock based compensation expense.
David Eads: And then just to confirm, you guys didn't call out any kind of meaningful – the branch count was down, I think, 17 this quarter, you guys didn't call out any meaningful restructuring or efficiency charges this quarter, correct? And is there anything baked into your outlook for 4Q on that front?
Don Kimble: We would continue to have some branch consolidations. We didn’t call it out, but we’ve recognized that’s more of a part of our ongoing run rate that we did have our branches come down by 17 this quarter. I would expect to continue to have a 2% to 3% decline year over year and that would imply some additional branch consolidations in the fourth quarter.
David Eads: But nothing on the expense front that we should be thinking about specifically?
Don Kimble: Nothing outsized from what we experienced this quarter. That’s correct.
Operator: And next we’ll go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy: Don, can you share with us, I think most people would agree on the call that you folks are certainly overcapitalized. And you also are giving back some of the most amount of capital as a percentage of earnings of your peers, as you pointed out, Beth. What do you think it's going to take for you folks or maybe the industry in CCAR to give back more than upwards to 100% of earnings? Is there any color you can give to us on what you're thinking on how do you approach that with the regulators?
Don Kimble: This is an ongoing question that we have not only for our investors, but also for our board and our management team. And we’re always trying to read the signals and messages that we’re hearing from DC and our regulators to see if there is more willingness or appetite to see that type of pay out increase. We do recognize that we are highly capitalized and want to be one of the top returner of capital going forward. And so we’re looking for every indication we can get to see if that tone has changed or shifted. Right now, we just want to make sure that we’re disciplined with it; we recognize that part of our value really comes to our shareholders in the form of dividends and/or share buyback and we want to make sure that we can continue those going forward.
Gerard Cassidy: And then as a follow-up to your comments about the change in the mix of earning assets this quarter which contributed to the improvement in net interest income sequentially, you brought down your liquidity as you pointed out, is there more opportunities to do that in the fourth quarter and subsequent quarters or are you at the optimal level now?
Don Kimble: We think there is greater opportunity for us long term. We still think our loan to deposit ratio is lower than where we would like to target long term and so we do have some additional flexibility. I’d say that the current quarter coming down by $1 billion in the short term earning assets is probably outsized from what you would see in subsequent quarters, because it reflects some of the impact of some of those short term deposits that we expected to go out of the house over the last quarter and wouldn’t expect those same pace going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from David Durst with Guggenheim Securities.
David Durst: One of your peers has announced they're selectively pulling out of some of their retail markets in the Midwest. As you think about the way you're going to consolidate your branches in the future, would you consider exiting some markets as you're thinking of evolving?
Don Kimble: When we take a look at that, part of our challenge that we see is we’re not seeing a differentiated performance market by market. So we’re seeing improvements across the footprint and seeing better performance in all of our markets. And our challenge really is if we exit the market, what happens is that we eliminate 100% of the revenue and a portion of the expenses, but not 100% of the expenses, because we still have an infrastructure that supports the technology, risk management and other functions that may not be quite as variable in nature. And so we haven’t seen a benefit to our shareholders for truly exiting the markets, but our focus really is continuing to improve the performance across our footprint and we’re seeing that and it’s starting to translate to bottom line improvement from that as well. 
David Durst: And then if we look at the number, the 60 hires you had, and then we look at the year-over-year productivity improvement you've been providing over the past couple years, does this suggest there's still room to improve your cross-sell ratios and that productivity ratio?
Don Kimble: Absolutely the case and all of my business partners here are all nodding their head across the table from me. So I think we have absolute agreement on that.
Beth Mooney: Our commitment and confident to be more productive and more efficient.
Operator: And next we’ll go to Terry McEvoy with Stephens.
Terry McEvoy: Just looking at the cards and payments business, it's now 10% of fee income. I know you've been making investments in payments. Are you seeing the full benefit of those investments? Where do you see growth coming from going forward? And can you talk about maybe penetration rates among your merchants and some of the other metrics that we can track and monitor going forward?
Chris Gorman: There is a couple areas that we have invested in significantly that we’re really starting to see a lot of traction. And first is the purchase card business and what we’ve done and I’m going to turn it over to Dennis in a minute, but what we’ve done is worked very, very closely with the community bank and not only in terms of penetration rates which are three or four X what they’ve been, but also the size of the clients are higher. So that’s one area. Another area where we’ve had a lot of wins but it isn’t really reflected yet, because it takes some while to set up these programs, is we got into the prepaid business and we had some very significant wins out of our public sector area. Those don’t really come online until 2016, but it gives us confidence as we look forward. And the other area where I think we had some success, I’m going to ask Dennis to comment on it, is on the merchant side where Dennis’ team has been very closely aligned, especially thanks to Dennis, who have been really coordinated.
Dennis Devine: The cards and payments line, to Chris’ point, you see on that line tangible payoff of the investments that we’ve been talking about. So we acquired our credit card portfolio and we now self-originate. To Chris’ point, you see that same activity in the merchant business. You also just see core client growth occurring across the community bank, across the consumer and business banking portfolio and so with client growth comes activation and active cards. Very proactively managed business, but you can see a portfolio of investments that are really paying off with client growth and the active evidence of our relationship strategy. Every one of these clients, every one of these products is not a standalone, but in the context of the broad relationship we’re bringing to market each day.
Terry McEvoy: Just a follow-up for Chris, you're one year into Pacific Crest. As you think about the synergies between the tech vertical and the corporate bank, do you think going forward we will see you enter maybe an eighth vertical as you continue to build out the investment bank and the corporate bank?
Chris Gorman: We’re always looking for a new vertical. And as we look back, I think the most important thing about Pacific Crest has been the fit from a cultural perspective, the willingness of our team at Pacific Crest to be part of the bigger platform where they can offer more things to their clients and it does give us confidence that if we could find the right niche, and again our business is all built around niches, if we could find the right niche, we would definitely look at trying to continue to leverage our platform which we think is not as leveraged as it could be.
Operator: And we have a question from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Unverified Analyst: This is [Josh] in for Ken. Bringing it back to investment banking, was there any slippage in closings in the third quarter that might also help on top of the pipeline and the seasonality in the fourth quarter?
Don Kimble: Josh, clearly the disruption in the market in the last part of the third quarter caused some of our deals and probably everybody else’s deals to be pushed out a bit. So there’s no question. And then also as I mentioned earlier, for us, I think opens the opportunity for us to look at alternative ways to finance transactions for the benefit of our clients. So the answer to your question is yes, some things undoubtedly were pushed off.
Unverified Analyst: And for the residential mortgage business build-out, how will the expense build show and when do expect revenues to start to show as well?
Don Kimble: As far as the expense build, we’re already starting to incur some of that because we’re really investing in the infrastructure to make sure that we do it right and so we have added to our team already and you’ll see a slow add to it over the next several quarters. As far as truly launching it, we’re looking at sometime later in 2016 as far as really when you start to see the revenues pick up. Anything else to add there, E.J.?
E.J. Burke: No, Don. I think that’s correct. As we’ve talked about before, we try to calibrate on investment with our other expenses and you wouldn’t expect to see much difference in that business until the second half of 2016.
Operator: And this morning, we have no further questions in queue.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks and thank you again.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Don Kimble - Chief Financial Officer Chris Gorman - President, Corporate Banking E.J. Burke - Co-President, Community Banking Dennis Devine - Co-President, Community Banking Bill Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Scott Siefers - Sandler O’Neill John Pancari - Evercore ISI Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Ken Usdin - Jefferies Rob Placet - Deutsche Bank Bill Carcache - Nomura David Eads - UBS Bob Ramsey - FBR Gerard Cassidy - RBC Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Erika Najarian - Bank of America Mike Mayo - CLSA Kevin Barker - Compass Point
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s Second Quarter 2015 Earnings conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator, and good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Joining me for today’s presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer, and available for the Q&A portion of the call is Chris Gorman, President of our Corporate Bank; E.J. Burke and Dennis Devine, Co-Presidents of our Community Bank; and Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer.  Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question and answer segment of our call. I’m now turning to Slide 3. We had a good second quarter. Our results show positive operating leverage and momentum across our company. Revenue was up 4% from last year, benefiting from strength in our core fee-based businesses and solid loan growth. On the fee side, investment banking and debt placement had a record quarter of $141 million, which was up 42% from the prior year. Stronger financial advisory fees and loan syndications drove the improvement this quarter. We also saw good trends in trust and investment services, as well as in cards and payments income. Both businesses benefited from the investments we have made over the past few years in our people, products and capabilities. Average loans increased in both the community bank and the corporate bank, and loan growth continued to be driven by commercial, financial and agricultural loans, which were up 10% higher than the year ago period. In second quarter, our expense levels reflect higher performance-based compensation from stronger revenue trends in the quarter, as well as the cost from Pacific Crest Securities and seasonal factors. Don will provide more detail on expenses in his remarks.  We remain focused on generating positive operating leverage by growing revenues while holding expenses relatively stable, which over time will continue to drive further improvement in our efficiency ratio. Credit quality remains strong this quarter with a net charge-off ratio of 25 basis points, well below our targeted range. We continue to be disciplined with structure and staying true to our relationship focus. Capital remains a strength of our company with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.7%. In the second quarter, our board approved a 15% increase in our common stock dividend and we repurchased $129 million in common shares. Overall, we are pleased with the quarter and believe that we are well positioned for the second half of the year. Our results continue to demonstrate the successful execution of our business model, which has allowed us to continue to add and expand client relationships and grow revenue. Now I’ll turn the call over to Don to discuss the details of our second quarter results. 
Don Kimble: Thanks, and I’m on Slide 5. As Beth said, we had a good quarter with net income from continuing operations of $0.27 per common share, the same as the year-ago period and up from the $0.26 we reported in the first quarter. This quarter, our results were driven by poor business activity across our company, which resulted in our 4% year-over-year revenue growth. Expenses also reflect our stronger business trends with higher performance-based compensation. Worthy of note, in the second quarter of last year, we benefited from a leverage lease termination gain, higher principal investing gain, and a lower provision for credit losses. These items contributed $62 million more in pre-tax net income last year relative to the current quarter. I’ll provide more detail on revenue and expense trends throughout the remainder of my presentation. I’m now turning to Slide 6. Average total loan growth continued in the second quarter with balances up $2.4 billion, or 4% compared to the year-ago quarter, and up $466 million from the first quarter. Our year-over-year growth was once again driven primarily by commercial, financial and agricultural loans, and was broad-based across key business lending segments. Average CF&A loans were up $2.6 billion or 10% compared to the prior year, and were up $696 million or 2% unannualized from the first quarter.  Continuing on to Slide 7, on the liability side of the balance sheet average deposits were up $3.8 billion from one year ago and up $1.4 billion from the first quarter. Deposit growth of 6% from the prior year and 2% from the prior quarter was driven by strength in our commercial mortgage servicing business and inflows from both our commercial and consumer clients. The cost of our total deposits remained low at 15 basis points compared to 18 basis points one year ago, reflecting our more favorable deposit mix.  Turning to Slide 8, taxable equivalent net interest income was $591 million for the second quarter compared to $579 million in the second quarter of 2014 and $577 million in the first quarter of this year. Net interest income was up $12 million or 2% from the year-ago quarter as higher earning asset balances were offset by lower earning asset yields. Compared to the first quarter, net interest income was up $14 million or 2% primarily as a result of earning asset growth and more days in the second quarter of this year. Our net interest margin was 2.88%, which was down 3 basis points from the prior quarter, reflecting higher levels of excess liquidity driven by commercial deposit growth and lower earning asset yields. Our net interest margin also reflects our June debt issuance, which benefited our liquidity coverage ratio and credit ratings profile. As we move into the third quarter, we’re projecting higher levels of liquidity. While we don’t expect this to impact our net interest income, we could experience some near term pressure on our margin, with our third quarter outlook reflecting a mid-single digit basis point decline. We anticipate our full-year margin will be relatively stable with the reported level of second quarter. Our full-year net interest income guidance has not changed. We also expect to maintain our modest asset sensitivity, and the duration and characteristics of Key’s loan and investment portfolios continue to position us to realize more benefit from a rise in the shorter end of the yield curve.  Slide 9 shows a summary of non-interest income, which accounts for 45% of total revenue. Non-interest income in the second quarter was $488 million, up $33 million or 7% from the prior year and up $51 million or 12% from the prior quarter. As Beth mentioned, we saw strong growth in several of our fee-based businesses. We had a record quarter for investment banking and debt placement fees with $141 million in fees, an increase of $42 million or 42% from prior year. We continue to expect full-year 2015 investment banking and debt placement fees to exceed full-year 2014. We expect this area to be one of the key drivers of our mid-single digit growth in fee income. Additionally, trust and investment services was up 18% from the prior year, driven by the acquisition of Pacific Crest Securities and the strength in our retail and private banking businesses. Cards and payments income was up 9% from the prior year, a result of growth in both our credit card and debit card products. Our strong second quarter fee income results reflect the variability in some of our businesses that we’ve previously discussed, like investment banking and debt placement. Importantly, our results this quarter were driven by core business activity, reflecting the success of our business model and the investments we have made. In the second quarter of last year, we had a leverage lease termination gain of $17 million. We also had higher principal investing gains in both the prior quarter and prior year. Turning to Slide 10, our non-interest expense for the second quarter was $711 million, up $24 million from the year-ago period and up $42 million from the first quarter. Second quarter non-interest expense was 3% higher than the prior year. Expenses continue to be well managed as growth was driven by higher performance-based compensation and the Pacific Crest acquisition. Compared to the first quarter, expenses were up 6%, reflecting higher personnel costs tied to performance-based compensation and normal seasonal trends, including higher salaries from increased day count, higher marketing expense, and lower employee benefit costs. Additionally, professional fees grew as a result of in-flight third party programs and outsourced activities. In the second quarter, our cash efficiency ratio was 65%. Efficiency ratio remains an important measure for us, and we remain committed to generating cost savings through our continuous improvement efforts, which are enabling us to make investments and offset normal expense growth. The size and timing of our business investments will impact quarterly expense levels and efficiency. Recent investments include our third quarter 2014 Pacific Crest Securities acquisition, adding bankers in both the community and corporate bank, and the enhancements we have made to our payments capabilities. We believe these investments are additive to our business model and expect to see good return as they position us to continue to drive long-term growth. Additionally, seasonality and production levels impact expense and efficiency measures from quarter to quarter. Our expense guidance remains unchanged. We continue to anticipate full-year expenses to be relatively stable with reported level in 2014. Turning to Slide 11, our net charge-offs were $36 million or 25 basis points of average total loans in the second quarter, which continues to be well below our targeted range. In the second quarter, provision for credit losses of $41 million was $29 million higher than the year-ago period. Additionally, this quarter’s provision expense exceeded net charge-offs. Our provision and allowance reflects the most recent syndicated credit review, which did not have a material impact on our overall allowance. At June 30, 2015, our reserve for loan losses represented 1.37% of period end loans and 190% coverage of our non-performing loans.  Turning to Slide 12, our common equity Tier 1 ratio was strong at June 30 at 10.7%. As Beth mentioned, we repurchased $129 million in common shares in the second quarter as part of our 2015 capital plan. We also increased our quarterly common share dividend by 15% to $0.075 per share. Importantly, our capital plans reflect our commitment to remaining disciplined in managing our strong capital position. Moving on to Slide 13, as we look ahead for the remainder of 2015, we remain on track and are committed to meeting our full-year outlook. Average loans should grow in the mid-single digit range as we benefit from strength in our commercial businesses. Consistent with prior comments, we anticipate our full-year net interest income growth in the low single digit range compared to 2014. This does not include any benefit from higher interest rates. We expect our full-year net interest margin to be down from 2014 and relatively stable with the second quarter of 2015 reported level. Non-interest income is expected to be up in the mid-single digit percentage range for the year, and full-year reported expenses should be relatively stable with 2014. Credit quality should remain a good story with net charge-offs below our targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points, and we also expect provision to approximate net charge-offs. Finally, we expect to continue to execute our share repurchase authorization consistent with our capital plan. With that, I’ll close and turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Scott Siefers of Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Morning guys.
Don Kimble: Morning Scott.
Scott Siefers: Don, I was hoping you could just walk through that margin guidance once again. I just want to make sure I interpret it correctly. It sounds like for the third quarter it’s a mid-single digit decline, but is it the full year that you’re expecting to come in around, I guess, 288, in other words stable with the 2Q number? And I guess assuming that’s right, what in your mind changed versus the prior? Is it just the timing of liquidity build, maybe a little more a little sooner than you thought, or what are the dynamics as you see them?
Don Kimble: Yes Scott, you interpret that right. We would expect the full year of 2015 to be relatively stable with the 288 we reported this quarter. That’s down about 3 basis points from last quarter. Our level of liquidity is higher, and we also now expect it to stay with us longer than what we expected before. So net interest income guidance hasn’t changed. We had noted before that we expected net interest income to be up low single digits without the benefit of rates, and our forecast now reflects our assumption that there may be a rate increase later in the year, but we shouldn’t see much benefit from it. So even when rates do go up, or when rates do go up, we should see lift in net interest income and margin as well.
Scott Siefers: Okay, and I think that answers what would have been the second part. I noticed you took out the distinction between NII will be up X without rates and up Y with rates, so maybe you answered the second question there as well. All right, I think that’s good for me. I appreciate the color.
Don Kimble: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
John Pancari: Just wanted to get a little bit of color on the business services and professional fee line again. I know you referred to it, Don, in your comment about what drove it. Can you give us a little bit more color on what drove that number higher, and is that likely to stay at that level or is it going to pull back next quarter?
Don Kimble: Yes, we talked about professional fees being up linked quarter - I think they were up about $9 million. About half of that is from outsourcing activities where we’ve seen expense reductions in other categories, and that will continue at that higher level. The other half is what we referred to as in-flight third party programs. It’s both related to revenue initiatives as well as risk management efforts. We do expect to see that continue into the third quarter but should drop down after that, so some of that is temporary in nature but we should see it continue into the third quarter.
John Pancari: Okay, all right. Lastly on the efficiency ratio, I know long term you’d indicated you’d like to target a below 60% efficiency ratio. Can you update us on that? Do you still stand by that number, and how do you get there? Currently, you’re at 65, 66%. How much does rate help you get there, and then timing of when you could see that?
Don Kimble: Yes, what we’ve talked about is without the benefit of rate, so over the next two to three years we expect our efficiency ratio to drop to the low 60’s, so coming from the 65% down into the low 60’s. With the benefit of rates, we would expect that to be in the high 50’s. Now, where we see that occurring is basically consistent with our guidance, which is that we expect to continue to be able to grow revenues and hold expenses relatively stable, and that’s consistent with what our guidance is for this year. This past quarter, I think sometimes it’s difficult to see the real picture, because if you look at the comparison from second quarter of last year to second quarter of this year, we’ve talked about revenue growth of 4.3%, and if you back out those couple of items that we talked about with the leverage lease termination gain and also bag down the principal investing gains, our revenue growth was close to 7.5% and expense growth at 3.5% provides the operating leverage for us to continue to drive down that efficiency ratio. That’s consistent with how we think that we’ll be able to achieve that, is this continued maturation of the investments we’ve been making and seeing those translate to positive operating leverage for us going forward.
John Pancari: Okay, thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning everyone.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: Before I ask my question, Don, I didn’t follow your reasoning behind where you took out on the outlook slide the expected increase in net interest income, including the benefit of rates. It wasn’t clear to me if you no longer expect the benefit from rates, or if you’re just more dovish in your own outlook for rates.
Don Kimble: It’s more the latter, Steve. We really do not expect to see much of a rate increase this year, and our guidance was set at the end of last year and we felt that we would see a pick-up in the second half of the year. We still think that there could be a rate increase, but we think it could be very late in the year and have very little impact on our overall net interest income. We do believe that when rates do go up, we will see an increase in our net interest income and also our margin, so it’s just more of an impact of our outlook would not suggest much of a rate increase this year, and therefore not much of a benefit from rate increases this year.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, that makes sense. Don, I wanted to ask you - when we look at the investment banking fees, the relatively extreme volatility thus far in 2015, is this a two quarter event or is there something else going on there that we should think about, or do we just get back to a more normal trend line? I know it’s a volatile item, but it’s relatively extreme if you look at the last two quarters. Thanks.
Don Kimble: I’m going to pass that one over to Chris since he’s in the room here with us as well.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Steve. We always look at that line item on a trailing 12 basis, and while we have great underlying growth if you look on a trailing 12 basis, we don’t get too worried about either the first quarter being down or the second quarter being significantly above where the first quarter was. So over time, we think this is a business that we continue to grow and grow significantly, and we think we can do that; but we really think the right way to look at it is on a trailing 12 basis.
Steven Alexopoulos: So Chris, in your mind nothing has changed?
Chris Gorman: No. It hasn’t changed. We’re out there every day talking to our clients, bringing them ideas. Our discussions with clients have frankly never been better. It’s interesting - these middle market companies, and as you know, we go to market in a very focused way based on industry, is they think about growth and they look around at what the opportunities are for organic growth, and they look around at what the opportunities are for inorganic growth. The discussions that we’ve had with our clients, as I said, have really never been better, and to the extent that we’re involved in M&A-type discussions, we think that has sort of a multiplier effect, because if you can break into these clients with a strategic idea and you’re hired as their advisor, loans, deposits, hedging, a lot of those things come with it.
Steven Alexopoulos: Thanks for the color.
Beth Mooney: Steve, I would just add one thing, that when we talked about this line item in the first quarter, we did acknowledge that it was an outlier relative to what we would consider a normal performance on any quarterly basis, but did emphasize it does have quarterly variability. But I do think we looked at the first quarter as being relatively light relative to what we think this business will generate, but we do think it’s very important to recognize it does have characteristics that will always make it variable, and the trailing 12 really does give you a better trajectory of the growth of the business, which has been really solid. The other thing that we acknowledged in the first quarter was if you looked at our loans held for sale, there was a significant spike up, which was an indicator that some piece of the activity was positioned to be realized in the second quarter.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, thanks for the color and thanks for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to the line of Ken Zerbe at Morgan Stanley. 
Ken Zerbe: Great, thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to dive in a little bit more in the margin compression that you expect because of the liquidity. Can you just give us a little more detail - are you seeing meaningful, or what types of commercial deposit growth that you’re seeing that is driving that lower? Is it temporary? I mean, do you only expect this to be for a few quarters? I’m just trying to get an understanding of the underlying driver of the liquidity and if that’s sustainable or not.
Don Kimble: What we’re seeing is a lot of temporary deposits coming through from our commercial customers, and we’re seeing some additional inflows which will continue to put that under pressure as being higher levels of liquidity. So that’s one of the reasons why we expected it to have some pressure in the near term as far as margin. Keep in mind that we would have been projecting all along that we expected our loan growth to exceed deposit growth, but because of the growth in these temporary deposit balances, deposit growth has actually exceeded loan growth. Our short term earning assets are up over $800 million linked quarter, which puts pressure on that. The other thing I’d keep in mind is that we did have $1.7 billion debt issuance at the end of the second quarter, and the full quarter impact of that will also affect the overall margin for the third quarter. So it’s really those two pieces that are driving that temporary mid-single digit reduction in net interest margin.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Are you actually able to make any meaningful amount of money on those temporary deposits, or is it really just a wash from an NII perspective?
Don Kimble: It really is close to a wash. We put it in our fed account and earn about 25 basis points on it, so far from meaningful but it is additive.
Ken Zerbe: Great. All right, thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Thanks, good morning. Hey Don, on the loan side, you saw pretty good growth on the commercial and, as important, we finally saw those yields go up. I’m wondering if you could give us any color in terms of has there been a change in either the type of production you’re seeing or the competitive and spreads angle, and if this is kind of a good inflection that we’re finally seeing on the yield side.
Don Kimble: On the yield side, we’ve benefited this quarter from a couple of things. One is that loan fees were stronger in the second quarter than they were in the first quarter, and also we had some additional increase in contribution from our swap income. From an accounting perspective, that gets mapped up against commercial loans because we use that to hedge the LIBOR-base loans. So if you back that out, we’re still seeing a little bit of pressure, but it’s muted compared to where it has been as far as the incremental quarter over quarter. So I’d say we haven’t seen the market change significantly, but to your point, I think we’re getting to a level closer to stability than where we have been in the past couple of years.
Ken Usdin: Okay, got it. Great. Then secondly, just as far as the expenses are concerned, you talked about adding a little bit more of the restructuring-related expenses. Are you still on track for about 30 for the year, or is there any change in the trajectory of how you’re expecting to spend underneath the normal cost base?
Don Kimble: Yes, for the first six months of this year, we’ve incurred about $17 million. I’d say that we’re still on the same general course as to where we had expected coming into the year. Keep in mind that in the first half of this year, we only had five branch consolidations. We’ve talked about a number of 20 to 30%--excuse me, 2 to 3%. Twenty to 30% would be way out of line! But 2 to 3% consolidation for this year, which would imply plus or minus an additional 20 branches of consolidation in the second half of the year. So with that, we still expect to be in that same general range.
Ken Usdin: Okay, and just as a follow-up on expenses then, too, you did have, I’m assuming, some of the personnel step-up was related to the really strong IB line. Do you anticipate there being a reversion of some of that if in fact the IB was a little peak-y, per Beth’s point about some of the lingering stuff from the first quarter that kind of got pushed into the second?
Don Kimble: Great question, and I would say that that is a variable line item in our income statement and it does reflect the production that we do have. If you look at our total compensation expense, it really had three impacts this current quarter. One was our benefit cost did come down, and it’s seasonally consistent with what we’ve seen in the past. Salary dollars were up about $10 million, and if you take a look at that, about half of it is because of day count. We had two more days in the current quarter than what we did in the last quarter from a business perspective, and we also had our merit increase, which was about 2% year-over-year. The last piece is increase in incentive compensation, which was up $26 million, and between the first quarter and the second quarter we had $3 million to $5 million of impact from accruals adjustments and true-ups from quarter to quarter. So really, the core increase was closer to the $22 million range, so if you look at that as a variable component to the growth that we would have seen in our corporate banking activities, it gives you a ballpark of what kind of variability there might be prospectively. Keep in mind, it’s not just investment banking income, though. It also includes the other areas of revenues because Chris’ corporate bank is truly focused on relationships, and that includes both balance sheet and fee income as part of the calculation of the value that they’re contributing, and that’s what the incentives are based on as well.
Ken Usdin: Okay, thanks Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to the line of Matt O’Connor at Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Placet: Hi, good morning. This is Rob Placet on behalf of Matt. On a period end basis, it looks like you added to the securities portfolio this quarter. I was curious if you could just update us on your thinking in terms of deployment of liquidity in the current environment beyond the liquidity builds on the commercial deposits you highlighted earlier, and should we expect continued growth in your securities book from here?
Don Kimble: The billion dollar growth period to period really was driven by the $1.7 billion debt issuance that we had during the quarter, and that occurred in June as far as when it closed. So that’s really what drove it, more so than any planned additions, that we would expect generally going forward the investment securities portfolio would remain relatively stable. We’re comfortable with that assumption, given that our LCR estimate for the second quarter was just north of 100%, so we think that we’re well positioned going into next year where the requirement is at 90%.
Rob Placet: Okay. Secondly, commercial loan yields were up 5 BPs, I think, this quarter. Was curious what drove the increase there.
Don Kimble: The two components that really drove that was that we saw some stronger loan fees in the current quarter compared to the first quarter, and we also saw an increased benefit from our swap book, that some of the swaps rolled off and we had some reinvestment or rebooking of new swaps, and then they came through with a higher yield. So both of those helped benefit the commercial loan yields on a linked quarter basis.
Rob Placet: Okay, thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go to the line of Bill Carcache with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Thanks, good morning. Don, I had a follow up on your comments about the growth in temporary deposits. I was hoping that you could comment on the overall quality of the deposit growth that you’re seeing from an LCR perspective. I was curious - now that we’ve seen some larger banks take on initiatives to focus on operating deposits, whether you’ve seen any kind of change in the quality of the deposits that are coming your way.
Don Kimble: We’re still seeing growth in our core operating accounts. We’ve talked about the overall payments area being a key strategic initiative for us, and that’s helping us drive for deeper relationships and enhancing that management of liquidity for our customers. So we are seeing that growth come through. I’d say that the growth that I was talking about was isolated to a handful of accounts where we’re seeing some funds come into our customers that need to have a temporary home for. It’s not an indication of lack of quality of not picking up additional operating accounts, but we view that as more of a temporary impact.  Chris, do you have anything else you’d add?
Chris Gorman: Yes. Don, the only thing I would add to that is our third party commercial loan servicing business is really a good engine for us to grow quality deposits. If you look at that business, our deposits total about $6.4 billion, and that’s up 15% on a linked quarter and 63% on a year-over-year basis, so that’s one of the vehicles that we’re focusing on, Bill, under the new construct to really grow quality receivables.
Bill Carcache: Okay, so you haven’t seen any notable increase in the amount of non-operating deposits coming your way post-some of the initiatives that the larger banks have undertaken to de-emphasize those?
Don Kimble: No, we have not.
Bill Carcache: Okay, excellent. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go to the line of David Eads with UBS.
David Eads: Hello. Thanks for taking the call. A couple of the banks that we’ve reported, we’ve heard some discussion about middle market C&I looking especially competitive, and I’m just curious if you guys have seen any shifting in the competitive environment there on the middle market side.
Chris Gorman: Sure David, this is Chris. Let me start and then I’ll have E.J. Burke address it from the community bank side as well. There is no question that there are a lot of competitors in the middle market, if you think about the very large banks, the regional banks, the smaller banks, the non-banks, the variety of institutional investors, so we are seeing a lot of competition in the area. One of the ways, though, that we compete as a company is the fact that loans are just a piece of what we offer people, so it really gives us the opportunity to really differentiate ourselves. It is competitive. There still are good loans to be had, but one of the advantages that we have, of course, is that working together, both the corporate bank and the community bank, we can tap into various pools of capital as agent as opposed to principal. So as we look back over the first, say, half of the year, we only put about 18% of the capital that we raised onto our balance sheet, so that’s just another way that we have, another that I think is really differentiated from a lot of our competitive set. E.J.?
E.J. Burke: Yes Chris, I would echo most of what you said, but I would also add to that that in terms of our strategy, because we have a lot of products and we focus on relationship, we don’t get as wound up around pricing as we do around structure and maintaining credit discipline. So if we believe we have a client who wants a broad relationship and the credit metrics look good for us, we know that over time we can generate a profitable relationship even if we are pressured a bit on the loan pricing.  Just to reinforce a little bit of what Chris said, in our community bank we focus primarily on commercial clients, call it $50 million in sales up to $250 million in sales. When we can bring a good capital markets idea to a client in that size range, it clearly makes Key look a little different than the typical community bank that we’re competing against, and that is a competitive advantage that we drive consistently across the franchise. 
David Eads: Great. Thanks for that. I think last quarter you guys talked about creating an initiative to and some incentives to grow the HELOC business a little bit through the summer. It looks like loan balances were pretty much dead flat sequentially. Just curious if you had any update on how that’s going.
Dennis Devine: This is Dennis Devine in the Community Bank. You’ve seen the earnings release - modest increases in the core consumer loan portfolio offset by some runoff in the exits. The consumer loan book is largely shaped at Key by our home equity portfolio. We’re not in a lot of other consumer loan categories that you might see, indirect auto, for example. So sales and new relationship numbers were solid in the second quarter. You actually see ending balances up slightly versus the first quarter. You also see growth in other consumer categories where we compete - credit card and some other direct lending. Those are just small relative to the HELOC book. So you see it across the industry - home equity portfolio pay downs are occurring. There’s not as much growth in that category, so at Key we’ve got a stable, high quality book with a bit of growth in the second quarter but--in fact, a bit fast within the industry but very consistent with what you’re seeing across the rest of the industry.
David Eads: All right, thanks.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to the line of Bob Ramsey at FBR. Please go ahead.
Bob Ramsey: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to be sure that I’m thinking about the expense outlook in the right way. I know you guys said that for the full year, you expect something in the same ballpark, and I guess that implies that in the back half this year the quarterly run rate actually should be lower than either of the first two quarters. Obviously, I get there’s some variability around the incentive comp, but otherwise, is that the right way to think about it?
Don Kimble: Yes, what we’ve talked about for the entire year is that we expect expenses to be relatively stable, and in that we say that that could mean plus or minus 2%. So if you use that as a guidance and take a look at the second half of the year, that would imply a quarterly expense run rate of between $665 million and $715 million of expense. Now again, that’s equal to the first quarter and equal to the second quarter as far as the high and the low in that range, so we would expect to be within that overall guidance range, and some of that is variable based on the level of growth that we see throughout the portfolio.
Bob Ramsey: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you. Then one other question around the net interest income outlook. I know you all have sort of said that you’re pushing out and expecting less of a rate increase this year, just given where we are today. I’m curious if you could tell us how Key is impacted by maybe that first rate increase, whenever it does happen. Is there much lift from a 25 basis point move, or to what extent do floors kind of limit the initial move?
Don Kimble: We don’t have a huge impact from floors, so that really doesn’t limit it a whole lot; but just in a 25 basis point move, that doesn’t drive a lot of incremental net interest income. Our balance sheet is positioned so that we do benefit when we do see that shorter end of the curve move up, but I would think of it more proportionate to what we’ve talked about as far as a 200 basis point increase would have about a 3% lift in net interest income, so the first 25 basis points would drive about an eighth of that. So again, it’s helpful, but just doesn’t move the dial a lot.
Bob Ramsey: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning Don, good morning Beth. Question for you - you guys have had good success in the credit cards, in the revenues generating that fee revenue from payments and such. Don, you talked about there was good growth in the usage of the credit card and debit card products. Can you share with us any more color on how you’re getting that growth; and second, as part of that, though I know your net charge-offs nominally are very small in this area for credit cards, the net charge-off ratio, though, is quite a bit above the trust data that just came out yesterday - it’s less than 2.5%, and you guys are well over 3%. Is there any potential of improvement in that credit card charge-off number as we go forward as well?
Dennis Devine: This is Dennis Devine. I’ll start and hand it to Don. The growth in the card line is coming from the focus and the investments that you’ve seen us speak to around as we brought that product in and as a core part of our relationship strategy, it’s center to how we look to grow with our clients around all aspects of payments. So you see in growth in cards and payments in the community bank - 13% year-over-year that’s driven by credit card, that’s driven by debit card, just a substantial number of additional cards in our clients’ hands. Even as we’ve seen declines in spending in some categories, the volume of activity with our client base is strong and it’s growing. On the charge-off side, you see the continuing decline in the charge-offs since we brought that portfolio back in. We feel really good about the quality of originations that are occurring, so you see that in the strength of consumer credit line items. No doubt we feel good about the quality of the new originations as they grow and the quality of the credit that you see there.
Don Kimble: Dennis stole my thunder there, but I would just say that those charge-offs really are related to the portfolio that we did acquire. It was a legacy portfolio, and as we add new relationships, we should see the overall credit quality picture continue to improve.
Gerard Cassidy: Have you guys seen any pick-up in competition? Some of the bigger credit card companies - I’m thinking Citigroup in particular, it seemed to have now been reinvigorated to try to grow their portfolios. Have you guys seen any of that impact on what you’re trying to do with your portfolio?
Don Kimble: We have a very different model. It’s not really targeting those national cards, and what we’re really focused on is deepening the relationship with our existing retail customers, so we haven’t seen that have a big impact on us. We do value the relationships and our customers do benefit from that expanded relationship, so we’ll continue to drive that model.
Gerard Cassidy: My final question - maybe Beth, you can handle this one. You’ve talked in the past about looking at the residential mortgage business, possibly changing the way you have it structured today. Where is your thinking on what you guys may want to do with that business as you go forward?
Beth Mooney: Gerard, it is true that we have looked at what has been our traditional model, has been an outsourced model, and we are in the process of--we have hired a new president for a mortgage business at Key, which will be a product that we will offer to our clients. We don’t view it as a standalone business, but yet an important relationship product that our clients value. We are in the process of undertaking the ability to stand up the ability to offer mortgages directly and have them be originated through Key, so that is an important strategic initiative for us and we are already investing in some of those capabilities. We expect to be in a position to underwrite and offer mortgages in 2016 directly.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to the line of Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello there. Thank you for taking the question. I’d like to ask a couple of things on credit. Could you just explain the uptick in the provisions, especially in the context of most of the credit indicators appearing to look pretty good?
Bill Hartmann: Hi, this is Bill Hartmann. You kind of trailed off at the end, but it sounded like you were asking about the uptick in provision?
Geoffrey Elliott: Yes, most of the credit indicators seemed to show a bit of an improvement, so I guess I was curious on why the provisions were higher this quarter.
Bill Hartmann: Sure. So where we have been operating over the last several quarters is really kind of at a low point in the cycle, if you will, around charge-offs, non-performing loans, et cetera. So small numbers tend to move things around a little bit, so the increase in provision reflects our focus on really having provision kind of equal net charge-offs, and then we’ve had some movement in various sectors of the portfolio, broad-based, that are really reflected in the provision. We continue to see it operating at a very low level, though. 
Geoffrey Elliott: And then the criticized assets were up again this quarter. Can you give a bit of detail on what was behind the increase?
Bill Hartmann: Yes, the increase in the criticized was across primarily our corporate and community bank, so commercial portfolios, and it’s very broad-based. It does reflect the results of the shared national credit exam, but that was a small part of what was actually contained in it. We see no particular concentrations in the additions. You’ll also notice that we’re not being impacted in our non-performing loans or our delinquencies. Those continue to improve.
Geoffrey Elliott: Great, thank you very much.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. 
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: Beth, my question for you is particularly given your concentration in retail deposits, there’s been a lot of talk so far this earning season on what deposit betas are going to be in a rising rate environment, with some banks saying they’ll be much higher because regulation has essentially made retail deposits more precious, and others saying they might not be as bad because we’re coming from zero. I’m wondering what your thoughts are on this topic.
Don Kimble: Erika, this is Don. I’ll take a first crack at that. I would say near term that we think it would probably play out consistent with what we saw in the last rate increase, which is about a 55% beta. But I think you’re exactly right, that long term those consumer deposits are going to be much more valuable, and I think we’re going to see increased competition for those consumer deposits and therefore we think the beta will be at a little bit higher level than what we had seen historically. Now, helping to offset that a little bit is that banks’ balance sheets are much better positioned today than they were during the last cycle, so you have a much lower loan to deposit ratio today than when we did back in the early 2000’s. The second thing is that money market mutual funds should not be quite as competitive as what they once were because of the break of the buck type of situation does cause some of the treasurers of our customers to reassess whether or not they want to have a bank deposit or a money market mutual fund deposit.
Beth Mooney: Erika, I would add that it is interesting, because we have been in such an extended low interest rate environment that the competitive dynamics of how the industry will respond is a chapter that is yet to be written. I would echo what Don said, that that is our sentiment, that maybe the first couple rate moves will correlate deposit betas in the past, and then it will be a function of, I think, general liquidity within the industry to see if it intensifies competition. But one other thing I would tell you, though, is also the mix of our deposit base is far stronger than it has ever been, as over the last several years our strategies have been to drive core retail and commercial deposit accounts and a less rate-sensitive mix of business than we’ve ever had and more core transactional accounts, so we also feel well positioned that our relationship strategy has given us a nice deposit base for the upcoming rate increases, when and if they occur.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you so much.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to the line of Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Just a clarification, and then my main question. Your cash efficiency ratio remained at 65.1% in the second quarter, same as the first quarter, worse than the fourth quarter. So with all the guidance that you’ve given on this call or direction, do you expect that 65.1% number to go lower in the second half of the year?
Don Kimble: What we’ve talked about, Mike, is driving that down through the next two to three years in the low 60’s, and I would say that over the second half of this year, while we continue to expect to drive positive operating leverage, I don’t think you’re going to see a material change in the overall efficiency ratio, mainly driven by some of the additional costs we talked about as far as having additional branch consolidations in the third and fourth quarter, which will put some pressure on seeing that further improvement.
Mike Mayo: Okay, so when people call me up this morning and say, wow, that efficiency ratio doesn’t look very good, the mitigating factors would be what?
Beth Mooney: Mike, I would say that I continue and we continue to be confident that we are on the path to reduce our efficiency ratio. It is a very important measure to us, and what I see is the combination of two things, both in terms of revenue as well as expense. I do believe, as Don indicated, that expenses have been well controlled, and we continue to invest in our businesses. So some piece of this is we are driving revenue, we are driving positive operating leverage, and many of those investments are not yet mature, so I continue to see the momentum in our core businesses as being a company that will be able to grow revenue, and Don did a little of the math about the year-over-year, if you back out lease termination gains and some other things, could be at 7% revenue growth, so I think that’s an incredibly important focus for us, always coupled with expense discipline. We had some things in this quarter that we have outlined that created that top line number around $711 million in expenses, but underneath it all we have really reduced the core operating expenses of this company and continue to have levers and discipline to do that. So I see us on the path to move into the low 60’s without the benefit of rates, and I’m confident that we are doing the right things to drive our business, grow our business, as well as create a more efficient company.
Mike Mayo: Well since you’re investing for growth on the revenue side, then, it seems like capital markets is the biggest delta. If we could just get some more color - a, what does your capital markets backlog look like at the end of the second quarter; and b, can you give us more color, we get one line item, investment banking and debt placement fees, so $141 million in the second quarter, and now that’s 29% of your fee revenues. Can you just give us more of a breakdown, some of the parts that are moving within that line item?
Chris Gorman: Sure Mike, it’s Chris. Good morning. A couple things - with respect to our backlog, our backlogs are strong. Obviously it’s all market dependent, but as I mentioned earlier in the call, we’re out there having quality discussions with clients and prospects, and they have a bias for action right now as they think about how to grow their business. So we feel pretty good about where the business is positioned. A big part of that are the investments that we’ve made, and if you think about it, of our most senior calling people, we’ve grown that universe, that sales force by 36% since mid-2013. We also, as Beth and Don both mentioned earlier, have invested in our payments business, which augments not our investment banking and debt placement lines but it augments our entire business, and it’s kind of the holistic approach to how we go to the market. Now specifically some areas that were particularly good, we were up across the board, but some areas were in the equity business, both real estate and technology had a good quarter. In the M&A business, both industrial and technology had a good quarter, so when we think about our business, we first go to which of our seven industry verticals is it, and that’s kind of how we look at the business.
Mike Mayo: And just lastly, any more breakdown you can give us on your investment banking and debt placement fees? If we were to break it down between, I don’t know, underwriting equity, underwriting mergers, FIC trading and equity trading, any even rough sizing?
Chris Gorman: We do not in fact break it out, Mike, but it is a fairly balanced approach because our whole strategy is go out to our clients and really figure out what is most advantageous for them at any particular time. As I’m looking at these numbers, there is growth in all categories and it’s pretty well balanced.
Mike Mayo: All right, thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Thank you.
Operator: We will go to the line of Kevin Barker at Compass Point.
Kevin Barker: Thank you for taking my questions. I just wanted to go over the use of your commercial swap portfolio and some of the comments you made in past quarters. I know you’ve mentioned that you always have some type of swap portfolio in place, but could you talk about if we do see some rise in rates, how much of that do you expect to continue to hold, or do you feel like you’d be more aggressive with letting the swap portfolio mature in a rising rate environment?
Don Kimble: What we’ve talked about before is without the use of our swap book, that we have had about an 8% asset sensitive balance sheet. So we try to use the swap to help minimize that over time, that each time that we meet as a team to assess where we are from a rate sensitivity perspective, we evaluate how we want to be positioned, what we’re seeing from the forward curve, and whether or not we need to make adjustments to that. But I do not want to give the impression that we would ever take that swap book to zero, or that we would double it and take significant rate bets, but that we use that position us to lean in heavier one way or the other as to what our outlook would be. So right now, we continue to be asset sensitive and we’re very comfortable with that, and we’ll continue to reassess that each time we take a look at this, which is at least on a monthly basis.
Kevin Barker: Do you see it as a risk-reward regarding the potential returns on the swaps, or it something along the lines of we’re changing our outlook on the rate environment?
Don Kimble: What we do is we use this as more of a way to position the overall balance sheet to benefit from rate increases or changes, so it truly is a hedge book, because we don’t want to be overly asset sensitive. It allows us to manage on the margin as to whether we want to be slightly asset sensitive or slightly liability sensitive.
Kevin Barker: Thank you for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Speakers, at this time we have no further questions in queue. I will now turn it back over to Ms. Mooney for closing remarks.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney - Chairman and CEO Don Kimble - Chief Financial Officer Chris Gorman - President, Corporate Bank E.J. Burke - Co-President, Community Bank Dennis Devine - Co-President, Community Bank Bill Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Steven Alexopoulos - J.P. Morgan Ken Usdin - Jefferies Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kevin St. Pierre - Bernstein Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley John Pancari - Evercore ISI Jason Harbes - Wells Fargo Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott Gerard Cassidy - RBC Jeffrey Elliott - Autonomous Jill Shea - Credit Suisse David Eads - UBS Nancy Bush - NAB Bill Carcache - Nomura Kevin Barker - Compass Point
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the KeyCorp’s First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. Good morning. And welcome to KeyCorp’s first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Joining me for today’s presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer, and available for the Q&A portion of the call is Chris Gorman, President of our Corporate Bank; E.J. Burke and Dennis Devine, Co-Presidents of our Community Bank; and Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide two is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I’m now turning to slide three. I’ll provide some overview comments on the first quarter and then I’ll turn it over to Don to give you more detail on our financial results. The first quarter was a solid start to the year. We produced bottomline results consistent with our expectations by managing expenses and growing revenue in many of our businesses, which helped offset the impacts of higher provision expense and lower revenue in investment banking and debt placement fees. Revenue was up from the prior year and expenses were well managed resulting in modest positive operating leverage for the quarter. We had solid loan growth with average balances up 5% from the prior year and as in prior quarters continued to be driven by an increase commercial, financial and agricultural loans which were up 12%. Most fee income categories were in line with our expectations and reflected growth from investments we have been making in areas such as trust investment services and cards and payments. And as I indicated, investment banking and debt placement fees were lower this quarter. The decline was due to lower revenue from loan syndications and financial advisory fees. Although, investment banking and debt placement fees can vary on a quarterly basis, we expect this business to grow in 2015 from its record level of performance in 2014. Expenses were well-controlled up only $5 million from the same quarter last year, despite the impact of the Pacific Crest Securities acquisition. We remained committed to continue to improve productivity and efficiency, resulting in our outlook for positive operating leverage for the year. Additionally, we absorb higher credit costs with our provision up $31 million from a year ago period and in the quarter, our provision expense exceeded net charge-off. Our asset quality remained strong, as net charge-offs continue to be well below our targeted range. And while the lending environment remains competitive, we are remaining disciplined on quality and structure, and staying true to our relationship strategy. During the quarter, we also remained disciplined in managing our strong capital position. We repurchased $208 million in common shares in the first quarter, completing our 2014 capital plan. We were pleased to receive no objection to our 2015 capital plan from the Federal Reserve. We expect to return a significant amount of our net income to our shareholders over the next five quarters, including a share repurchase program of up to $725 million and subject to approval by our Board of Directors, and increase in the quarterly dividend of 15%. We anticipate these actions will lead to an estimated payout ratio that is among the highest in our peer group for the third consecutive year. Overall, it was a solid start to the year. While the pace of economic recovery and the low interest rate environment remain challenging, we believe we are well positioned. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Don to discuss the details of our fiscal results.
Don Kimble: Thanks Beth. I’m on slide five. This morning we reported net income from continuing operations of $0.26 per common share for the first quarter compared to $0.26 for the year ago quarter and $0.28 for the fourth quarter. I will cover many of these items on this slide throughout my presentation. So I’ll now turn to slide six. Average total loan growth continued in the first quarter with balances up $3 billion or 5% compared to year ago quarter and up $971 million from the fourth quarter. Our year-over-year growth was once again driven primarily by commercial, financial and agricultural loans and it was broad based across Key’s business lending segments. Average commercial, financial, and agricultural loans were up $3 billion or 12% compared to the prior year and were up $1 billion or 4% on annualized compared to the fourth quarter. Continuing on the slide seven, on the liability side of the balance sheet average deposits were up $3 billion one year ago and down $284 million from the fourth quarter. Deposit growth of 5% from the prior year was driven by growth in non-interest bearing deposits and strength from our commercial mortgage servicing business. Compared to the prior quarter, balances decreased slightly primarily due to expected declines in our CD balances. And the cost of our total deposits remained low at 15 basis points compared to the 20 basis points one year ago reflecting our more favorable deposit mix. Turning to slide eight, taxable equivalent net interest income was $577 million for the first quarter compared to $569 million in the first quarter of 2014 and $588 million in the fourth quarter of this year. Net interest income was up $8 million from a year ago with a benefit from higher loan balances offset by lower earning asset yields. Compared to the fourth quarter, net interest income was down $11 million primarily as a result of fewer days in the quarter. Our net interest margin was 2.91%, which was down 3 basis points from the prior quarter, reflecting the impact from lower earning asset yields. We expect to maintain our modest asset sensitivity and the duration and characteristics of Key’s loan and investment portfolios continue to position us to realize more benefit from a rise in the shorter end of the yield curve. Slide nine shows the summary of noninterest income which accounts for 43% of our total revenue. Noninterest income in the first quarter was $437 million, up 1% from the prior year and down 11% from the prior quarter. Compared to the prior year, we saw growth in several of our fee-based businesses including trust and investment services and cards and payments. We also benefited from higher principal investing gains and corporate-owned life insurance. Offsetting this growth was a $16 million decline in investment banking and debt-placement fees that resulted from lower financial advisory fees as well as the impact to the timing of closed transactions. Additionally, operating lease income and other leasing gains declined due to the early termination of leveraged lease in the year ago period. Compared to the fourth quarter, lower non-interest income results reflects seasonality and several fee categories as well as variability in our model I referenced earlier. The growth we saw in the quarter was more than offset by the decline in investment banking and debt placement fees which was primarily caused by lower revenue from loan syndications and financial advisory fees. Turning to slide 10, non-interest expense for the first quarter was $669 million, up $5 million from the year ago period and down $35 million from the fourth quarter. First quarter expenses were 1% higher than our prior year primarily related to the Pacific Crest acquisition and higher employee benefit cost. Compared to the fourth quarter, expenses were down 5% as lower incentive compensation, marketing cost, salaries, and professional fees more than offset higher employee benefit cost. This quarter, our cash efficiency ratio was 65%, which reflects our hard work and improvement over the past few years. The efficiency ratio remains an important measure for us and we expect to continue to make progress in 2015. We remain committed to generating cost savings through our continuous improvement efforts, which will enable us to make investments and offset normal expense growth. Turning to slide 11, net charge-offs of $28 million or 20 basis points of average loans in the first quarter which continues to be well below our targeted range. In the first quarter, we began reporting provision for credit losses on our income statement. This line includes provision for loan on lease losses as well as the provision for unfunded commitments which was moved from non-interest expense. Prior years have been adjusted for this comparison. In the first quarter, provision for credit losses of $35 million was $31 million higher than a year ago period. Additionally, this quarter, provision exceeded charge-offs. At March 31, 2015, our reserve for loan losses represented 1.37% of period-end loans and 182% coverage over non-performing loans. Turning to slide 12, this quarter, we begin reporting our Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, which was implemented as part of the Regulatory Capital Rules for banks like Key at the beginning of this year. Our Common Equity Tier 1 ratio was strong at March 31st at 10.8%. As Beth mentioned, we repurchased $208 million in gross common shares in the first quarter, which completes our 2014 capital plan. And we are now moving forward with our 2015 capital plan including a new share repurchase program of up to $725 million in common shares over the next five quarters and an increased dividend subject to Board approval. Importantly, our capital plans reflect our commitments to remaining discipline in managing our strong capital position. Moving on slide 13, as we look ahead for the remainder of 2015, we remain on track and our committed to meeting the full year outlook that we shared on our fourth quarter call in January. Average loans should grow in the mid single digit range as we benefit from the strength in our commercial businesses. We anticipate net interest income growth in low to mid-single digit percentage growth compared to 2014, which does include the benefit from higher rate as we currently are modeling short-term rates to increase 25 basis points late in the year. Without the benefit of higher rates, we would anticipate net interest income to be up in the low single digit range. Our net interest margin should remain relatively stable and based on interest rates it may increase later in the year. Non-interest income is expected to be up in the mid single digit percentage range for the year and full year reported expenses should be relatively stable with 2014. Credit quality should remain a good story with net charge-offs to lower targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points and we also expect provision to approximate net charge-off. And finally, we expect to continue to execute on our share repurchase authorization, consistent with our capital plan. With that, I will close and I turn the call back over to operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: Maybe I will start. Looking at the pullback of the investment banking and debt placement fees, the drop was far more dramatic than what I was looking for. Even expected loan syndication and debt placement fees performed. Could you quantify how much of that decline actually came from those two items? Maybe talk about how the rest of the business performed in the quarter and then comment on the pipeline and where you expect this to rebound to?
Chris Gorman: Sure, Steve. It’s Chris Gorman. Good morning. So as we look at this business and we’ve always felt this way. If we really need to look at it on a trailing 12-month basis and as Beth mentioned in her opening comments, we still anticipate that we will grow our investment banking and debt placement fees in 2015, as we have in each of the last five years. Now the two areas that you point out where we had challenges were specifically isolated on our financial advisory and our syndications business and those to some extent are related. We do a lot of buy side work and as you know in the M&A business in general, there is a lot of variability and we ran into some issues seasonality’s part of it, timing as it relates to specific deals is part of it. And the other thing is in this kind of an environment. In some instances, our clients were not able to win the deals that we were advising them on just based on the climate. So those were a few of the things that impacted those specific areas. Now the areas that -- the other areas from a product perspective were impacted are things like our balance sheet. We are obviously able to grow our balance sheet well and we also saw strength in certain sector in our industrial and reclass. As it relates to the backlog, the backlog is strong. It’s up about 130% of what it was last year. One of the things that gives us a lot of comfort is you look at held for sale and as you look at what we have in terms of held for sale, that’s elevated two times what it was at year end and I’m looking at 331 ending numbers and maybe four times what it was a year ago. So if you look at all those things and I’m not with our clients a lot, the activity is -- there is not for lack of activity, a lot of activity, lot of good discussions. So in general that’s why we feel pretty good as we look forward.
Steven Alexopoulos: So, Chris, if you look at that trailing average that you cite, you are anyway a net $80 million to $100 million range per quarter. Is that where you expect to -- at least it will move back to here in near term?
Chris Gorman: So, we don’t look on it. We don’t look at it on a per quarter basis. But as you think about if we are going to grow at year-over-year and last year, we did -- I don’t know 392 or so. Obviously that means on an average, we are going to have to have some pretty significant quarters in the last three quarters of the year.
Don Kimble: Yes. Steven, this is Don. And you’re right that that would imply an average of about a $110 million a quarter for the rest of this year. So there would be a meaningful step-up from where we were in the first quarter.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And Don on, the margin guidance was unchanged, which is really full year guidance. But until we get higher short-term rates, should we think about NIM pressure somewhere to what we saw this quarter?
Don Kimble: We would think generally they would be fairly stable with where it is. But I’ll tell you that this past quarter some of the impact was the issuance of the debt, which cost us about a basis point. We did have some loan fee that came through in the fourth quarter that wouldn’t be recurring in nature. And also, we’ve been expecting that our loan growth would exceed our deposit growth. And as strong as our loan growth has been, our deposits year-over-year were also up 5%. And so that efficiency of the balance sheet didn’t materialize as much as we would have expected in the first quarter this year compared to year ago. So that what helps keep that margin stable over for the remainder of the year is having a little bit more efficient balance sheet.
Steven Alexopoulos: And just one final one on the EMP portfolio, are you seeing any surprises thus far in the spring with redetermination of borrowing basis? Thanks.
Bill Hartmann: This is Bill Hartmann, Steve. We’ve seen exactly what we expected to see in that portfolio. No surprises.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Don, I was wondering if you can just provide a little more context in terms of the loan growth. There was really good more so at period end. And also, I saw that you moved a bunch over to held-for-sale. Can you talk about like the progression of growth throughout the quarter? And then also then just that color on the -- what’s moving to held-for-sale and when do you expect to get rid of that?
Don Kimble: No, you’re right. As far as the loan growth, we had a strong finish to the fourth quarter, which set up the first quarter well, but we also saw period end loan growth from fourth quarter to first quarters. We’re very pleased with that. Now as far as the loans held for sale, those are designated at a time of origination to be placed into that category. And so it really reflects the timing of when transactions are closed. And that’s what also gives us confident as Chris mentioned earlier as far as the outlook for fee income going forward.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And my follow-up is, Don, underneath the surface, you’ve had the good expense control again underneath the line. And I’m wondering the $7 million of the continuous improvement and I think you’re still on track to do around the same amount that you had indicated before the 30. Are we kind of had a good level for expenses? Can you still expect that stable? Any drift as this investment bank revenue potentially comes up and we will see that naturally shift back up. It seems have been again a seasonally lower number given the pullback in the investment bank as well. So I just want to understand that trajectory.
Don Kimble: You’re right. That first quarter has some seasonal impacts as far as the negative, the benefit costs and highest in the first quarter compared to the rest of the year. But that we also tend to have lower marketing expenses. And in this quarter as you highlighted our incentive expense was lower because of the lower investment banking and debt placement fees. And so as those revenues pick up that we will see an increase to the incentive line item as well, but that still would help us meet our positive operating leverage target for the full year with having that type of growth.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Great. Thanks, Don.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Just had a quick question on sort of the health of particularly the Midwest manufacturing base because as you have a couple cross-currents, on one hand energy is obviously kind of a tailwind for their cost, but by same token the strong dollar seemingly would be more of a headwind. I wonder if you can just sort of talk about what your customers are thinking and saying about health of their overall businesses?
Chris Gorman: Sure. Scott, it’s Chris. So as you can imagine, it sort of depends by vertical. I would say that our manufacturers -- obviously the dollar has made it more challenging for our industrial clients, so that’s one area. Areas that are particularly benefited in the current operating environment are specialty chemical business where natural gas is a feedstock. We’re doing a lot of business right now in specialty chemical. Conversely, obviously, our oil and gas business, which we talked about earlier, the pullback in terms of CapEx in most of the shale plays is 30% to 40% and I think you’ll see that triple through in the secondary and tertiary effect. And then lastly, one thing that really impacts the Midwest in the significant way is the automotive business and our analyst is looking for sales at retail this year to be $16.9 million units up from $16.4 million. And there is also a positive mix shift lot of SUV’s and pickup trucks which are higher margin. And then one thing that hasn’t been discussed a lot is the Class 8 Truck market which is also strong. So that’s kind of a walk through kind of what’s going on in the Midwest economy.
Scott Siefers: Okay. That’s perfect. And I think most of my others were already answered. So appreciate it.
Don Kimble: Sure. Thank Scott.
Beth Mooney: Thanks Scott.
Operator: And we’ll go to Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: Just a quick one for me as well, I am sorry Don, if I missed this in the prepared remarks? But could you give us an update on where you are on the LCR and also if your guidance for stable NIM if the fed doesn’t move this year contemplate any further LCR related balance sheet actions?
Don Kimble: As far as LCR for the fourth quarter we are operating on a regular basis at high 80s, so we are in good shape as far as being able to achieve that 90% target for the first quarter of next year. We’ve also continued to migrate our investment portfolio to more Ginnie Mae that we are in at about 44% of the total portfolio and as we have cash flows from the existing portfolio we’ll continue to reinvest those in Ginnie Mae. And so we do not expect any significant impact on our margin going forward from any further actions and believe that that the guidance doesn’t contemplate us achieving that 90% plus coverage ratio by next year.
Erika Najarian: Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go to Kevin St. Pierre with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Kevin St. Pierre: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. You had very solid growth in commercial loans, but the 6 basis point decline in the yield let to sort of flattish interest revenue from the commercial portfolio? Could you comment on how much of that is driven by the competitive environment? Don you mentioned some fees which may have not come through, can you talk about the decline in the yield?
Don Kimble: The decline in the yield, we had about $2 million of higher fees that came through in the fourth quarter that didn’t reoccur in the first quarter and weren’t present for the first quarter of last year. And so if you take a look at the total loan yields over the last year it would have been an average rate of compression less than that 6 basis points that you saw a reference. So we don’t think it’ll continue at that same type of pace, but that there still is pressure on loan yields that we are seeing new originations still coming in about 25 basis points lower than where we were a year ago and not seeing that pressure come down much at all.
Kevin St. Pierre: Okay. And maybe just a bigger NIM question or a broader question. We have seen about eight plus quarters of a steady lead down in the NIM and now you are guiding that, if rates don’t move up will still be sort of flattish? What from a big picture perspective has changed, why -- that we wouldn’t expect that continue to 3 to 5 basis points lead downward over the next few quarters?
Don Kimble: Yeah. There are two components that would be driving that. One is that our yield on our investment portfolio is now down to 2.1%, so the further reduction there should not have as much of an impact as what it has had historically. And the second is that we still believe that our loan growth will exceed deposit growth and that will allow us to have a little bit more efficient balance sheet. And so, even though we would expect pressure to remain on loan yields, we think the mix of the balance sheet should offset that allowing us to maintain a more stable margin. Take a look at our overall cash position. It was about $2.5 billion again this past quarter, which is above where we would typically target of around a $1 billion. And so that’s continued to put pressure on the margin from that perspective as well.
Kevin St. Pierre: Great. Thanks very much, Don.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe: Great. Thanks. Just in terms of your expense guidance have stabled, is -- how much is in incremental efficiency charges is in that number this year?
Don Kimble: We’ve talked about our range consistent with where we are operating for the first quarter, which is in the $30 million plus or minus range and so we had $7 million of charges in Q1 and we’d expect that to be about that same range for the full year.
Ken Zerbe: Got you. And does that drop-off in 2016 or is that just more of a stable ongoing number that we should expect?
Don Kimble: We are going to be continued to focus on continues improvement throughout the organization. And so I don’t know its going to continue at $30 million, but we will have some level continue going forward, just because we believe that this ongoing opportunity is to right size our branch distribution of 2% to 3% a year, and we will also have other effort to look at end-to-end processing type of opportunities to get more efficiencies to help fund some of the investments going forward. So, we really look at this as more of a core component of our cost base for now.
Ken Zerbe: Understood. Okay. And second question is just in terms of loan growth, obviously very strong C&I growth with some of the other categories other than construction, probably not as strong. I know your focus has been on C&I, but do you guys have any commentary on more of the weakness in some of the other categories? Thanks.
Don Kimble: As far as the weakness, one thing it does impact to have, we still have about $2 billion of exit portfolios that are mainly in other categories, a lot in the consumer book and also some in the commercial leasing book. So as that continues to run down at about $150 million to $200 million a quarter that will put pressure on those portfolios. Then you look beyond that, we don’t have the typical consumer book of business that really is primarily focused on our home equity and our first mortgage position and doesn’t include an indirect auto portfolio where others are seeing much stronger growth than what we would experienced during the last year or so. So, I would say that it’s more demand focused as far as the weaker growth then also reflective of that exit portfolio I mentioned.
Ken Zerbe: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will go to John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
John Pancari: How much of the $6 million linked quarter decline in comp expense was tied to the lower investment banking incentive accruals?
Don Kimble: We do provide a little bit more of a breakout on that on page 20 of the earnings press release. You can see that our incentives were down from $105 million in the fourth quarter to $70 million in the first quarter this year that this comparable amount in the first quarter of 2014 would have been $72 million. So it’s a decline in both the year-over-year and also linked quarter information.
John Pancari: Okay. So should that be the extent of the snapback that we could see in the comp expense line, assuming we see the investment banking activity rebound?
Don Kimble: The $35 million change is probably outside what you would see from taking the investment banking backup from the fourth quarter -- from the first quarter of this year to fourth quarter of last year. But we should see some increase in incentives when those revenues do come through at a stronger pace.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. And then also related to expenses, your long-term below 60% target for the efficiency ratio, can you just help us understand how much by way of higher rates is in that assumption for the fed funds target?
Don Kimble: If you look at slide 16 of the deck, it does have to walk forward of that efficiency ratio and you can see based on that there is probably a range of that impact. We’ve talked about we would expect our efficiency ratio to be in the low 60s without the benefit of rates and in the high 50s with the benefit of rate. So we haven’t gotten more specific than that.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Good. Thanks. And then lastly on the energy portfolio. Sorry, if you already said this. But did you take an energy related loan loss provision this quarter, or did you reallocate incremental reserves from unallocated to allocated for energy this quarter?
Don Kimble: As we talked about last quarter, we did set aside a portion of our judgmental reserve for the oil and gas portfolio and we did see the portfolio moving in line with our expectations and so we did not have any adjustment or increase to our overall allowance this past quarter for that migration.
John Pancari: Okay. And you haven not quantified what your energy specific reserve is as of this time?
Don Kimble: We have not, no.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jason Harbes: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. It’s Jason Harbes actually for Matthew.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Jason Harbes: Hey. Good morning. So nice strength in the trust and investment services line this quarter from I guess Pacific Crest. So just curios as to get your take on how sustainable you think that is this year and just to get a sense for your appetite to do additional acquisitions along those lines?
Chris Gorman: Jason, it is Chris. As it relates to Pacific Crest, we feel really good about where the business is positioned. We think we will continue to be able to generate revenues in trust and investment services. Just this Monday, we actually combined the two broker/dealers. So now Pacific Crest is a fully integrated vertical, technology vertical within our corporate and investment bank. As it relates to other acquisitions, there are clearly businesses out there that are very niche, very focused and that we think could fit into the platform that we built. So just as we a couple of years ago grew by adding things in our third party commercial loan servicing business and last year grew by acquiring Pacific Crest. There are other opportunities out there, but in the ordinary course we always are looking.
Jason Harbes: Okay. Thanks. And just as a follow-up or maybe switching over to credit. The credit costs came in a little higher and it looks like the NPAs in the commercial side picked up as well. I mean, was that a function of anything in particular or perhaps energy, or just want to get your take on kind of what’s driving the credit cost higher and to get maybe your outlook for credit cost going forward?
Bill Hartmann: Jason, this is Bill Hartmann. If we look back over the last several quarters, what we have seen is a very strong asset quality being pretty consistent from quarter-to-quarter. So we think that we’ve actually kind of normalized at this level. And we have also indicated that because it’s -- the statistics are so low at this point any one or two smaller items could actually move the numbers around a little bit. And so we will expect to see some modest variation from quarter-to-quarter.
Jason Harbes: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Sameer Gokhale with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go ahead.
Sameer Gokhale: Hi, thank you. Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Sameer Gokhale: I have few questions. Firstly, I was just curious if you could talk a little bit about C&I loan growth. You’ve been asked a few questions about that. But one other things I have been puzzling over is what is -- has been keeping C&I growth so high for so long. And it would be helpful to get your perspective on what you think is continuing to drive that, simply because at one point it was inventory builds than we heard about companies that were spending on infrastructure, especially technology infrastructure, but you continue to see C&I loan growth juggling along and pretty attractive rates and your results show the same thing. So at this point when you look at the drivers of C&I loan growth, what would you attribute those to?
Chris Gorman: Sameer, it’s Chris. It’s obviously situational company by company. But as we kind of step back and look at it, it is not an increase in utilization. Our utilization rates have been flat for the last four quarters. In certain instances, we do see people investing in property, plant, and equipment demands hiring a lot of people. We do see some transactional activity, which obviously helps growth. And in our instance, we believe we have been able with our unique model to take some share. We’ve added 142 clients in the first quarter and we think that’s a factor as well.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. It’s just interesting within the context of the Fed data showing 10% growth in C&I loans for everybody across the industry so and it seems like everybody is doing similar things in generating growth, which led me to think maybe to some more underlying fundamentals driving that, but your perspective is helpful. The other thing I was curious about is, if you could just talk again or just remind us about your go-to-market strategy in your investment banking business. And the reason I asked that is because for quite some time now we have been hearing about the large cap banks and how from an investment banking standpoint, it used to be the case where they could more easily use their balance sheets to help their capital markets businesses, doing investment banking and then promising loans and packaging those deals and they have had a very difficult time from what we are hearing and doing that for quite sometime now. So I was wondering from where you said and as you managed that business, do you go to market using your balance sheet more readily perhaps to help support your investment banking business, or is that something that’s going to affect you as well, so your perspective there would also be helpful?
Don Kimble: So our approach is a very focused relationship approach and we are very targeted and that we focused on certain sectors and specifically middle market companies within those sectors. As it would happen, as our businesses continue to evolve often we start a relationship with an advisory or transformative kind of transaction. But we do think there is huge value and we see it resonate with our clients to have an integrated corporate and investment bank where we can use our balance sheet or we can -- as principal or we can act as agent helping our clients access the markets and grow their business.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. And then just a couple of other quick ones, GE Capital that’s selling a bunch of different businesses and assets, have you express an interest in acquiring any of those businesses or portfolios?
Beth Mooney: Sameer, this is Beth. As you would expect, we don’t typically comment on any specific transactions that might or might not in the market. And as a historical precedent, we haven’t bought portfolios for say just to supplement our balance sheet. But where we would see perhaps client opportunity fit with our business model and risk profile, I think as you’ve seen some of the puts and takes that we have done over the last couple of years, we have reviewed those types of opportunities in the past. GE, I would say has been a strong competitor in the market. We see them in many of our businesses. And we think these kinds of situation often create opportunities for our teams as markets get disrupted.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. Thanks, Beth. And then just my last one was on the tax rate would seem to be a little below where you’ve been trending over the last few quarters, anything unusual going on there this quarter?
Don Kimble: We did have a few credits come through this quarter that we talked about for the future quarters that we see an effective tax rate in the 26% to 28% range for those future quarter. So there was a slight benefit this quarter.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay, okay. Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Thank you.
Operator: And next go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Don, can you share with us on your buyback? Are you permitted if you want to do more of it in the first or second quarters of the period which starts of course, second quarter of this year for the CCAR fiscal year? Can you do -- does that spread out evenly overall four or five quarters or can you frontloaded if you wanted to?
Don Kimble: Great question. And as we submit our capital plans, the instructions are that we need to keep our capital actions consistent with our overall plan, which doesn’t necessarily allow for our frontend loading of those share buybacks. The other thing we do have is that when we issue shares for employee benefit-related plans and that we’re able to buy those back and those tend to happen in the first quarter of each calendar year. And that’s why you saw a higher level of share buybacks here in the first quarter of this year compared to what you’ve seen in the previous three quarters.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. And on your slide 9 -- 15 where you guys give us the progress on targets for success, some of them have obviously been met and you exceed some of them. What kind of interest rate environment, would you envision to have your net interest margin get to that target of 3.5% from where you are today at 2.91%?
Don Kimble: We do have to see a much more normal rate environment which would be up to about 300 basis points from where it is today before we could start to get to that three-fifth margin. So it’s something that would be very difficult if not impossible for our balance sheet to achieve until we’ve start to see that rate environment change.
Gerard Cassidy: Sure. And coming back to your comments on about the efficiency of the balance sheet and seeing that deposit growth? Are there any plans, I know your CDs have been coming down, the higher cost deposits? Are there any other plans you could put in place to reduce some of the higher cost deposits quicker to make that balance sheet more efficient?
Don Kimble: One area that we’ve been focused on as it is making sure that where we have collateralize deposits that we encourage those to be full relationships for us to support that kind of deposit to be on our balance sheet. And so we’ve seen some of those balances leave and we would expect to see a several more leave between now and the end of year. But as we look at our deposit mix we have been very aggressive as far as managing rates and making sure that we are focused on supporting more of the relationship in total. And so we are trying to make sure that we match up our higher rates with our best overall customers.
Gerard Cassidy: And then just finally, I want to make sure I heard you correctly you guys talked about that the loan growth at the end of the fourth quarter accelerated for the fourth quarter result? Did you see that gain at the end of March, there was an acceleration of loan growth as well?
Don Kimble: We did -- that [period] [ph] balances are up at the end of the first quarter compared to the average. And so we had a nice close to the end of the quarter, which positioned as well in the second quarter as well.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you for your time. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go to Jeffrey Elliott with Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Elliott: Hello, there. I wondered if you could discuss in a bit more detail what you can do to deliver on the long-term cash efficiency ratio target if rates don’t go up so going down into the low 60’s excluding rate rises, because I guess, if I look at 1Q ‘15 you were at 65.1% and 1Q ‘14 you were at 65.1%? It kind of feels like without rates, that’s being going side ways or I guess you’ve got some plans that you think should enable you to get it down?
Don Kimble: As far as the year-over-year stability that we had some non-recurring type of revenues in the first quarter of last year, including the gain on the sale of the leverage lease transaction, which helped benefit the first quarter of last year. As you look at our long-term plans it’s focused on driving positive operating leverage. And so that starts with growing revenues and even with our full year guidance for 2015 we talk about showing year-over-year growth and net interest income even if rates are flat. And we experience that during the first quarter if you look at the year-over-year change in our net interest income its up $8 million despite the fact that rates are flat with the first quarter of last year. Other revenue initiatives would include the benefit of some of the investments we have been making. We’ve been adding to our frontline distribution capabilities for both the Corporate Bank and the Community Bank, and those aren’t all fully mature yet and so we will see additional benefits from those investments. We’ve been making investments in payments space and if you look at our cards and payments revenue it’s up 10% year-over-year, if that reflects the investments we’ve been making there and so our guidance for the full year of this year is mid single-digit growth in fee income. And so we believe that we can generate revenue growth and keep our expenses relatively flat. And the initiatives we are focused on on driving that expense level to be flat would include continued focused on reducing occupancy cost both through non-branch space where we’ve talked about reducing that by 15% between now and 2016. Earlier we mentioned that our branches are expect to go down by 2% to 3% per year as we make that infrastructure more efficient. And we are having on going efforts to take a look at our front and back office functions to see on an end-to-end basis like we make those efficient and that’s just could be part of the culture here and driving that continuous improvement. And so the combination of all those that revenue growth supporting -- supported by keeping the expenses flat from getting cost saves to -- save for the investments we are making give us confidence, so we can drive that efficiency ratio to that low 60% range even without the benefit rates.
Jeffrey Elliott: And then just to follow-up on some of the earlier questions on credit and we are taking up criticized assets, I appreciate that your credit is pretty good and [want to see more rise which] [ph] can move things around a bit. But on the other hand it looks like it’s the end of a 23 quarter half of those criticized assets declining every quarter? So can you be little more specific on, what the areas well resulting in the uptick and how you think about things from here?
Bill Hartmann: Yeah. This is Bill Hartmann, Jeffrey. So we track the portfolio very closely and we are not seeing any trend that might be suggesting that there has been any change in the environment for credit. Again kind of reiterating what I said earlier, we’re at such a low level across our loan books that one or two names that might occur are going to change the -- are going to change some of those statistics modestly. But we are not seeing that that’s going to have a significant move in our credit losses at all.
Jeffrey Elliott: And could you say what industries or different kind of flavor of larger clients, smaller clients, geography, I mean anything at all to give us an idea where this is come from?
Don Kimble: We really can’t say that because it didn’t in anyone industry or geography. We are not seeing any trend. It’s just -- we are operating with a lot of small numbers and any day you could have something that changes. And it’s just the way normal business environment is.
Jeffrey Elliott: Right. Thank you very much.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go to Jill Shea with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jill Shea: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. You touched on this a little bit on the prior question just about the deposit mix and CDs and time deposits coming down, but could you just speak more generally about total funding cost and what you sort of factor in, in terms of your outlook for holding the NIM relatively stable from here?
Don Kimble: Yes. Our outlook would assume that we basically continue to see funding costs remain relatively stable, but that show again a change in the mix overall as far as the balance sheet and see that the loan growth would exceed the deposit growth and allow us to come up with the more efficient balance sheet.
Jill Shea: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And we will go to David Eads with UBS. Please go ahead.
David Eads: Hello. Thanks for taking the call. Just quickly on expenses, we have a nice tick-down in the business services and professional fee line both on a sequential and year-over-year basis. It’s a little bit surprising just given -- we’ve heard about on pressures about regulatory and technology spending front of note. I was wondering if you could touch on kind of where you see the outlook for that expense line item.
Don Kimble: Generally we would see -- this has been the new line baseline for us and not seeing significant changes one way or the other from that line item.
David Eads: Great. And then just if you could touch a little bit more on kind of your energy vertical kind of because you have such a unique perspective there. Are you guys seeing the clients looking to tap capital market early and like how long do you think that is going to last and how much kind of appetite there is from investors? And then I guess what that kind of means for your -- the outlook for either putting more or less in terms of energy on the balance sheet?
Chris Gorman: David, it’s Chris. We have seen that our clients have been able to go to the markets. And so that one of the things that gives us confidence with respect to the portfolio. In our portfolio, less than 40% of the capital structure is typically senior debt and what we’ve seen is that our clients have been able to go to the high yield market. So it’s -- we feel that there will be a time when there is an opportunity to continue to grow the business, but I think right now we are in the mode of advising our clients as everybody works through what has been a very sudden price change.
David Eads: Right. Thanks.
Beth Mooney: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go to Nancy Bush with [ANB] [ph]. Please go ahead.
Nancy Bush: Also note that’s NAB, but that’s okay.
Beth Mooney: Good morning, NAB
Nancy Bush: Good morning. Going back to your commentary on commercial line utilization, we heard yesterday from I think both USB and PNC that they were seeing an uptick or it was sounded like a very modest uptick in the utilization of commercial lines. And I guess I am just a bit mystified along with a lot of other people at this point. How we continue to see loan growth optimism about the economy etcetera, etcetera without seeing anything happen in utilization of commercial lines? Can you just tell me what your conversations with your customers tell you about what seems to be a phenomenon?
Don Kimble: Nancy, you are right. I mean, as we sit down with clients, rate never having been this low for this long. I think some of the basic behaviors have changed, but you just described exactly what we’re seeing and that our deposits continue to grow. They continue to have cash. They are really not -- our clients are not really tapping their lines. I think to some degree, companies are going to just run with higher levels of cash going forward, but it is the unique phenomenon. E.J., do you have a perspective?
E.J. Burke: Well, Chris, I would agree with that. Our client’s outlook and leverage -- in the Community Bank our clients prefer to use their own. They are generating a lot of cash in their business. Our cash balances like in the Corporate Bank have been rising. We had a good growth in cash balances in the -- our first quarter or so. Our clients just don’t deal like they want to take on rental leverage right now. Their businesses are good. They generating the cash but they just don’t want to take on a lot of leverage right now.
Nancy Bush: With rates as low as they are, I guess my question is sort of what are they waiting for? I mean, do you think that if they became to see the prospects or more definite prospects of rates rising that maybe they are within the lines at that point or what the signal are they waiting for?
Don Kimble: I think, they are still -- Nancy, I think most of them are generating a fair amount of cash. Most of them have had really improved the operating efficiency of their business.
Nancy Bush: Right.
Don Kimble: And I think what they are waiting for is to really make that step change. And the step change would be to invest in the brand new plan to hire lot of people or to make an acquisition. Other than that they are really just generating enough cash that are -- frankly they don’t need to tap their lines.
Beth Mooney: And Nancy, I would add in my conversations with clients. I often get asked my view of interest rates. I would summarize it that they often say absent any sense that rates are about to make any compelling move. It doesn’t factor in. So it creates this no particular sense of urgency to think about debt and their capital stack or how they are operating their businesses?
Nancy Bush: Yeah. But that would deck the question or whether down the roads somewhere, we are going to get a surge in commercial line utilization, as everybody runs for the door at the same time. So hopefully that will happen. But I’m just -- like all other people having trouble putting all the pieces of this puzzle together and saying when things get dramatically better for the banking industry and demand?
Don Kimble: Nancy, when you figure that out, let us know because....
Nancy Bush: Yeah, I will. I will be charging a lot more money then by the way. Thanks.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go to Bill Carcache with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Bill Carcache: Don, I wanted to follow up on some of the comments that you made on the non-commercial side after about 11 quarters of year-over-year growth. It looks like this was the first quarter where we saw a decrease in Key Community Bank home equity loans. Is that slow down a function of something happening on the demand side or did you say or is that something that you are doing and thus giving you commercial focus, can you talk about your strategic commitment to home equity and your growth outlook, it’s about 18% of your book? So just let me get a sense as we look forward, does that probably go up or down or kind or stay flat?
Beth Mooney: Bill, this is Beth. I’ll go ahead and say a commitment as you said with our commercial focus commitment to our equity book. I would tell you well our business model, as we’ve talked about is a heavy commercial focus. We are also very committed to our consumer clients in having a relative balance within our business mix is critical to our business model, our performance and [Technical Difficulty] the company. Our primary lending vehicle in our consumer arena is home equity. It does have seasonal attributes win demand typically surfaces and kind of the fourth -- the first quarter is not a you are aware are a period where we often see seasonal demand but it is a core product. We have grown that. If you look over the last couple of years that has been in an area where we have invested and grown and we considered it a core product of our consumer capability. And I would ask Dennis to add anything about what he sees as particular attribute of how it is trend over the last several quarters.
Dennis Devine: Thanks Beth. You look across the industry and you’re not seeing the growth in the home equity book. And so give the dominant position that we’ve been got from a consumer leading perspective there. You compare as just as Beth said first quarter the last year, you didn’t see a big pickup in that book either. So this seasonal demand, second quarter and third quarter you will see growth on the midst of a campaign from new volume perspective, from an origination perspective, we’re stronger that we have been at some time. And so it is a core part of our business. It has occurred again and again, a core part of the relationship strategy. This is through the branch and our focused effort of expanding relationship into our existing client base. Thus as you’ve seen a heavy first-lien position there. You see really stable credit quality within that book as well and it’s a core part of our offerings to our clients. So you’ll see stable and just what Don had shared earlier. Consumer loans have been stable since some offset run off in other parts of our exit portfolio as well.
Bill Carcache: Thank you.
Beth Mooney: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our final question will come from Kevin Barker with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Kevin Barker: You’ve been conducting brand consolidation and other efficiency initiatives for last couple of years. And you’ve seen some incremental decline in overall expenses because of these initiatives. But I mean in order to really get the efficiency ratio below 60%, you would need either higher rates or a broader initiative. I mean, given your footprint, why not sell some of the branches and smaller footprints, where you don’t have scale and reinvest the proceeds, either in higher yielding assets or even buyback stock?
Don Kimble: This is Don. And I’ll take the first crack at that and one is that we do believe we can get below 60s without those types of structural changes that we believe just by focusing on positive operating leverage consistent for our guidance for this year, we should show revenue growth and be able to keep expenses flat and that will help drive down the overall efficiency ratio. When you take a look at downsizing through sale of certain portions of our franchise, keep in mind what you lose from that is the revenue associated with that book and only the incremental cost associated with supporting that on a direct basis. But we do have an infrastructure here from a technology platform and other perspective that you really can’t reduce proportionately for the sale of those types of branches and geographies. We do take a look at the performance at a branch level and make sure that we are getting increased productivity from those branches in achieving the types of positive operating leverage and efficiency improvement that we would expect and think that we can get there organically without having a go-to other more strategic type of transactions. Beth?
Beth Mooney: And Kevin, I would add that if you look at our business model in any given market, it’s bigger and broader than just our retail network. It is foundational to what we call broader market presence which would include our business banking clients, our commercial middle market, our private banking clients. So in any given market, we are larger in generating more revenues than just our branch presence. And yet without the branch presence you lose critical mass with the ability to serve those clients. It is an integrated model within the community bank and I don’t think the branch density in any given market is necessarily indicative of what was a broader performance than any market would be.
Kevin Barker: What level of deposits per branch or loans per branch do you think you need in order to generate positive operating leverage off of that specific branch?
Don Kimble: What we’re focused on right now within the retail space, I’ll let Dennis comment more on this, it’s really looking at sale per person per day. And by focusing on that, we could continue to drive up the loan balances and deposit performance at each of the branches. Dennis would add to that.
Dennis Devine: That’s right. The core focus on the community bank is positive operating leverage. And so every branch you find at a different place in terms of average deposits or average loan today. But you see two things going on. Year-over-year, if you look at any given period, growth in core deposits, you see that in the community bank, you see growth in the balance sheet and it is best described across the community bank and across the different asset categories while the branch count continues to come down. And so the growth you see in the balance sheet, the growth you see in year-over-year fee income, all occurred with 3% fewer FTE in substantially fewer branches that we had a year ago. That plays out in the trust and investment services category in particular that you see within the community bank. That’s a function of Key investment services. We’ve had one of the strongest quarters we’ve ever had as well as within the private bank. And so it’s bringing to life the entire relationship to our clients in those branches is what we are looking to do.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Thank you for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Thank you.
Operator: And Ms. Mooney, I’ll turn it back to you for any closing comments.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our investor relations team at (216) 689-4221. That concludes our remarks. Again thank you and have a good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney - Chairman and CEO Don Kimball - CFO Chris Gorman - President, Corporate Bank  EJ Burke - Co-President, Community Bank Dennis Devine - Co-President, Community Bank Bill Hartmann - CRO
Analysts: Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Ken Usdin - Jefferies Bill Carcache - Nomura Bob Ramsey - FBR Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Mike Mayo - CLSA Richard Bove - Rafferty Capital Markets Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Nancy Bush - NAB Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the KeyCorp’s Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time I’d like to turn the conference over to Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead ma’am.
Beth Mooney: Thank you operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Joining me for today’s presentation is Don Kimball, our Chief Financial Officer, and available for the Q&A portion of the call are Chris Gorman, President of our Corporate Bank; EJ Burke and Dennis Devine, Co-Presidents of our Community Bank; and Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide two is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I’m now turning to slide three. I’ll provide some overview comments on the fourth quarter of the year and then I’ll turn it over to Don to discuss our financial results and our outlook for 2015. Fourth quarter was a strong finish to the year. As the conclusion of our third quarter, we indicated that our fourth quarter performance would better reflect the earnings power of our company. And I’m pleased to report that in the fourth quarter our results improved significantly and we met or exceeded the guidance we provided. And as we communicated our results over the last two quarters were reflective of the variability in our business model especially in some of our fee income categories like investment banking and debt placement where we saw some activity move from the third quarter into the fourth quarter and as a result we finished the year with record performance. We also generated positive operating leverage relative to both the third quarter and the year ago period. Earnings per share were up 8% from last year as we continue to grow organically by acquiring and expanding targeted relationships which provide the solid growth in both loans and deposits. Core expenses were well controlled as we’re realizing the benefits of our initiatives and our continuous improvement efforts. Our cash efficiency ratio was down 300 basis points from the year ago quarter and it is a continued priority for us to identify additional efficiency and productivity opportunities as we go into 2015.  Asset quality also improved over the years as we continue to originate good quality relationship business while staying disciplined with structure and consistent with our capital management priorities we repurchased $128 million of common stock from the fourth quarter.  Slide four is a summary of our full year 2014 results. We delivered on our commitments to our shareholders by generating positive operating leverage and by remaining disciplined with both risk and our strong capital position. Average loans were up 5% from the prior year driven by strong growth in commercial, financial and agricultural loans of 11% which also help to create a record year in investment banking and debt placement fee. Expenses were well controlled down 2% from the prior year or 3% excluding the 2014 acquisition of Pacific Crest Securities and asset quality improved with net charge-offs of 20 basis points for the year which is well below our targeted range. During the year, we continue to invest in our businesses to accelerate growth. In addition to Pacific Crest, we added bankers across our franchise expanded our payment capabilities and enhanced technology in areas such as mobile, online and cyber security. We also exited non-strategic asset that we’re not consistent with our relationship strategy such as international leasing and we made a number of leadership changes to drive focus in execution including in our community bank.  In 2014, we were able to reward shareholders by returning a peer-leading 82% of our net income through both dividends and share repurchases. Overall it was the strong finish to what was a good year for our company. We’re well positioned with momentum and confident in our business model and our team and I’m excited about the opportunities we have ahead. Now I’ll turn the call over to Don to discuss the details of our fourth quarter results and our outlook for 2015. With that let me turn it over to Don. 
Don Kimball : Thanks Beth. I’m on slide six. This morning we reported net income in continuing operations of $0.28 per common share for the fourth quarter, this compared to $0.26 for the year ago quarter and $0.23 for the third quarter. I’ll cover many of these items of this slide throughout my presentation so let’s now turn to slide seven. Average total loan growth continued in the fourth quarter with balances up $3 billion or 5% compared to year ago quarter and up $745 million from the third quarter. Our year-over-year growth was once again primarily driven by commercial, financial and agricultural loans and it was broad based across Key’s business lending segments. Average commercial, financial, and agricultural loans were up $3 billion or 12% compared to the prior year and were up $732 million or 3% annualized in the third quarter. Importantly, we’re remaining disciplined with our relationship focus as well as the quality and structure of our new business.  Continuing on the slide 8, on the liability side of balance sheet average deposits were up $1.3 billion one year ago and up $1.4 billion from third quarter. Deposit growth of 2% from both the prior year and prior quarter was largely driven by inflows from commercial clients as well as increases related to our commercial mortgage servicing business. And the cost of total deposits decreased to 15 basis points from 20 basis points one year ago reflecting our more favorable deposit mix.  Turning to slide 9, taxable equivalent net interest income was $588 million for the fourth quarter compared to $589 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 and $581 million in the third quarter of this year. Our net interest margin was 2.94%, which was down two basis points from prior quarter. The margin was impacted by higher levels of excess liquidity driven by commercial deposit growth and lower earning asset yields. Compared to the third quarter of this year, net interest income was up $7 million primarily due to asset growth, higher loan fees and lower funding cost. We expect to maintain our modest asset sensitivity and the duration and characteristics of key loan and investment portfolios continue to position us to realize more benefit from a rise and the shorter end of the yield curve. Slide 10, shows the summary of non-interest income which accounts for 45% of our total revenue. Non-interest income in the fourth quarter was $490 million up 8% from the prior year and up 18% from the prior quarter, primarily due to strength in core business activity. We also benefited from recent investments like the acquisition of Pacific Crest in the addition of client facing FTE. As Beth mentioned, this was both a record quarter and a record year for investment banking and debt placement fees, which finishes the year with $126 million in the fourth quarter. As we indicated on our third quarter call, there is variability in this business from quarter-to-quarter but we had a strong pipeline in September and that carried through to the fourth quarter. We also saw growth in many other fee based businesses including trust investment services and corporate services which had strength and derivatives in non-loan fees. Consistent with our comments last quarter we also saw a normal seasonal lift and corporate owned life insurance and a stronger quarter from principle investing gain. Turning to slide 11, our non-interest expense for the fourth quarter was $704 million down $8 million from a year ago period and stable with the third quarter. Reported expense included $8 million in efficiency charges and $3 million pension settlement charge, combined these two items added approximately 100 basis points to our efficiency ratio. If you adjust for Pacific Crest, efficiency charges and pension settlement, our core expenses decreased to $676 million from $688 million in the year ago period. This quarter our cash efficiency ratio was 64%, while this level reflects our hard work and improvement over the last few years, efficiency ratio remains an important measure for us and we expect to continue to make progress in 2015 from our level in 2014. We remain committed to continuing to generate cost savings through our continuous improvement efforts, which will enable us to make investments and offset normal expense growth. Turning to slide 12, net charge-offs of $32 million or 22 basis points on average total loans in the fourth quarter which continues to be below our targeted range. At December 31, our reserve for loan losses represented 1.38% of period in loans and 190% coverage of our non-performing loans. Importantly, the quality of our new business volume has consistently been better than that of our existing portfolio. Turning to slide 13, our tangible common equity ratio and estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio both remain strong at December 31, at 9.88% and 11.18% respectively. As Beth mentioned we repurchased $496 million in common shares in 2014 including 128 million or 9.7 million common shares in the fourth quarter. We have approximately 187 million of growth repurchase authorization remaining under our 2014 capital plan, which runs through March of this year. We submitted our 2015 capital plan with Federal Reserve earlier this month and plan on announcing our results in March following the Federal Reserve’s release of their analysis and finding.  Importantly, our capital plan reflects our commitment to remaining disciplined in managing our strong capital position. Our Tier 1 common ratio has remained above 11% while we’ve paid out a peer-leading amount of capital to shareholders.  Moving on to slide 14, as Beth mentioned on our third quarter call, we indicated the fourth quarter will be more reflective of our earnings power of the company and that we would meet our full year guidance. With our fourth quarter results we delivered on our commitment and achieved our previously communicated guidance. In 2015, we expect to drive positive operating leverage and continue to improve our performance. Average loans should grow the mid-single digit range as we benefit from the strength in our commercial businesses. We anticipate net-interest income growth in the low to mid-single digital percentage range compared to 2014, this does include the benefit from higher rates as we are currently modeling short term rates to increase 50 basis points late in the year. Without the benefit of the higher rates, we would anticipate net-interest income to be up in the low single digit range. Our net-interest margin should remain relatively stable and based on interest rates may increase later in the year. Non interest income is expected to be up in the mid-single digit percentage range for the year which would include the full year impact of Pacific Crest Securities. Keep in mind revenue activity tends to be seasoning lower in the first quarter compare to the fourth quarter and area such as investment banking and debt placement as well as seasoning lower and up corporate-owned life insurance. We also anticipate returning to a more normal run rate for principal investing gains. Full year reported expenses should be relatively stable in 2014 which includes a full year of expenses related Pacific Crest offset by lower efficiency and pension charges. Credit quality should remain a good story with net charge-offs below our targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points. We also expect provision to approximately next net charge-off. And finally, we expect to continue to execute our share repurchase authorization consistent with our capital plans. With that, I’ll close and turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of the call. Operator.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And with that we’ll go to Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O'Connor: Good to see the expenses come in where you thought, despite better fees. As we think about next year, we're seeing some other banks talk about upward pressure on expenses, and you're holding the line on the expenses while you're still expecting some revenue growth. So I guess the question is, the continuous improvement that you're doing, just elaborate a bit more on where some of the gross savings are coming from? And then, where some of the investment or offsets are?
Don Kimball: Great Matt and this is Don Kimball, and as far as we’re receiving savings and in 2014 for example we consolidated 34 branches throughout our franchise a little bit more than 3% of the total branches which resulted in savings of just less than $9 million a year. Other things we did last year included reducing the headcount levels in our fixed income trading platform that was reduced by over 20%. We exited our international leasing operation. We finished a telecommunications network transformation which we had resolved of $20 million and run rate savings for the year. And more importantly what we’re doing from a cultural perspective is focused on continuous improvement and that’s for using tools like Lean Six Sigma which were kicked off in 2014 and we expect to see ongoing benefits for that in ’15  And so going forward, I’d think we some of the things continue that we would expect to see branch consolidation from that 2% to 3% level and we’ve also talked about other occupancy cost that we’re reducing 15% of our non-branch ware footage, so a lot of corporate office space we have been reduced throughout the year. And again just focusing on that end-to-end profit management making sure the people are helping to drive ongoing improvements in our productivity and efficiency.  As far ass some of the investments this last year we’ve added over 25 new senior bankers within the corporate bank and I think you’re seeing the benefit from that in our year-over-year growth and our investment banking and debt placement fees and so we’re making investments there. We’re making other investments in products and services like payments. And like many other we’ve been making investments in our risk management compliance and other modeling capabilities, over the last two years staffing for compliance and modeling is up over 50% and we expect to see that increase again going forward and so we’re bearing those kind of cost that we expect to be able to achieve the kind of synergies and efficiencies from that focus on continuous improvement to help fund those cost going forward.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Great. Thanks for all that color. And then just separately, on page 18 of your appendix, you've got a slide on oil and gas exposure, which is relatively modest to the size of the Company. But just any early signs of pressure there? Or maybe in areas that benefit from energy? And how are you monitoring that differently now, say, versus three months ago?
Beth Mooney: Yes, Matt, this is Beth. Given the attention on this topic, we did add slide 18 in the appendix and hope that will be helpful color and context for folks as they look at the quarter as well as our portfolio. And I would say the headlines are that it is a longstanding area where we have history and expertise and as you said it is a small portfolio for us it’s only 2% of our outstanding. We are mainly in the EMP or upstream end of the market. We would say we have a quality client book. They’re well reserved and well protected with minimal oil field services exposure. So it’s a small portfolio, it is not a big concern to us and we will continue to monitor it. And I think the slide in the appendix has helped giving good understanding of what we see and we also mentioned in that slide that we have reflected it in our reserves and allow at the end of the fourth quarter given current prices and where we’ll benefit is I think we’re saying that, if certainly will be a boom to consumers their capacity to spend we’re confident and on average while there will be some [stutter] steps in the economy I think this will be a net positive to have lower oil prices for our economy in 2015.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Don, maybe to start and follow up in on your expense comments, when I look at the 2015 guidance, which is relatively stable versus what you guys promised and then ultimately delivered in 2014, which was a slight reduction in expenses, what's really the difference in 2015? Because it seems that you still have ample room to cut expenses, but you're not guiding that. You're going to follow through with that this year. So what's changed in 2014 versus 2015?
Don Kimball: The biggest impact there Steven is the full year impact of Pacific Crest so we do have increases there, but we’ve also talked about making investments to grow revenues and we’ve done that within the corporate bank this past year and we’re looking for other areas to make those similar investments and we’re focused on as driving positive operating leverage in addition to flat expenses where we’re showing our guidance to reflect and expect the increase in both net interest income and fee income and we think that’s a direct benefit from the investments we’re making. 
Steven Alexopoulos: Don, what would be helpful to us, as we assess the progress you're making on the efficiency front, could you break out for us, what was the expense and revenue contribution from Pacific Crest in the most recent quarter? And what do you expect that incremental build on both of those to be in 2015?
Don Kimball : What I would say on the slide on expenses we do breakout the Pacific Crest impact which is about $17 million for the quarter it was about a breakeven for us and so going forward we see more and more of the Pacific Crest operation being integrated with our overall capital markets and so it’s going to be tougher to really single that out especially as we look at integrating some of the back office and operations activities. 
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. I know your timing to the same amount of loan growth for 2015 as you did last year, do you see double digit C&I growth sustainable in 2015?
Don Kimball : What we’re seeing is our commercial growth should still be strength for us, but we’re seeing some growth in our retail bank for consumer lending but that’s being offset by the exit portfolio wind down. So we could see other components of the commercial category also providing some growth for us, but I think in aggregate it all translates to mid-single-digit kind of growth expectation which is consistent with ‘14. 
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And just a final question, the exposure you outlined in energy relatively small, we shouldn’t expect any impact from that on your capital last for this year, is that correct?
Don Kimball : That’s correct.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning. Don, I noticed that the period end balance sheet was significantly larger than the average for the fourth quarter. And it looks like there was a really nice surge in non-interest bearing deposits. So just wondering if you can flush out the sources of that deposit growth, if we're onto a meaningfully different trajectory for average earning assets? And what are some of the moving parts there?
Don Kimball : Chris take care of the loan question and then I’ll go ahead and fill in some background deposits, so Chris?
Chris Gorman: Sure, I’d be happy to. Good morning Ken. Just to remind everybody our business model is one where a relatively small amount in case of 2014 about 19% of the $54.4 billion that we raised actually ended up and state on our balance sheet. So within any period and within any category there is just a lot of variability. So first of all that’s one thing always keep in mind with respect to our business, as we think about our ability to grow the loan side of it we’ve been pretty successful in taking share. We have 599 new clients in 2014 and we actually think that as we think about it Ken our model resonates with our targeted clients in prospect. So while it seems aggressive, we think we can continue to grow our loan portfolio, but we really do so not necessarily going after loans but really seeking clients that we think would fit into our business model.
Don Kimball : And then as far as the deposit to period end we had some fairly large increases from some of our governmental customers we had at the end of the year which were short term in nature. So we do not expect that to be an indication of the start point for us for deposit growth that we would expect going forward there are long growth will exceed our deposit growth so that will help to drive greater efficiency on overall balance sheet.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then my follow up, then, Don, also just on securities buildup and long-term debt funding, where you had done a lot of that pre-funding for LCR, and we've seen that in the securities book. Can you talk about where you are there? And how much issuance you might continue to do versus securities build?
Don Kimball : Good question, and throughout the month of December we’re in the mid-80s as far as our LCR ratio, keep in mind that we have to be at 90% level by the first quarter of ‘16 and we think that we continue to get there through some minor adjustments going for that we’ve shifted our investment portfolio to about 42% being comprised -- securities which is very helpful and you see some cash flow going in that category which will allow us to over the next year continue to push that ratio up, nothing considered as part change going forward.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Just one little follow-up on that point. And do you expect that you'll run with a buffer to the trajectory? Or just once -- or just track to the 90, 100 of -- over time. 
Don Kimball : Yes, we do believe that we’ll have some buffer because you don’t want to have any exposure for being under that number but I think buffer will be modest.
Operator: And next one is from Bill Carcache with Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Bill Carcache : Thank you. Good morning. I had a follow-up question on deposits. Don, you mentioned that there was an impact from some governmental clients in the quarter. I believe that you guys had previously said that you were de-emphasizing municipal deposits, because you viewed them as punitive from an LCR perspective. Can you update us on how you're thinking about those deposits currently, in light of the most recent LCR revisions? And then how all that fits in with the growth that you saw from those governmental clients this quarter?
Don Kimball: As far as our focus on the collateralized government deposits, we have seen those balances come down in the fourth quarter and especially in some of the time deposit categories. We will continue to support our strong customers and those that have those relationships that have an expanded type of product relationship with us. But we will expect those collateralized municipal deposits to come down. The growth that we saw really was at the end of the calendar year, for a few days prior to the end of the calendar year and stayed with us for early part of January. And it was very temporary in nature as far as that buildup at the December 31st balance.
Bill Carcache : Okay. So you're looking across the relationship and it sounds like -- so I guess along those lines, separately, can you elaborate on how you guys. How that Flynn influences your lending decisions and describe how that process has evolved over the last couple of years as we've kind of -- as competition has intensified.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Bill. This is Chris Gorman. First I'll talk about our public sector, public finance. Let me start more broadly. We have a requirement that we get to a 20% rate of return with our clients. Obviously, where a lot of debts is priced right now, it's required that we have a wholesome relationship in order to hit our return hurdles. Every single six months we sit down and we go account by cut on what the game plan is, what the returns are, what we have targeted, what we have achieved and so it's a very, very disciplined approach. Once the clients are actually on our platform. But I think even more importantly is the process that we use in terms of targeting our clients, figuring out who we can be relevant to. In our instance, we're looking for people in certain sectors that are middle market companies that we think need and value what we can provide which we think is differentiated. So as it relates for example to public sector, public finance, we are only focused on certain entities, certain agencies where we have a relationship that as Don mentioned is broader than just a deposit. Just as on the corporate side, we're focused on companies where the relationship is much broader than just a loan. What I'd like to do now is ask EJ to comment from a Community Bank perspective because they take a similar discipline.
EJ Burke: That's right, Chris. We approach our client targeting in a very consistent fashion with the Corporate Bank. I would say that in the Community Bank, we tend to compete against smaller banks and in that type of arena our broad product capability, especially in payments, has helped us to price competitively because we can look over -- we look at a three year time horizon to say what kind of revenue are we going to earn over that period of time and how many products can we add. And where the answer is positive, we can be very competitive. Where a client says I want to just use your balance sheet, but another bank is going to be my provider, we will move on to the next client.
Operator: And we go to Bob Ramsey with FBR, please go ahead.
Bob Ramsey : A very strong quarter for investment banking fees and great to see the balance and fee income generally. Just wondering if you could talk a little about the investment banking pipeline heading into this next quarter and sort of what is incorporated in growth in 2015 versus 2014 and your total fee income guidance on the banking line.
Chris Gorman: This is Chris. I'll start and talk a little bit about the investment banking piece of it. When I look at it, I really kind of look at what are the fundamentals of the business over a period of time. And as I look at those, I think we've expanded our capabilities. We've expanded our sectors like technology, consumer. We just mentioned public sector. And I think the level of discussions and the strategic nature of the discussions that we're having are better than they've ever been. Having said that, obviously there is a great amount of volatility in when these fees actually come to fruition. I don't really think about it on a quarter to quarter basis but I do look at it over a period of time. And if you go back to 2010, we were at about a $200 million run rate. Now we're at about a $400 million run rate. If you look at our trailing 12 number currently it's about 13% greater than our trailing 12 number was a year ago. And I think we can continue that kind of a trajectory in this business, based on the people that Don mentioned we've been able to bring onto the platform and the clients we've been able to convert. So while I like our trajectory, I think the long-term trajectory will continue. There of course will be variations on a quarter to quarter basis. As it relates specifically to the pipeline, with the exception of one particular area, we are above where we were in our pipelines last year. So I feel good about our pipelines. But as always, first of all we have to execute and secondly we have to have the continued cooperation of these markets.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Great. That's helpful. I guess also while I'm on fee income, corporate services seemed particularly strong this quarter. Just any commentary around what drove that line item? 
Don Kimball: We had some stronger derivative income along with some non-yield loan fees occur many we also had a slight reclass from other income up into corporate services this past quarter. And so all three of those contributed to the growth. 
Bob Ramsey : Okay. That's helpful. And then I was just wondering, I know you sort of talked about how much you've got left in your existing CCAR capital plan. I just want to be clear, I guess it's your intent to fully complete that in the first quarter here before you guys reload.
Don Kimball : That would be our intent to complete it. Because you use it or lose it. That would be our expectation.
Bob Ramsey : And then sort of high level, I'm sure you don't want to be too precise, but thinking about capital plans for next year, you paid out 82% of earnings this year, your capital ratios are every bit as strong as they were a year ago and you all continue to sort of build capital. Would it be your hope to sort of return a little bit more than that in the coming year?
Beth Mooney: Bob, this is Beth. As we indicated, we have submitted our 2015 capital plan. I think we have always indicated that we believe we are well positioned both in terms of our capital base as well as the inherent risk in our businesses as well as our balance sheet. So we think we're well positioned for this CCAR cycle. We've been successful in the last several years to be a peer leading returner of capital and we look forward to being consistent and an advocate for our shareholders in that regard and being able to announce our results in March.
Operator: Our next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. I just had one follow-up question. Beth and Don, I really appreciate how you laid out your outlook and expectations for the year and I guess as a follow-up to Steve's question, is the message to us that even if -- even without the benefit of higher rates that key is targeting positive operating leverage for 2015?
Don Kimball: That's absolutely the case, yes, that we would expect revenues to grow not only in aggregate but both net interest income and fee income to grow and expense to be relatively stable, so we would show positive operating leverage in both scenarios.
Operator: And we'll go to Jared Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Jared Cassidy : Question for you. You've given us the targets and you've met -- on slide 16 of the handout and clearly you've reached some of these targets. Can you paint us a scenario where you'll get your net interest margin to over 3.5% from the standpoint of an interest rate environment, what do you think you would need to see for that target to be reached or exceeded? I know higher rates, but if you could be a little more precise.
Don Kimball: A couple things. One is I think we'd have to see rates up at least 300 basis points from where they are today and continue to see our balance sheet become more efficient. We've talked about loan growth exceeding deposit growth and we think that's a component of us being able to achieve that 350 guidance.
Jared Cassidy : And with the rates being 300, Don, would that also include a steepening or maintenance of the steepness in the current curve or is it more just the front end of the curve that you're focused on.
Don Kimball : It would require some continuation of the steepness of the curve. We're most impacted from the three to five year end of the curve and shorter. So as long as we see the steepness thigh that, I think that would help drive that kind of an absolute increase in the overall net interest margin. 
Jared Cassidy : And then coming back on capital, clearly you guys are very well if not over-capitalized by many measures. You've obviously focused on returning that to shareholders. Can you share with us your thoughts on acquisitions or mergers. Obviously there was a big one announced today. Do you guys consider that or is it more just let's return it to shareholders for the time being and not really focus on doing M&A? 
Beth Mooney: Gerard, this is Beth. I think as we've talked about, our capital relative to our business plans and strategies over the last couple of years, we have had a consistent hierarchy of how we see utilizing our capital and returning and deploying it. First and foremost, to support the organic growth of the Company which we feel our capital base clearly adequately supports. Second, includes dividends and share repurchases and then we said it's important to have capital available for strategic opportunities and in recent years we said obviously there's nothing in our business model we don't have that we need to be successful and you've seen us do some puts and takes in terms of adding businesses and exiting things that are nonstrategic. But we clearly have adequate capital to be opportunistic, should something present itself that makes sense for our Company, accretive to our shareholders and is additive to our business plan. It has been a relatively quiet acquisition era with more what I call one-off idiosyncratic type transactions. But in the coming years it's hard to predict what would transpire but I think what's more important is to know that we are committed to having the agility as well as the capital to do the right things by our shareholders.
Jared Cassidy : And then finally on returning of capital, we recognize the regulators are not very supportive of banks giving back more than 100% of earnings just yet, but should that change possibly in the 2016 CCAR philosophically are you guys comfortable with if there aren't any other opportunities to use that capital of giving back more than you potentially could earn in 2016 especially in your Tier 1 common ratio stays at the levels it's at now
Don Kimball : I think that would depend on a lot of things as far as what we're seeing from an economic environment, as far as what we're seeing for our organic growth. If we look back throughout 2014 we had an 82% return on earnings as far as our dividends and share buybacks and our capital ratios remained relatively flat. Just because the economy did not allow us to grow the balance sheet at a faster pace, so we were able to maintain our capital ratios. We believe our capital ratios are higher than where they need to be long-term. And so one way to get there might be higher distributions in the future but that's all speculative as far as what kind of a change would we see in the overall regulatory environment going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Matt Burnell: Good morning, everyone. Just a question on the level of pension and efficiency charges. I think those totaled on a combined basis about $80 million in 2014. I think in the past you've suggested that maybe a $30 million level for those combined expenses would be reasonable starting point for 2015. Just curious if you've had any changes in your thinking on that.
Don Kimball : Generally in that range and depending upon -- you look at the pension settlement charges, those occur from two factors. One with rates being very low and also the high level of headcount reductions we've had throughout the year. Our headcount is down almost 1,000 people year-over-year. And so that is a direct impact of that as well. And so if that were to occur again next year, the $30 million to $50 million range wouldn't be bad and that's contemplated as part of our guidance.
Matt Burnell : Okay. Thank you. And then just finally from me, on page 26 it looks like you saw some higher non-performing loan balances, specifically in commercial, but also in home equity. Is there anything to read into that or is that just given that we're at such low levels, we're going to begin to see volatility in those numbers, not just p consistent declines.
Bill Hartmann: Matt, hi, this is Bill Hartman. You're absolutely right. The numbers are low and any movement is almost expected at this point where things will just bump around, go up a little, down a little. We're sort of into three quarters of fairly stable performance right now with the rate of improvement not as great anymore. Your observation is correct.
Operator: And we’ll go to Mike Mayo with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Looking at efficiency, it seems like a bad news/good news store. I'd love some more color. In my bad news list, first, it seems like you might have missed your old efficiency target. On page 14 of the release it says you had a 66% cash efficiency ratio for 2014 and your prior target I thought was 60% to 65%. Second, your long-term target implies by 2017 you'll get to an efficiency ratio that would still be 200 basis points worse than where it was almost a quarter of a century ago when you first had the merger. Third, it seems like you have some of the savings already, like the fixed income headcount reduction's done and you've already exited some businesses. That's my bad news column. My good news column is 64% efficiency over in the fourth quarter. Not clear how sustainable it is. That's an improvement. You do have s some things left. Branches 2% to 3% reduction per year. How many more years and what do you have left in Six Sigma. Third, the investment bank seems to be an extra lever. It's interesting. Seems like your smaller investment bank is having better results than a lot of the large investment or the largest investment banks out there. So Beth and Don can you help reconcile my kind of bad news/good news thoughts when it comes to efficiency.
Don Kimball : Mike, you get the prize for the longest question of the day. We'll give it a shot and try to be direct here. So as far as our full year 66% efficiency ratio, you're right, it's higher than our previous near term guidance range of 60% to 65%. I'd say that going into 2014 we saw that revenues were going to be weaker than what we had expected so we took additional steps to accelerate some of the cost savings. That resulted in restructuring/pension charges of $80 million which were $50 million higher than our plan and so absent those, that increase, we would have been within that range despite the fact that revenues were flat. And so that was clearly an issue for us from that perspective. Good news, you're right, current quarter is 64%. It was benefited by the strength in the revenues and also our continued discipline as far as managing those costs. And we are very focused on driving those. As far as the branch rationalization that we do believe that we have a period of time here where we will have the ability to reduce 2% to 3% of the branches for a few years, just the way that our customers are using those branches, that they have a different definition and becoming more of a sales office than they are just a service center. And so we think that is an opportunity for us and the past year we were able to save run rate a little less than $9 million a year from that type of consolidation effort. We had also talked about the occupancy cost in other areas. Our non-branch related space. And we've been reshuffling a lot of that space. Benefit he especially later in 2015 because that's when we'll see the benefit of those lease terminations come through. And we expect to see a 15% reduction in our non-branch space over the next year and-a-half. And that will translate to about a $12 million a year run rate savings for us. As far as Lean Six Sigma and our continuous improvement focus, I'd say that we're early stages there, that we really have just started to kick off those programs and we're getting more and more traction, that the benefit that we're projecting from that in 2015 is stronger than what we had in 2014. And we think that will continue to gain hold and become more engrained as part of the culture and will help drive that going forward for us.
Mike Mayo: Okay. One follow-up then. The specific follow-up, the 15% reduction in occupancy, you guys said it was 17% when Beth presented in. Was that a lower number or did you receive some of those savings. As it relates to Lean Six Sigma can you quantify any aspect of that or is that kind of culture. My big picture question for Beth. We've been down this road before. Again, just comparing the efficiency ratio of some of your peers, not to mention the 1994 level versus where you are today, and I understand you're changing the culture and you've made strides but is there something a little bit more structural would you consider more business exit. Thanks.
Don Kimball : As far as the occupancy for the non-branch space, it's reflective of the changes we've already made. We have not reduced our projection as far as the savings there. It's just what we have left out of that 16% or 17% that we would have shared in September. Then as far as Lean Six Sigma, I would say that the economic benefit from those Lean Six Sigma he reviews that we implemented in 2014 was $25 million. Our projection for 2015 is $40 million for those efforts. And that's not all the cost savings. It's just for those specific initiatives that are tied to that use of the Lean Six Sigma tool.
Beth Mooney: Mike, this is Beth. And to the second part of your question, we have made progress in 2014 and we are committed to continuing that progress in our efficiency goals and our productivity in 2015. This was a year and you have seen across the industry a number of people have noted that progress was difficult in this continued low interest rate environment as well as slow economic growth. So we did as Don indicated make some decisions early in the year that brought through some higher restructuring charges to make sure we continue to do the things that keep us on the path to be sub-60, which is our commitment. We are on that path. We are committed to it. And as I look at us relative to peers, each and every institution has their own unique business model and there are attributes of ours that are different from some of our peers and specifically we have talked about being predominantly a commercial bank with a distinctive Corporate Bank model which as you indicated has indicated significantly to our performance in the form of investment banking and debt placement fees and is a lever. Our trailing 12 on that business is right at $400 million now. So as we look at it positive operating leverage is something we've been talking about for well over a year, in addition to efficiency, as something that is driving our performance and as we have the Corporate Bank is a big contributor, it is not a low efficiency business but it has certainly been an outperformer both in absolute performance as well as relative performance this year and as we look into the future. And we do not have as large a payment business or some of the high yielding consumer assets. When I look at the mix of our business, I think what's important is our focus on the operating leverage, focus on our path and our commitments that we're making and continuing to deliver on those.
Operator: And we’ve question from Richard Bove with Rafferty Capital Markets, please go ahead.
Richard Bove: I've been looking at page 19 I guess of your press release and it indicates that funds available for shareholders actually went down by 1% in 2014 versus 2013. And trying to relate that to the stock price, which was up about 3.6% in 2014 or well below the improvement in the market and even with the rally going on in the stock right now, if you take a look at the stock price from let's say January 1st of 2013 to the present, it's down about 4% in a market which has been relatively robust. So I guess the question is have you done any studies at all which indicate what the impact of repurchasing $128 million worth of stock has on the stock price? In other words, do you have any rational which shows that by buying back stock it has a positive impact on the stock price? 
Don Kimball: I'll go ahead and take the first crack. This is Don. As far as the comment as far as the net income available for key, the line that you're looking at that includes our discontinued operations and in 2013 we had a gain on the sale of our victory capital. And in 2014, we had a loss from the sale of our residual interest in our student loan trust. And so if you look at just the net income available from continuing operations, we're up 8% year-over-year and so I think that's showing the strength in the overall performance for that line item. As far as the share buyback program that we do believe that it is additive or beneficial to our existing shareholders. We are constrained as far as what we can do to help manage our capital position based on how the current rules work in this environment and so we believe that it is helpful. Keep in mind that at $128 million in the current quarter, it really doesn't move the dial a lot as far as the market activity and flows for our stock. So it's helpful but I don't think it's a meaningful addition from that perspective.
Beth Mooney: And I would just add that I appreciate the perspective on the stock performance because obviously it is among our goals to deliver top performance to our shareholders in terms of returns, both through our performance as well as our capital actions. And if you look at us on a three year TSR, we are among the highest performers in the index and really driven in 2013 where we led the peer index in the group in that regard. Many times following a record breakout year, you tend to migrate back to more of the middle of the pack, which we did in 2014. But again, when we look and I think shareholder return needs to be viewed kind of in multiyear windows, extremely strong performance both retroactively on a three year basis. We felt like 2014 was solid and as we said as we go into this year, with positive momentum and confidence tore what we will continue to do in terms of our ability to build value for our shareholders.
Richard Bove: I understand that basically there's a massive demand upon all managements in this industry to buy back shares. What I don't understand is in virtually no case where there's been huge buybacks of shares has there been outperformance of the stocks vis-a-vis the market. And I'm guessing that the reason why managements are buying back stock is not because they studied the impact of the buybacks on stock prices, but because their investors are saying we want you to buy back stock. And therefore, I'd really be interested if you have a really have studied, is there a relationship between buying back stock and an increase in the price of the shares? Because clearly with all these banks selling at premiums to book value, buying back stock is not what it used to be.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I would just like to add there that we do continuously look at whether or not we should be using the capital and the earnings to buy back shares. We do believe that it still is an attractive price for us to buy back, that we are generating earnings that exceed the need from a capital perspective to support our business organically. And so we feel it's most appropriate for us to return that to our shareholders. And based on how the current rules are structured, that we are limited as to the form that that distribution can occur. And so again, we feel that it's appropriate for us to continue to buy back shares and feel that it's an appropriate price for us to continue to use the earnings to do so.
Operator: And we have a question from Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please go ahead.
Marty Mosby: Thank you. I wanted to focus on we've seen the invest banking kicking in a lot of the super-regional banks. What is the tailwind or competitively how's the landscape shifting to be able to allow for you all to take advantage of what really seems to be a very strong trend?
Beth Mooney: Marty, I will let Chris Gorman augment the answer. I do think it is important to note that we have a very distinctive Corporate Bank model and it's something that we have built over years to be a very sophisticated platform and I think as we look at 2014, had record performance and relative outperformance versus a regional peer group. I'll let Chris talk a little about what some of what the drivers are of what we think is a very distinctive part of our business model.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Beth. Marty, the way we see it is there's -- although there's 7,000 banks in the United States, there's probably 18 or so kind of globally that have the capability to complete sort of integrated corporate and investment banking type work. Most, the pre come fence predominance of those banks are focused on very large companies. We are focused on mid-cap, middle market. You have many boutiques who have very good at what they do. Clearly don't have the capabilities that we do. So the opportunity for us is first and foremost, focus and we focus on certain industries and specifically on the middle market. We think actually focus propels growth. The second thing that we think we have a huge advantage is our size. And when I say size, I mean sizes and small. Our entire Corporate Bank only has 2,000 people in it so it's pretty easy for us to ma maneuver and to get things done on behalf of our clients. The other thing I would say that really as we think about some of these step functions, I think the stability of our platform over a period of time is both attractive to the people that we bring on to the platform and I think it's attractive to our clients and prospects. So that's the sort of the opportunity that we see out there.
Marty Mosby: And Beth, what I also wanted to kind of focus on was your investing in payments or cash management. That's an area where you've been kind of behind the curve. Can you see you replicating the success there as you have developed investment banking platform that we just talked about?
Unidentified Company Representative : Marty, we do have our commercial payments business embedded within our Corporate Bank to align is very much to the strategies and how our targeted clients, we can matter to them, meet their needs. So we have done a variety of things as we've invested to align our commercial payments capabilities with some of our targeted industry groups. We have developed new product capabilities that we have deployed in purchase and prepaid. And again, that fits well with some of our targeted verticals. So within that, we are making sure we have a core competitive offering and then we're also using the strength of our Corporate Bank model and our Community Bank model to make sure that we find unique niches of growth and opportunity where we can be relevant and have the opportunity to get returns and growth for it.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. Just lastly, principal investing, is that an outgrowth from having more connection with these middle market and investment banking and other types of avenues or is that something else? What are kind of the sources? Does that tie to your core business? 
Don Kimball : Marty, this is Don. This is a piece of the business that we've had for a number of years. It really isn't linked at the hip with our capital markets activity. It's just an investment strategy that existed years ago and we've been benefiting from that. It's more of a wind down mode for us now and we think over the next 10 years that that will continue to. 
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
Operator: And we have a question from Nancy Bush with NAB Research. Please go ahead.
Nancy Bush : Good morning. I just got off the BB & T conference call. They were of course touting the Susquehanna acquisition and the fact they will again entry into Cincinnati and I think their plans are to expand further into the Midwest. Can you speak to the competitive conditions there and where we stand in terms of pricing and structure. We're hearing a lot of horror stories earlier in 2014 and if you can just tell us how we ended out the year.
Beth Mooney: Nancy, this is Beth. I will tell you that I think this has been a year where in virtually every conference call, I think every bank has talked about the competitive intensity in the market, particularly in the loan generation area. So I would tell you nationally we see a lot of intensity. It is true that historically the Midwest has been outsized in its competitive intensity, given the number of competitors that are here. We find that we compete well across all those different markets. And as we look into 2014, I think it will be, continue to be highly competitive on pricing, on struck structure, on product offerings and I think we have done over the last couple years, if you hear us talk, trying to sharpen our focus about where we can matter, up our execution and our ability to reach targeted clients and bring the full relationship offerings of our bank and translate those into meaningful gains in acquisition and expansion of client relationships. And we feel like we have several years of performance in that regard and as we said, we have confidence, we look forward that that's a strategy that fits our bank and our markets.
Nancy Bush : Okay. And another question for you and/or Don. I mean, liquidity, you only in recent years have you become what I would call a very liquid organization. Obviously hanging onto core deposits is a big goal for you. As we get closer to the interest rate increase time and I'm hoping we are getting closer, how are you -- what kind of conversations are you having with your retail clients and what kind of product planning are you doing to make sure that when liquidity starts to lessen, that you hang onto the deposit base that you've got? And grow it, hopefully.
Beth Mooney: Nancy, this is Beth. I believe this would be a nice opportunity for Dennis Devine of the Co-President of our Community Bank to talk a little about the value proposition and how we are making sure that the core funding, which we also by the way agree that we hope interest rates are very close to going up, but as rates potentially move that our core funding and our deposit mix as well as our client base there has really changed substantially over the last couple years and puts us in a very different position.
Dennis Devine: Thank, Beth. Thanks for the question, Nancy. You see in the balance sheet the continuing decline of time deposits. So the CD book has really begun to roll over the years. But a commensurate offset with the growth in the our core liquid deposits, transactional deposits as well as money market deposits within the. Commercial deposits we talked about earlier. The strategy of the retail organization is organized around client growth. You've seen new products introduced this year to accomplish just that. We have a relationship based strategy. So when you look at the yields that we're currently offering within the non-time book today you see we continue to manage that. Really thoughtfully around those client relationships and certainly as rates begin to -- as interest rates grow they the market, we've got a core relationship book that we'll be working with. As we assess what the yield on those deposits will continue to look like. So you'll see us grow clients. You'll see us really thoughtfully manage the current book. And it will be a sense of what. Holistically across key but certainly very deliberate understanding of what does that look like in the money market book relative to what does that look like against each one of the transactional deposits that we have within our business. We're in a strong position given the decline that you've seen in timed deposits and a strong relationship based liquid book within our Community Bank. 
Nancy Bush : Do you feel that you'll have to perhaps give more of the rate rises to clients and to customers and more quickly than you have in the past? People have been complaining and I'm sure you're aware of low rates for a very long time and my sense is that they're going to be more sensitive when they begin to hear the news that rates have begun to rise.
Unidentified Company Representative : It's an unprecedented rate environment. We clearly will manage that closely going forward. We've got some good experience here and we expect that given the relationship nature of our clients, that we'll be able to manage that very well. And we don't have rate shoppers today.
Operator: And with no further question I’ll turn it back to you Ms. Mooney for any closing comments.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to your Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221, and that concludes our remarks. Please have a good rest of the day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-15 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Don Kimball - Chief Financial Officer Chris Gorman – President, Corporate Bank EJ Burke - Co-President, Community Bank Dennis Devine - Co-President, Community Bank Bill Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Steven Alexopoulos - J.P. Morgan Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Erika Najarian - Bank of America Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Josh Cohen - Jefferies & Company Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets Bill Carcache - Nomura Terry McEvoy - Sterne Agee John Hearn - RBC Capital Markets Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Sameer Gokhale - Janney Capital Markets 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the KeyCorp's, third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. This call is being recorded.  At this time I’d like to turn the conference over to Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead ma'am.   
Beth Mooney:  Thank you operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's, third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Joining me for today's presentation is Don Kimball, our Chief Financial Officer, and available for the Q&A portion of the call is Chris Gorman, President of our Corporate Bank; EJ Burke and Dennis Devine, Co-Presidents of our Community Bank; and Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide two is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. Turning to slide three. Key’s third quarter reflects solid trends in our core businesses, good credit quality, and disciplined capital management. However, overall results did not meet our expectations. We will provide more color and context around our results, as well our expectations for improvement in the fourth quarter.  In both the Community and Corporate Bank, revenue increased relative to previous quarter; however, the improvement was more than offset by lower gains from principal investing and leverage lease terminations. Average loans increased 5% from the year ago period, driven by a 11% increase in commercial, financial, and agricultural loans.  Linked quarter average balances showed a modest increase. Our commercial loan growth was negatively impacted by seasonality, capital markets activity, and the exit of non- strategic assets. Period end loan numbers were up 1% reflecting growth late in the quarter, and that momentum has continued into early October.  We continue to make progress on our client focused strategy, including growth in retail clients and increasing sales productivity across our franchise. Late in the third quarter, we also closed the acquisition of Pacific Crest Securities, adding an important new industry vertical and underscoring our commitment to being the leading corporate and investment bank serving middle market clients.  There was a fair amount of activity in the expense line this quarter. A pension settlement charge and our Pacific Crest acquisition added $26 million. Absent those items, core expenses were well controlled and were down from the prior year and previous quarter, as well as below our guidance range. Additionally, we incurred $15 million in charges related to our efficiency initiatives in the quarter.  Our reported efficiency ratio was 69.5% for the quarter, and we do not find this acceptable. The ratio excluding pension and efficiency charges was 66%, which was above our previous run rate and was largely a result of lower revenues in a few categories.  It is important to note that we expect this number to come down next quarter and to continue to make progress on our efficiency goals. Don will discuss more about our path forward in his remarks.  Our strong risk management practices resulted in another quarter of good quality trends. Net charge-offs to average loans were 22 basis points, well below our targeted range. Non-performing assets declined 28% from the year ago period and our non-performing asset ratio is down to 74 basis points.  Our level of new loan originations was consistent in the quarter with the prior quarter and our new business has a better overall risk rating than our existing portfolio, and while the environment remains competitive, we are remaining disciplined with structure and staying true to our relationship strategy.  In terms of capital management, we continued to execute on our capital plans by repurchasing $119 million in common shares in the quarter and we also closed our Pacific Crest acquisition in under 60 days from the time of announcement, and remain on schedule with our integration plans.  As I look at our results, I’m encouraged by many of the trends in our core revenue and expense; however, the quarter overall did not reflect the earnings potential of our company and fell short of our expectations.  Don will spend some time discussing the details of our third quarter results and more importantly, our outlook for improved performance in the fourth quarter. Additionally, we remain on a path to achieve our full year guidance.  With that, let me turn it over to Don. 
Don Kimble: Thanks Beth. I’m on slide five. This morning we reported net income from continuing operations of $0.23 per common share for the third quarter compared to $0.25 for the year ago quarter and $0.27 for the second quarter. This quarter, we incurred $35 million or $0.03 per share of costs associated with our efficiency initiatives and pension settlement.  The pension settlement charge was $20 million and was triggered by lump sum distributions, which were related to the reduction of approximately 1000 FTE as a result of our efficiency initiatives. Similar to last year, we would anticipate having additional settlement charges in the fourth quarter, which are expected to be in the range of $5 million to $10 million.  On the revenue side, we also had some developments late in the quarter that impacted our results, the most significant being several investment banking transactions that were delayed into the fourth quarter. We also saw lower than expected principal investing gains, as well as a $7 million reduction to revenue that was related to the visa litigation settlement. I’ll cover many of these items on the slide throughout my presentation, so I’ll now turn to slide six.  Average total loan growth continued in the third quarter with balances up $2.5 billion or 5% compared to the year ago quarter and up $185 million from the second quarter. Our year-over-year growth was once again driven primarily by commercial, financial, and agricultural loans, which was broad-based across Key’s business lending segment. Average commercial, financial, and agricultural loans were up $2.6 billion or 11% compared to the prior year and were relatively stable with the second quarter.  Third quarter loan balances were negatively impacted by seasonality such as floor plan lending, clients taking advantage of attractive capital markets, alternatives and the exit of non-strategic assets such as Key Equipment Finance International.  Importantly, new business loan originations remain consistent with the prior year. We also saw more loan growth in the latter part of the quarter, and as Beth mentioned, this momentum has continued into October and bodes well for the fourth quarter. And based on that, we expect annualized link quarter average loan growth in the fourth quarter to be in the mid-single digital range driven by commercial lending, and that we will meet our full year guidance. Importantly, we are remaining disciplined with our relationship focused in the quality and structure of our new business.  Continuing on to slide seven. On the liability side on the balance sheet, average deposits were up $2.4 billion from one year ago and up $1.3 billion from the second quarter. Deposit growth of 4% from the prior year and 2% from the prior quarter was largely driven by inflows from commercial clients, as well as increases related to our commercial mortgage servicing business. And as a result of our continued focus on improving deposit mix, year-over-year interest-bearing liability costs declined from 56 basis points to 52 basis points. Turning to slide eight. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $581 million for the third quarter compared to $584 million in the third quarter of 2013 and $579 million in the second quarter of this year. Our net interest margin was 2.96%, which was down 2 basis points from the prior quarter. The reported decline in net interest income and the net interest margin from the prior year was primarily attributed to lower asset yields and higher levels of excess liquidity, which was partially offset by loan growth and a more favorable mix of lower cost deposits.  Compared to the second quarter this year, net interest income was up $2 million, primarily due to an asset growth, higher loan fees, and an improvement in funding costs and the benefit of the day count. For the fourth quarter, we expect net interest income to remain relatively stable with the third quarter level.  We also expect to maintain our modest asset sensitivity position. As we have highlighted before, we have the flexibility to manage and quickly adjust our rate risk position and the duration and characteristics of Key’s loan and investment portfolios continue to position us to realize more benefit from a rise in the shorter end of the yield curve. Slide nine shows a summary of non-interest income, which accounts for approximately 42% of our total revenue. Non-interest income in the third quarter was $417 million, down from both the prior year and prior quarter, primarily due to lower gains from principal investing and leverage lease terminations.  We did, however, see positive trends in several of our fee-based businesses. Despite several large transactions being delayed into the fourth quarter, investment banking and debt placement fees remain strong at $88 million.  We also saw growth in trust and investment services and deposit service charges. For the fourth quarter, we expect non-interest income to be up in the low double-digit percentage range from the third quarter as a result of a strong finish to the year for investment banking driven by a strong pipeline, which includes deal activities that moved into the fourth quarter. It also includes a full quarter’s worth of Pacific Crest activity and a normal seasonal lift in corporate-owned life insurance, as well as a more typical run-rate for principal investing gains. Turning to slide 10, non-interest expense for the third quarter was $704 million, down $12 million from the year-ago period and up $15 million from the second quarter. Quarter expenses were well controlled and below our previously communicated guidance. As I mentioned earlier, reported expense includes $15 million in efficiency charges and a $20 million pension settlement charge. Combined, these two items added 350 basis points to our efficiency ratio.  We also incurred expense of $6 million during the quarter related to Pacific Crest Securities. Normalizing for Pacific Crest and the pension charge, which were both not included in our prior guidance, expense levels came in below our previously communicated $680 million to $690 million range as outlined in the lower right hand side of the slide.  Core expense levels continue to benefit from our continuous improvement efforts, including the consolidation of 12 branches in the third quarter and the rightsizing of our businesses and support areas.  In the fourth quarter we would expect reported expense levels to remain relatively stable with the third quarter, including a full quarter of Pacific Crest and a reduced pension settlement charge anticipated to be in the range or $5 million to $10 million. We also anticipate fourth quarter expense levels to include efficiency charges of approximately $10 million.  Importantly our guidance is consistent with our previous outlook for 2014 expenses. We remain committed to continuing to generate cost savings through our continuous improvement efforts, which will enable us to make investments and offset normal expense growth.  Moving to slide 11, our report efficiency ratio was 69.5% for the quarter and 66.7% on a year-to-date basis. This was clearly higher than our expectations. However, it does include elevated efficiency and pension charges, which year-to-date totals $69 million, well above our original estimate of $30 million for the full year.  Excluding efficiency and pension charges our year-to-date efficiency ratio was 64.5%. The higher charges reflect an acceleration of our initiatives as we continue to manage core expenses in an appropriate pace and make investments that will translate into future revenue growth.  The efficiency ratio remains an important measure and we expect to continue to make progress in the fourth quarter and 2015 from our current level. We have a pass forward built around business growth and expense management. Over the next two to three years we are committed to moving our cash efficiency ratio down to 60%. Importantly, longer term we are targeting a ratio in the high 50s.  Turning to slide 12, net charge-offs were $31 million or 22 basis points of average total loans in the third quarter, which continues to be below our targeted range. At September 30, 2014 our reserve for loan losses represented 1.43% of period in loans and 201% coverage of our non-performing loans. Importantly as Beth mentioned, the quality of our new business volume has consistently been better than that of our existing portfolio. We expect net charge-off to remain below our targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points in the fourth quarter.  In turning to slide 13, our tangible common equity ratio and our estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio, both remain strong at September 30 at 10.29% and 11.26% respectively. As Beth mentioned, we repurchased $119 million or 8.8 million common shares in the third quarter.  Importantly, our capital plans reflect our commitment to remain disciplined in managing our strong position. Our Tier 1 common ratio has remained above 11%, while we have paid out a peer-leading amount of capital to shareholders.  Moving onto slide 14, this is our fourth quarter and our full year 2014 outlook. As Beth mentioned, we continue to expect to achieve the full year guidance that we provided at the beginning of this year.  For the fourth quarter we expect an improvement from our third quarter run rate consistent with my comments today. Average loans should growth in the mid-single digit range annualized from the third quarter, as we benefit from recent growth, solid pipelines and normal seasonal trends, especially in our commercial businesses.  Revenues should reflect a meaningful pickup in non-interest income next quarter in the low double-digit percentage range as a result of a strong finish to the year for investment banking, including a full quarters impact of Pacific Crest Securities and a strong pipeline heading into the fourth quarter, a normal seasonal lift in corporate owned life insurance and what we would assume to be a more normal run rate for principal investing gains.  Reported expenses should remain relatively stable with the third quarter, including the addition of a full quarter of Pacific Crest, as well as an additional pension and settlement cost this quarter, albeit at a reduced level.  Credit quality should remain a good story with net charge-offs below our targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points. And finally, we expect to continue to execute on our share repurchase authorization consistent with our capital plans. With that, I’ll close and turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of the call. Operator. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). The first question is coming from the line of Steven Alexopoulos. Please go ahead sir. He is with J.P. Morgan. 
Steven Alexopoulos - J.P. Morgan: Good morning everyone. I’m assuming that’s me. 
Don Kimball: Good morning. 
Beth Mooney: Good morning. 
Steven Alexopoulos - J.P. Morgan: Can I ask you guys; on the efficiency ratio, it seems that focus is shifted to this long term 60% target. Are you still targeting 60% to 65% over the near term? It doesn’t seem like we are hearing much about that anymore. 
Don Kimball: Steven, this Don. What I would say is that for the last several quarters, we’ve talked about our plans to drive that efficiency ratio to the lower end of that previous guidance, and with the benefit of rates we should be able to drive it to something below 60%. So at the conference this past quarter, we changed our guidance to a long-term perspective of driving at below 60%. So we would expect to have a path to continue to drive it down from the current levels and be in that long-term guidance range over the next two to three years.
Steven Alexopoulos - J.P. Morgan: But Don, should we read into that, that you don’t think you’re going to be in that range near term. Is that why you are moving this to a longer-term view? 
Don Kimball: I would say the concern we had was that there were questions around would we be happy if we maintained it at the higher end of that range, and so 60% to 65% range was the previous guidance. And what we are focused on is driving positive operating leverage and the outcome of that should be to continue to drive that efficiency ratio lower, and that is our expectation for next quarter going into 2015 and for the next two to three year time period. 
Steven Alexopoulos - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and simultaneous with including an outlook for higher rates. The 10 year has now hit 2%. Can you help us think about how much incremental pressure that you put on loan yields, securities yields, and I don’t know where you are with HQLA, but do you need to build securities here at this level. Thanks. 
Don Kimball: The long end of the curve doesn’t have as much of an impact on us as the shorter end of the curve. If you look at our asset portfolio, loans typically have an average life of three years. Most of our loans are LIBOR based and so we are going to see more lift when we see the shorter end of the curve moving up.  When we look at the investment securities that we are purchasing, over the last couple of quarters, we’ve seen yields for purchases in the 2 to 2.25 level and so with the longer end of the curve coming down, it’s pushed that down a little bit, but it shouldn’t have a meaningful impact in the overall margin from what our current guidance would suggest.  And then as far as our HQLA and the LCR implications that we estimate as of September 30, that our LCR ratio would be around 80%. Our target for the first quarter of 2016 would be 90%, and we think we can get there with cushion with making some modest changes to continue to change in our mix of investment portfolio over to more Ginnie Mae’s, maybe some slight increases in the overall investment portfolio and then also some product changes, which we don’t think will be significant in any way. 
Steven Alexopoulos - J.P. Morgan: Great. Thanks for all the color. 
Don Kimball: Thank you. 
Operator:  Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill is next. Please go ahead sir. 
Scott Siefers – Sandler O'Neill & Partners:   Good morning guys. 
Don Kimball: Good morning Scott. 
Scott Siefers – Sandler O'Neill & Partners: So I guess first question is just on loan growth. There has been a little noise in the last couple of quarters. I think last quarter it was the flattish end of period numbers, and in this quarter, a little more sluggish average.  Obviously it hasn’t caused you to alter the full year guidance, but I was just curious if you could maybe put some or make some comments around any changes in demand you are seeing or any kind of changes in your risk appetite that might have caused things these last couple of quarters to come in a bit lighted than you had anticipated, if first of all that’s an appropriate conclusion. 
Chris Gorman: Sure Scott, this is Chris Gorman. Good morning. As you think about our model, our model is we only put about 15% of all the capital we raise on to our balance sheet. So on a trailing 12 basis for example, we raised about 55 billion in over 1,000 transactions, and again only about 15% finds its way to our balance sheet. And what that means is we can have some pretty big variations as you look quarter to quarter. If you look over the last five quarters or so, it probably ranges from $350 million to $900 million.  Now as you think about the third quarter, a couple of interesting things. One, new business volume was basically spot on from what it was in the prior quarter when we grew by $900 million. The reason that occurs is we sometimes bridge significant transactions. In the case of last quarter, we bridged something in the second quarter and took it out in the third quarter. That total was about $250 million. There was one particular transaction that was about $170 million, just to give some texture.  The other thing that we are always doing is reallocating our capital and all of our other resources for that matter, and in the third quarter as we always do, we really exited about 200 million of loans.  The last thing I would tell you is, we continue to maintain our discipline. So as you know Scott, we are leading most of these deals. We could easily take a bigger piece; we could be a buyer of some of this paper. We’ve elected not to do that. So you are going to see variations as you go quarter-to-quarter.  I think both Beth and Don alluded to the fact that as you look forward, we are comfortable with the guidance that we’ve provided all year, and the reason for that is (a) our pipeline; and (b) if you look at the fact that in the corporate bank we grew say $350 million during the quarter or 1.6%. As we look at the ending balance, it was up about $650 million. So I hope that gives you a little bit of texture for kind of what’s going on intra-quarter here in the Corporate Bank.
Scott Siefers – Sandler O'Neill & Partners:   Yes, that does. So, I appreciate that Chris. And then while I’ve got you, maybe a separate question. Don had alluded to a couple of the deals that you got in the investment-banking pipeline getting pushed to the fourth quarter. Are you able to provide a little context around that? In other words, are these just kind of individually unique circumstances that happen to tally to a few deals, so we get pushed through or are there any concerns given the market volatility and weakness that those deals would just not get completed. How are you thinking about that dynamic? 
Chris Gorman: Well Scott, let me start with, they are always market dependent and we are always worried about market volatility as you think about our transactions.  What Don alluded to is there were a couple of significant transactions, neither of which had gone away, both of which were pushed from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. But as you look at our total pipeline and we always probably adjust our pipeline, we feel pretty good about the fourth quarter. In fact, based on our interactions with our clients, the discussions we are having with our clients and our risk-adjusted pipeline, we believe the fourth quarter will be the strongest quarter of the year for us in investment banking and debt placement fees. 
Scott Siefers – Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Okay, good, that’s helpful and I appreciate it. That’s it for me, so thank you.
Don Kimball: Thank you, Scott. 
Beth Mooney: Thanks Scott. 
Operator:  Erika Najarian with Bank of America is next. Please go ahead. 
Erika Najarian – Bank of America: Good morning. Thank you. 
Don Kimball: Good morning. 
Beth Mooney: Good morning. 
Erika Najarian – Bank of America: My first question is just a clarity question. In terms of your guidance for expenses for fourth quarter, should we take the $704 million reported as the base or the $678 million core as the base? 
Don Kimball: Our guidance was compared to the $704 million reported, because keep in mind that in the $704 million this quarter included the pension settlement of $20 million and roughly $6 million of Pacific Crest.  Next quarter we’ll have a full quarter’s worth of Pacific Crest and so that will roughly be $20 million or so of expenses and then we expect our pension charge to be lower. So again, pension we said would be in the $5 million to $10 million and so with the combination of those items, the total will be expected to be relatively stable with that $704 million reported level. 
Erika Najarian – Bank of America: Got it and just sneaking one last one in, given Don your comments on the LCR being at 80% now and just remixing your securities portfolio to exceed your fully phase-in requirement by 1Q ’15, and clearly you’re more sensitive to the short end of the curve. Is it fair to say that this quarter’s margin represents close to the bottom near term, even though the 10-year is at 2%. 
Don Kimball: If we look at our margin today of 2.96%, we believe that even with rates being flat with where they are at today, that the margin will hold in relatively stable for next several years and so we do believe that we are at kind of a plateau there and I think you saw that with stability in our net interest income on a relative basis compared to the previous quarter and even the previous year now and so I think that’s starting to reposition that dynamic a little bit for us. 
Erika Najarian – Bank of America: Great. Thank you very much. 
Don Kimball: Thank you. 
Beth Mooney: Thank you.
Operator: Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley is next. Please go ahead. 
Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks. Don, a quick question for you. In terms of the unusual charges or the efficiency charges as you call them, how much longer do we take these, because they’ve been around for a long time. It seems that you would expect them to be around for a while more. What’s the outlook on that?
Don Kimball: For this quarter we had an additional consolidation of 12 branches and some other expense moves in connection with rightsizing some of the business and staff areas. And to your point, we will always have some smaller level of efficiency related changes going forward.  I would say that this year the level of them have been much higher than what we would have expected. We talked earlier in our script about $69 million worth of efficacy and pension related charges this year on a year-to-date basis, versus our full year estimate of $30 million. And so I would say that $30 million level is probably more of a full year type of projection and more of a normal environment.  What we did see this year was probably a little bit more pressure on revenues and felt that it was important for us to take additional efforts further enhance our expense reduction efforts. 
Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley: Got it. Okay, so $30 million for ’15 at least a ballpark estimate, okay. 
Don Kimball: And we haven’t given guidance yet for ’15, but I think that will be more of a normal level, that’s correct. 
Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley: Okay, and just second question, in terms of how you are thinking about lending or which categories you are targeting, where the 10-year is currently at 2%, does that drive any of your lending decisions or more specifically is there any loans, like CRE for example where you may pull back because of where rates are if things don’t change. 
Chris Gorman: So Ken, its Chris Gorman. With rates like this at the 10-year, what you’ll see is a significant pick up in some of things we do when we act agent, not principle. And as a result whether its Fannie, Freddie, FHA, those longer term fixed deals, you’ll see a lot of our clients opting for those.  Obviously the CMBS market has enjoyed a nice recovery this year. We think total issuance in the CMBS market will be between $90 billion and $95 billion this year. So that’s really – you really see it impacted more, our clients going long and going fixed and that really lends itself to our business model where we are functioning as agent not principal. 
Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Ken Usdin with Jefferies is next. Please go ahead. 
Josh Cohen – Jefferies & Company: Hey, this is actually Josh in for Ken. Thanks for taking our question. Can you speak to the low tax rate you guys realized this quarter and then how we should think about this going forward?
Don Kimball: Yes. Our tax rate reflects the benefit of a couple of credits. Those would be typical for us to have credits throughout the period. I think that our tax rate prospectively should be in the 25% to 28% range. 
Josh Cohen – Jefferies & Company: Okay and then I noticed that the CRE yields held flat linked quarter after almost 10 quarters of compression, and this is on top some pretty strong loan growth in that bucket. Can you provide some color on what you’re seeing here in terms of competition?
Chris Gorman: Sure. This is Chris Gorman speaking. I’ll take a pass at that and then EJ Burk may have some things to add to it as well. What we’re seeing is we are very, very targeted and so as you think about our multi family business, these are people that we do a lot of business with and so its really kind of a relationship approach as opposed to sort of one piece of paper that’s sort of a one-off piece of paper.  So I would say it’s a relationship at something for our targeted owners of real estate. We are doing a lot with them. Those are the people that in fact were providing some construction loans too. So I would say that’s why it’s holding up. 
Ed Burk: Yes, and the only other thing I would add is that our mix in real estate has changed a bit. Early in the cycle we did a lot of refinancing and with the market much stronger and property fundamentals a lot better, we shifted a little more to private owners of real estate, more stabilized property and there you are going to see, you will have a little better pricing power.
Josh Cohen – Jefferies & Company: Okay, thanks for the color.
Don Kimball: Great, thank you.
Operator: Bob Ramsey with FBR Capital Markets is next. Please go ahead.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets: Hey, good morning guys. First question, talking about Pacific Crest, I know you identified the costs that were there this quarter and your expectation for the fourth. Could you talk about the revenues? I know they weren’t around for very long this quarter, but the revenues if any that were there this quarter and sort of what the expectation there is in the fourth quarter?
Chris Gorman: Sure Bob, Chris Gorman. Let me start by, I just want to welcome the whole Pacific Crest team onto the platform. We have been very, very pleased with how the integration has gotten since we announced this transaction just at the end of the second quarter.  In terms of revenue, they were only around for part of September. The revenue and expenses were about $6 million on each side of the equation. As we go forward, what we’ve said publicly is they had a run rate last year of between $80 million and $85 million. Their pipelines are stronger today than they were when we started talking to them way back in August of last year, August a year ago that is.  So we feel good about the trajectory of the business. We feel good about what it brings to the platform.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets: Okay, great. And then remind me, the revenues coming through is a combination of the investment banking line and the trust investment services line. Is that correct?
Chris Gorman: That’s correct, and it’s about half and half as you think about their business; half investment banking, half equity sales trading and research.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets: Great. And then I was also curious; I know you talked about loan growth. You guys said earlier that you could easily on the commercial deals take a bigger piece in a lot of these transactions. Given that the asset quality, the loans you guys are marking today seems to be even better than the historical book. Is there a reason that your not taking little bit bigger pieces of these when you’ve got so much capital on your balance sheet and why not grow a little faster?
Don Kimball: Well, we clearly want to grow, make no mistake. I mean, as we look at every single quarter, we want to grow loans, deposits, fees, clients, bankers, we want to grow across the board. We think the way to do it and the most sustainable way though is to really go at growing clients and while its tempting to buy a piece of paper or its tempting to take a big hold position, what we want to do is maintain our moderate risk profile. We think over the cycle that will serve us well. 
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you guys.
Don Kimball: Thank you.
Operator: Bill Carcache with Nomura is next. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache – Nomura: Thanks. Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Don Kimball: Good morning.
Bill Carcache – Nomura: I had a follow-up question on your earlier comments regarding your efficiency initiatives. The additional expenses make complete sense as the industry evolves and adapts to the technological changes that we’re seeing, but there are others who are absorbing those expenses into their normal ongoing operations without having to call out specific efficiency initiatives.  And so I guess my question broadly is, what do you think it will take for Key to reach the point where it can absorb these costs without having to call them out every quarter and maybe some of your earlier comments you just said that will – maybe its next year when we’ll reach a point and I guess maybe I’ll stop there and love to hear any thoughts around that.
Don Kimball: Right. And we’re not calling those out to say that they are non-recurring, because we do expect to see a recurring level of restructuring charges. Why we call them out each quarter is that there is some fluctuation of their ability in that expense line from time-to-time and so this quarter and last quarter we had higher than normal levels of branch consolidations, which increased the level of restructuring charge. And so we think it’s just important for us to highlight what the core level of expenses are and also recognize that there is going to be some variability in that restructuring line item.  
Bill Carcache – Nomura: Okay, thank you. My other question is around the deposit mix. We know that over three quarters of your deposits reside inside of the Community Bank, but how much of that is small business and I guess more specifically, can you share how you think about the retail versus commercial mix of your deposit base? 
Don Kimball: Sure. As far as small business, it’s in the $4 billion range as far as total deposits for smaller business. We are very focused on our retail core deposit base and that would include small business as a part of that and we recognize the value of those deposits is clearly going to increase with the new rules as far as the LCR requirements and so we are very focused on that.  Dennis would you like to add anything as far as retail deposit base?
Dennis Devine : Sure. This is Dennis Devine, Co-President of the community bank leading consumer and small business; that’s absolutely right. And as you think about consumer and small business and business banking for deposits, I would certainly think about that continuum across how we think about our business banking segment and down into small business; very important segments for us. In our deposit base you see quarter-to-quarter growth. You do continue to see the improved mix of those deposits as well. So as this trench of CD’s, higher rate CD’s continues to run, you see us growing core deposits.  You see us aggressively in the context of the community bank and in the retail bank looking to grow the client base, to grow our relationship strategy, introducing the products, which have had some real success over the course of the past quarter and growing the number of clients that we are bringing to Key. And so that’s a central part of how we think about success in the community bank as the growth of core relationship clients, the deposits that come with them and certainly as the rate environment rentals see more and more value there.
Bill Carcache – Nomura: Thank you, that’s very helpful.
Operator: Terry McEvoy with Sterne Agee is next. Please go ahead.
Terry McEvoy - Sterne Agee: Thanks. I just have a question on the payments business. You’ve been spending there for the last few years on just generically speaking payments. So if I look at the revenue line, its kind of flat quarter-over-quarter and up a bit year-over-year. Was that spending just to stay competitive or would you expect that line, the revenue line to grow over time. 
Don Kimball: Yes Terry, this is Don and I would say that we clearly expect that revenue line to grow over time, and we are making investments in new products and capabilities. We are starting to sell those and so we are starting to see some benefit from those, but it clearly hasn’t hit stride yet, the full stride yet and so we would expect this to be an area where we would see better than average growth for our fee income for that category.  Chris, anything else you want to add there?
Chris Gorman: No, Terry its right. It’s something we’ve invested a lot of time. We’ve actually moved a lot of talented people into our commercial payments area. Its an area that we are very much focused on; we are getting traction on the purchase card.  The prepaid program that we are involved with, we just had a couple of major wins and based on the competitive landscape, we are actually pretty optimistic about being able to be impactful in the prepaid space, particularly because from a public sector perspective we are very focused on certain public entities that we think could benefit from it.
Terry McEvoy - Sterne Agee: And then just a follow-up question. Beth, I was reading the American Banker article last week about you and it mentioned the key basic credit line, which was compared somewhat with the deposit advance product, but it just didn’t fit that description. As others were getting out of that product and similar products, is this scenario of growth and maybe quantify how large this specific product is for Key.
Beth Mooney: Yes Terry, I’m going to ask Dennis Devine to augment my answer, but it was an opportunity for us to really differentiate how we are thinking about responsible banking and serving client bases that historically have been underserved and with products that are under scrutiny and concern, and we feel like we’ve done a number of things in that space to really make sure that we’ve made affordable alternatives available, and I’m going to let Dennis tell you a little bit more about that, because I do think it’s a point of distinction as well as a point of pride for a company.
Dennis Devine: Thanks Beth, and to reinforce Beth’s point specifically, it is not a deposit advance product. It’s a small line of credit that we make available, specifically to clients who traditionally have been unable to attain traditional or prime credit to the banking relationship. The criteria that we look at are deep and its based on the client’s relationship that they have with us.  Again, these are small lines and we look to build our credit history. Its very much designed to help introduce our clients to their ability to obtain and then manage credit. I think very small lines in the thousands of dollars has been a traditional max in the low end of the thousands of dollars and we’ve just extended that number up a little bit higher to try to create greater opportunity for our clients, but its designed to serve a population that wouldn’t otherwise be served in a responsible credit facing way, so that we can serve underserved populations and continue to build out the communities that we have.  But again, very much directly aligned with our relationship strategy. These are core clients of Key that have brought our relationships with us that we are looking to extend and help.
Terry McEvoy - Sterne Agee: I appreciate that. Thanks.
Operator: Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets is next. Please go ahead.
John Hearn - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. This is actually John Hearn on for Gerard. Just a quick question for you on the interest rate sensitivity table in your Q. I believe it’s a 200 basis point increase in rates, result in a 3% increase in net interest income. Does that exist exclusively on the short and intermediate terms or is it parallel shift of the yield curve.
Don Kimball: The underlying assumption is that the entire yield curve moves up by 200 basis points over a 12 month period and keep in mind though that really our asset sensitivity is more generated or source from that shorter end of the curve and so that’s where we would benefit the most and so that 10-year into the curve really doesn’t have as much of an impact.
John Hearn - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And have you examined where we see a flattening of the yield curve where it happens more in the front end and not in the back end. Can you say what the result would be for net interest income then?
Don Kimball: We have looked at twists and one of those would be where you see a flattening, where the short end of the yield curve moves up and that would be beneficial to us. We haven’t quoted what kind of an impact that would be, but it would be helpful just from having that LIBOR and the shorter end of the curve move up.
John Hearn - RBC Capital Markets: Great. All right, perfect, thank you. And then just as a quick follow-up, with your mobile banking adoption, could you speak to just the percentage of customers that are in the mobile channel currently and what are you expecting as we look forward, maybe to 2015.
Dennis Devine: This is Dennis Devine. We’ve seen north of a 30% year-over-year increase in the activity of our mobile clients. You’ve seen us introduce very competitive and strong solutions across not just the core mobile platforms that you would traditionally expect, but across an expanded set as the devices that our clients are using as we extend into windows and Droid and Amazon capabilities.  And so as building on Beth and Don’s comments from earlier, as Key looks at its ability, both to serve its clients and to reposition our business, to serve those clients in a cost efficient and effective way, our digital investments really build upon mobile and so from a mobile first perspective is the way we think about serving many, many of our clients and on important part of our strategy is making sure that we’ve built up the talent to be able to do just that. So we’ve seen substantial growth. There is no doubt it’s the most explosive source of client activity in our business over the course of the past year. We expect that to continue. 
John Hearn - RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thanks for taking our questions.
Beth Mooney: Thank you.
Operator: Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research is next. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Elliott – Autonomous Research: Hello there. I wondered if you could discuss how the widening in high yield spreads impacts the business; either in terms of impacts on the investment banking and capital market side or on the lending side by potentially pushing customers back from capital markets and other alternatives towards borrowing from Key’s balance sheet. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Sure. This is Chris Gorman speaking. I mean, the biggest driver in the high yield market is if there are net inflows or outflows and after seeing a series of launch where there were outflows, there have been inflows into the high yield market and in fact we’ve been able to price a deal, one deal already this week.  So if that market is healthier, that is the high yield market, that is very, very beneficial for transaction related revenue and we have a pretty significant M&A business. That business is up year-over-year 70% and part of the reason that its up is the availability of financing vehicle such as the high yield market.  The interesting thing that we’ve talked about before; right now our model is frankly best served when the markets have some level of disequilibrium, because we are able to move from product to product. So to the extent they are seized to be a high yield market, that would probably benefit our platform overall, because we have all the various tools that we can go to, to fill in that gap in the capital structure.
Geoffrey Elliott – Autonomous Research: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question is coming from the line of Sameer Gokhale with Janney Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sameer Gokhale – Janney Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Don Kimball: Good morning.
Sameer Gokhale – Janney Capital Markets: I had a question about your share buybacks this quarter. When I look at your buybacks, I think you spent $119 million and based on your remaining authorization it looks like you could do – you have $315 million left, about $158 million per quarter.  Your run rate has been a little bit below that and I was curious as to whether we should expect you to use up all of that authorization looking out the next two quarters or might you not spend all of that on buybacks. How should we think about that?
Don Kimball: As we look at our share buybacks, they are consistent with our capital plan that we submitted to the federal reserve earlier this year and so some of the timing of the share buybacks are based on shares that are issued in connection with employee compensation plans and other things and so some of those maybe weighted toward the quarters that those are granted, which is typically in the first quarter of each year. And so absent that I would say that generally the share buybacks are fairly consistent throughout the year and our progress to-date is very consistent with the plan that we submitted.
Sameer Gokhale – Janney Capital Markets: Okay, but I’m sorry. We should expect the pace of buybacks to pick up over each of the next two quarters? 
Don Kimball: We would expect to see greater share buyback in the next two quarters compared to what we’ve exercised in the first two quarters of this capital plan, that’s correct, yes. 
Sameer Gokhale – Janney Capital Markets: Okay, thank you. And then another question was just your Lean Six Sigma initiative. Obviously you’re very focused on improving your efficiency ratio. Of course part of that is part of function of revenues, but in terms of just your Six Sigma implementation and it sounded like this was really the first time you’ve ever measured end to end process ever at a company, and I want to find out if you have any early reads, any early wins in those related to Lean Six Sigma or if its just too early in the process here to really talk about it in depth.  Because it sounds like for a company that really hasn’t ever measured its processes end to end, it could be a lot of low handing fruit that you could take over the next few quarters. Can you talk about that a little bit?
Beth Mooney: Yes, I’ll go ahead. This is Beth, and give some context on that and then I’ll ask Don to give perhaps more granularity. We do look at Lean Six Sigma as an opportunity for our company and you are correct. What you would call the true Lean Six Sigma approach, the end-to-end process where you both drive for a revenue opportunity, client outcomes, as well as looking forward to ways to be more productive and efficient as an opportunity for our company.  We have launched approximately 10 different Lean Six Sigma programs. Of course our projects right now are varying in degrees of size and significance, but it is something that we are more broadly putting into the company, everything from our sales process to how we look at our credit originations.  So we are excited at early outcomes, root causes, where we are in the process and the opportunities that will yield both for revenue expenses, as well as a better client experience and I’ll let Don give a little bit more dimension to that.
Don Kimble: Sure. A couple of examples of where we found success with this and it would include in our branch sales process that Dennis have talked before and we’ve mentioned recently here that if you look at our sales per person, per day in the branches, they are up over 30% year-over-year and that whole process was subjected to a Lean Six Sigma effort and review and I think it was helpful in achieving that. I wouldn’t say it was that by itself, but that clearly helped set the table for us. Another area that we are close to wrapping up as well is the whole commercial lending side and within the middle market space and so we’ve seen some real good progress there as far as making that process much more efficient and effective and are counting on lots of benefits from that going forward as well.  And so as Beth said, this is in the early stages. We do believe this could be a core part of our culture going forward and we are getting a lot of excitement and interest from all of our employees that have participated in these efforts already.
Sameer Gokhale – Janney Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions. I would now like to turn the conference back to our host Beth Mooney; please continue.
Beth Mooney: Thank you operator. Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate on our call today. If you have any follow up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221, and that concludes our remarks. Thank you again.
Operator: That concludes the call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney – Chairman & CEO Don Kimble – CFO Bill Hartmann – Chief Risk Officer Chris Gorman – President, Corporate Bank EJ Burke – Co-President, Community Bank
Analysts:  Marty Mosby – Vining Sparks Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets Ken Usdin – Jefferies & Company Erika Najarian – Bank of America Scott Siefers – Sandler O'Neill & Partners Keith Murray – ISI Group Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley Bob Ramsey – FBR & Co. Nancy Bush – NAB Research Geoffrey Elliott – Autonomous Mike Mayo – CLSA Limited Sameer Gokhale – Janney Capital Markets Ming Zhao – SIG
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's second-quarter 2014 earnings conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead.
Beth Mooney:  Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's second-quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Joining me for today's presentation is Don Kimball, our Chief Financial Officer. Available for the Q&A portion of the call are Chris Gorman, President of our Corporate Bank; EJ Burke, Co-President of our Community Bank; and Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. Turning now to slide 3. This was a good quarter for Key with solid financial results that reflect the successful execution of our strategy and continued progress on our commitment to one, drive positive operating leverage. Second, to maintain strong risk management practices. Third, to remain disciplined in the way we manage our capital. Our positive operating leverage from the prior year, reflects the work we have done to capitalize on the strength of our business model and improve efficiency by both growing revenue and reducing expenses. Compared to the year-ago period, pre-provision net revenue was up 13%. Positive revenue trends for both the prior year and previous quarter reflect solid loan growth, driven by our commercial, financial, and agricultural loans. CF&A loans were up $3 billion or 13% from the second quarter of last year. We have been pleased with the quality of our new loan originations, but we continue to see loan yields impacted by the competitive pricing environment. Non interest income benefited from the strength in our investment banking and debt placement fees, which were up 18% from both the prior year and the prior quarter. Coupled with our solid loan growth, these results reaffirm the strength of our business model and our success in growing market share. Expenses were down $22 million, or 3% from the prior year, and in line with our guidance. Our second-quarter results reflect normal seasonal trends and the acceleration of charges related to our continuous improvement effort. We remain committed to further improvement on expenses and efficiency, and Don will discuss more on our path forward in his remarks. Our strong risk management practices resulted in another quarter of very good credit-quality trends. Net charge offs to average loans were 22 basis points, well below our targeted range. Nonperforming assets declined 41% from the year-ago period. Our NPA ratio is down to 74 basis points. Importantly, we continue to originate new business that has better overall risk rating than our existing portfolio. While the environment remains competitive, we are remaining disciplined with structure and staying true to our relationship strategy. Capital management also remains one of our top priorities. In the second quarter, we began executing on our 2014 capital plan by repurchasing $108 million in common shares and increasing our quarterly dividend by 18% to $0.065 per common share. These actions put us on a path to remain among the highest in our peer group for total shareholder payout, the second consecutive year. Over the past few years, we have also used our capital to drive opportunistic growth through acquisitions of commercial mortgage servicing, credit card, and branches. Today, we announced another strategically important investment, which is highlighted on the next slide. Moving now to slide 4. Pacific Crest Securities is a leading technology-focused investment bank and capital markets firm. This acquisition underscores our commitment to be a leading corporate and investment bank serving middle-market companies. The comprehensive platform aligns with our industry expertise and gives us another important industry vertical. Adding technology expertise accelerates our momentum and will provide us the opportunity to add and expand client relationships. Clients will benefit from our broad capabilities as well as the expertise we will now bring to the market around technology trend that are intersecting and impacting our other industry verticals. We anticipate the transaction will close in the third quarter of this year, subject to standard regulatory approvals. I am very excited about this acquisition and pleased with our overall financial results for the quarter. We have good momentum in our core businesses and our strategy and business model continue to provide a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Now, I will turn it over to Don, who will comment further on our second-quarter results. Don?
Don Kimble:  Thanks, Beth. Slide 5 provides highlights from the Company's second-quarter 2014 results. This morning we reported net income from continuing operations of $0.27 per common share for the second quarter, compared to $0.21 for the second quarter of 2013 and $0.26 from the first quarter of this year. I will cover many of this in my remarks, so I will now turn slide 7. Average total loan growth remained solid in the second quarter, with balances up $2.9 billion, or 6% compared to a year-ago quarter, and up $0.9 billion, or an un-annualized 2% compared to the first quarter. Our growth was once again driven primarily by commercial, financial and agricultural loans, which was broad-based across Key's business lending segments. Average commercial, financial and agricultural loans were up $3 billion or 13% compared to the prior year and up $1.1 billion or 4% un-annualized from the first quarter. In the second quarter, total commitments were up with utilization rates relatively stable. As Beth mentioned, the lending environment continues to be competitive. By remaining disciplined with our relationship focus, the quality and structure of our new business has held strong. Our outlook for loan growth for 2014 remains consistent with our prior guidance of mid single-digit, full-year growth driven by CF&A. Continue on to slide 8. On the liability side of the balance sheet, average deposits were up $1.6 billion from a year ago and up $0.8 billion from the first quarter. Deposit growth of 2% from the prior year and 1% for the prior quarter was largely driven by inflows from commercial clients as well as increases related to our commercial mortgage servicing business. As a result of continued focus on improving deposit mix, year-over-year interest-bearing liability cost declined from 62 basis points to 52 basis points. Turning to slide 9. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $579 million for the second quarter compared to $586 million in the second quarter of 2013 and $569 million in the first quarter of this year. Our net interest margin was 2.98%, which was down 2 basis points from the prior quarter. Results in second quarter reflect the impact of a leveraged lease early termination, which reduced net interest income by $2 million and our margin by 1 basis point. The reported decline in net interest income and the net interest margin from the prior year was attributable to the competitive environment, lower asset yields, and loan fees as well as a leveraged lease early termination. These items were partially offset by loan growth, maturity of higher rate CDs and a more favorable mix of our lower-cost deposits. Compared to the first quarter of this year, net interest income was up $10 million, primarily due to the continued loan growth and the benefit of the day count and an improvement in funding costs. For the full-year 2014, we expect net interest income to be relatively stable with reported level in 2013 with potential for downward pressure do to the competitive environment. We also expect to maintain our modest asset sensitivity position. As we have highlighted before, we have the flexibility to manage and quickly adjust our rate-risk position. The duration and characteristics of Key's loan investment portfolios continue to position us to realize more benefit from a rise in the shorter end of the yield cover. Slide 10 shows a summary of non interest income, which accounts for approximately 44% of our total revenue. Non interest income in the second quarter was $455 million, up $26 million or 6% from the second quarter of last year and up $20 million or 5% from the first quarter of 2014. The year-over-year increase was due to stronger investment banking and debt placement fees as well as principal investing and a $17 million gain from the leveraged lease termination that I mentioned earlier. Improvement in the first quarter was primarily related to the stronger investment banking and debt placement fees which were up $15 million as well as the leveraged lease termination gain. We also saw increases in normal seasonal trends in areas like deposit service charges, and cards and payments income. As Beth mentioned, strength in the investment banking and debt placement fee helps illustrate the benefits of our business model, which allow us to capitalize on revenue opportunities whether they are through execution in the capital markets when conditions are favorable or by offering on-balance fee alternatives. Turn to slide 11. Non interest expense for the second quarter was $689 million down $22 million from a year-ago period and up $27 million from the first quarter. Second-quarter expenses included $24 million in charges related to the efficiency initiatives, which added 2.3% to our efficiency ratio. Expense levels reflect normal seasonality in the area such as marketing and personnel, as well as elevated efficiency charges due to the acceleration of our continuous improvement efforts. Specific actions this quarter included closing 18 branches, a 20% reduction in the headcount in our fixed income trading business and the exit of our international leasing business. In the second half of the year, we would expect expense levels to remain relatively stable with the second quarter in the $680 million to $690 million range. Quarterly results may be impacted by the timing of expense savings and efficiency charges and the pace of investments and merger-related charges related to Pacific Crest. Moving on to slide 12. Our year to date, we have recognized $34 million and efficiency related charges. We would anticipate additional charges in the second half of the year at a level more comparable to what we experienced in the first quarter. This will likely bring efficiency charges for the full year to the upper end of our range of 1% to 2% of 2013 expenses. Importantly, our guidance for the second half of the year is consistent with our previous outlook for 2014 expenses, which is down in the low to mid single-digit percentage range from the prior year. We remain committed to continuing to generate cost savings through our continuous improvement efforts, which will enable us to make investments and offset normal expense growth. Slide 13 is our path to achieve the lower end of our cash efficiency ratio target of 60% to 65% over the next two to three year period. We expect the improvement to come from growing our business both organically and through strategic investments as well as from additional expense reductions. Importantly, this assumes no benefit from higher interest rates. If rates move in line with the forward curve, we would expect this to move our efficiency ratio below our targeted range. Turning to slide 14. Net charge-offs were $30 million, or 22 basis points, on average loans in the second quarter, which continues to be below our targeted range. In the second quarter, net charge-offs benefited from improvement in total gross charge-offs, which were down 24% from the prior year and down 2% from the prior quarter. Commercial loan charge-offs continued to be a good story with recoveries exceeding charge-offs by $3 million in the second quarter. The breakdown of asset quality by loan portfolio is shown on slide 22 of the appendix. At June 30, our reserve for loan losses represented 1.46% of period end loans and 206% coverage of our nonperforming loans. Importantly, as Beth mentioned, the quality of the new business volume has consistently been better than that of our existing portfolio. We expect net charge-offs to remain below the target range of 40 to 60 basis points for the remainder of the year and for the loan loss provision to approximate the level of net charge-offs. Turning the slide 15. Our tangible common equity ratio and estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio both remain strong at June 30 at 10.15% and 11.33% respectively. As Beth mentioned, we repurchased $108 million or 7.8 million common shares in the second quarter. We also increased our quarterly common share dividend by 18% to $0.065 per share. Importantly, our capital plans reflect our commitment to remaining disciplined in managing our strong capital position. Our Tier 1 common ratio remained above 11%, while we have paid out a peer leading amount of capital to our shareholders. Moving on to slide 16. This summary of our 2014 outlook and expectations is consistent with my comments today. As I stated earlier, we expect average loans to continue to grow year over year in the mid single-digit range and our net interest income to remain relatively stable with our reported level in 2013. Revenue should benefit from the full-year, low signal-digit growth and non interest income compared to the prior year. We continue to anticipate expenses will be down low- to mid-single digits on a full-year basis. This guidance reflects the impact of implemented expense savings, planned investments, as well as future costs associated with implementing additional cost-saving initiatives. Credit quality should remain a good story with net charge-offs below our targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points for the remainder of year. Finally, capital management will remain a priority including continuing to execute on our share repurchase authorization. With that, I'll close and turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) One moment for our first question. And we’ll go to the line of Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please go ahead. 
Marty Mosby – Vining Sparks:  Beth, I wanted to first ask you a little bit about the acquisition. Was this able to use some of your excess capital? Can you deploy cash into these types of acquisitions? How do you think about this going forward?
Beth Mooney:  Yes, Marty. This is a cash acquisition for us and it is an opportunity for us to build out a differentiated platform and consistent with our desire to expand our industry verticals, so it will be cash. It is not a material transaction in terms of its size, but we think it's significantly proceeds its size for what it's going to do for us within our Corporate banking platform.
Marty Mosby – Vining Sparks: Do you see these types of acquisitions – because through the cash side you can use a little bit of that excess capital that's trapped on the balance sheet. Do you see some other opportunities going forward to be able to look to use some of your excess capital?
Beth Mooney:  Marty, we have always said that one of the opportunities we will have through time is how we can deploy some capital, not only to support organic growth, but you've seen us over the last couple years deploy capital for commercial mortgage servicing, we brought back in our credit card portfolio. So yes, some piece of the advantage, I believe, that we have is the levels of our capital will both support inorganic growth, organic growth, as well as, clearly, a high priority, which is return of capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
Marty Mosby – Vining Sparks: Thanks. Don, on the efficiency ratio, you broke out this time the adjustment for what you have in charges each quarter. You've kind of showed what was interesting is why it's been a downward trend. There's also been some seasonality with fourth quarter and typically second quarter is a little bit higher. But you broke that trend this quarter with, once you take the charge out, the actual efficiency ratio, operating wise, went down from first to second quarter. It seems like expenses came in a little better than what I expected. I just was curious if there were a little bit more traction in the efficiency gains this quarter than what we've seen in the past?
Don Kimble:  We continue to move for additional efficiency gains and they could be lumpy at times as far as their benefit. I think you highlighted some key points there that despite the fact that we had some increases in our marketing costs lean quarter and some other items like that that our core efficiency ratio did show improvement. That's something we're striving for over the long haul.
Marty Mosby – Vining Sparks: Lastly, you mentioned just a statement you have that you said a couple of times that the incremental loan growth is of higher quality than your existing portfolio. I think that foreshadows better asset quality trends as we go forward, but why is it so much better than what you would've had in the past? What makes it different with what you're seeing in the market today than what you've been able to build over time?
Bill Hartmann:  Marty, this is Bill Hartmann. One of the things that we've seen is the focus that we have had in the last couple of years on our relationship strategy has really focused us on who we want to do business with. If you take a look at the portfolio that we had, we continue to see de-risking occurring in that portfolio. Part of that is driven by the improvement in the new business that's going in and part of it by the improvement in the existing portfolio.
Marty Mosby – Vining Sparks: Bill, would you think that would lower your targeted charge-off rate at some point, if that continues?
Bill Hartmann:  We know that right now it is changing, it is lowering our probability of default.
Marty Mosby – Vining Sparks: Right. Okay. Thank you 
Operator:  Thank you. We’ll go to the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead. 
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets:  Can you guys share with us how long it took when KeyCorp bought McDonald's and Company, how long it took to fully integrate it where you guys were comfortable that it was working very effectively?
Chris Gorman: Sure, Gerard. This is Chris Gorman. Just a little bit of history for the group. McDonald was acquired by Key in 1998, and the businesses were really run independently until 2003 when we put about 17 businesses together to form our Corporate and Investment bank. Admittedly, Gerard, it took probably two or three years before we really started to get the rhythm of being very targeted, as Bill Hartmann just mentioned, in who we want to do business with. And really getting focused in our industry verticals, which as you know, is how we go to market and how we've been successful. Clearly, anytime you acquire a group of people, and in this instance where acquiring 170 people that are very very good at what they do in technology, there's obviously integration challenges. I'm really pleased, though, in this instance this was not an auction by any stretch of the imagination. This is a negotiated deal that we've been working on since September of last year. So A, we've done it before and B, we've been working on this particular transaction and how we’re going to go to market, obviously, for the better part of a year now. That just gives you a little bit of history.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets:  Thank you. Obviously, in this type of business the people part of it is extremely important, how do you expect to keep the key players at Pacific Crest with you? Second, when you look back to the McDonald deal, are there many people left from the original McDonald transaction that were key people back then that may or may not be here today?
Chris Gorman:  I will start with the first part and then I'll address the second part. With respect to the first part, Gerard, we had a very specific list of people as we got to know the company that we thought it was imperative that we had their hearts and minds and that they believed in the shared vision going forward. In fact, each of those people, each and every one of those folks, have executed, as a condition of us entering into this agreement, a retention agreement, so that's a good start. What really will drive this, though, is the notion of a shared vision. One, we know we can plug this industry vertical, i.e. technology, into our business, but the real opportunity, the real long-term opportunity, is what we call convergence. That is the way technology is now infused across all business and particularly the six industry verticals that we operate in. That's what I think people both here and at Pacific Crest are really excited about. With respect to McDonald investments, as you know, we sold the retail piece and we sold that fairly early. With respect to the people that were on the banking platform, many of those people are still here today. I was obviously part of that, Randy Paine, who is going to be responsible for driving this integration, was on that platform, as was the Chief Operating Officer of the broker dealer, Doug Preiser. So, there are a lot of people, actually, in this building today that came over as part of the McDonald acquisition way back in 1998.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets:  Great. Lastly, Don, do your results for the current quarter reflect the shared national accredited exam results? I know some of the lead banks out of New York were given their results, so do the reserves or the reclassification of any loans that may have occurred because of the shared national credit exam, are those reflected in your credit quality statistics this quarter?
Bill Hartmann:  This is Bill Hartman again. Yes, it does.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets:  Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) One moment for the next question.  Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Ken Usdin – Jefferies: I was wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit more on the commercial lending environment? You'd had a couple of really strong quarters and then just looking at the commercial financial agricultural owning up $100 million this quarter. Understanding that you're being selective and that it's competitive out there, but can you give us a flavor for what you guys are seeing throughout your verticals in customer base? Is this at all really leaving some growth on the table, or is there some slowdown that we've seen recently that wouldn't have shown, necessarily, in the industry data versus what you guys are doing?
Chris Gorman,:  Ken, this is Chris. Let me take a pass at that, if I could. First of all, and I will speak just for the Corporate bank and then I'll turn it over to EJ Burke, who will give you some insight into what's going on in the Community bank. From a Corporate bank perspective, we continue to see good loan growth. If you look year-over-year, we are up 14.5%. On a linked-quarter basis where up 4.3%. Candidly, we see the momentum continuing. Now, because of our model, because were able to toggle between being a principal and being an agent, you will see fluctuations because we only put about 15% of the capital we raise on our balance sheet. We think, look, it's a challenging market out there in a variety of ways. Is there pricing pressure? Yes, there's some. Is there some pressure on structure? There is. What we're really finding is with our targeted approach, Ken, the deals that we're going after that we want to put on our balance sheet, we're putting on her balance sheet. The clients that we go after, and we don't really chase loans or any other product per se, what we really go after are clients. We're able to capture those clients. While it's always competitive and it's always a challenging environment, we feel pretty good about how the business looks going forward.
EJ Burke:  Ken, this is EJ Burke. I would say that our pipelines have been growing. In the second quarter we did see the same level of competition that we've seen throughout the year. In our lower-end size client, we're competing against smaller community banks where it appears that there is a lot more competition around structure. Like Chris said, we're being selective. We're being very disciplined around our relationship strategy, and we're very comfortable with the pace of growth that we have in that business. 
Don Kimble: Ken, this is Don. I may have misspoken on the call, but our growth in CF&A lending at one quarter is $1 billion and year-over-year is $3 billion. So, I want to make sure that that growth rate is actually at a faster pace this quarter than what we've seen in the previous couple quarters.
Ken Usdin – Jefferies: Okay. I was just looking at the period end up 100% on page 23 on period-end basis. Second question, Don, can you just also talk a little bit about where you guys stand now on LCR compliance? It didn't look like you really built much more on the security's book. Is that pretty much done, and do you have any anticipation that you'd have to either continue to expand your liquidity base through either sub debt or other non-deposit funding from here?
Don Kimble:  Ken, we're still waiting for the final rules to come through, but if they come through in the line with our expectations, most of our effort is really shifting the mix of that investment portfolio away from agencies to Ginnie Maes. As of the end of the second quarter, we had about 31% of our portfolio in Ginnie Maes. We'll continue to take the cash flows from the portfolio and reinvest it that way, and that will take us north of a third of our portfolio by the end of the year, in that category of which we believe should position us well for LCR compliance.
Ken Usdin – Jefferies: Okay. Very good. Thanks, Don.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go to the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian – Bank of America:  In terms of the actual impact for Pacific Crest for full-year 2015 in the income statement, could you give us a sense of what that could be? 
Don Kimble: Erika, this is Don. As we've mentioned before, it won't be a material acquisition from a pure P&L perspective. We would say that over the last 12 months revenues have been in the $80 million range. Just to give you a perspective of the size.
Erika Najarian – Bank of America: Got it. I will follow up off-line, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. We’ll go to the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead. 
Scott Siefers – Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Good morning, guys. Yes. I think my first one is following on Ken's The difference between average loan growth at end of period was pretty considerable. Was there any large payoff or large payoff, Don, that impacted that? Just because the end-of-period balances were much lower here. It certainly doesn't sound like there's anything that impacts your outlook for the full year but just am curious why there's such a big delta between the average and end of period this quarter?
Don Kimble:  Yes, Scott. As far as the impact, we had a couple of things that did impact the period-end balances. If you look at our exit portfolio, it was down $325 million, point to point, and that included the impact of the leveraged lease transaction that we mentioned before, which was over $100 million as far as the balances. Chris also referenced earlier that we can see some timing differences from point to point as far as deals that would close and the use of our balance sheet versus access of other markets for our customers. That had an impact. As you also articulated that even with that change in the position that we still are reiterating, our outlook as far as mid single-digit growth year-over-year in loan growth.
Scott Siefers – Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Okay, perfect that make sense. I appreciate it. Just one kind of ticky-tack question. The tax rate was a little lower this quarter. I know in the past when you have leveraged lease transactions they've had an impact on the tax rate. Did that do anything this quarter? Just the basic question is, was there anything in the tax rate and what would be your expectation for the remainder of the year?
Don Kimble:  Yes, the leveraged lease transaction did have an impact on the tax rate. On a normal basis, we would expect that rate to be in the 26% 28% range, so that clearly had a benefit this quarter.
Scott Siefers – Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Okay. That's perfect. Thanks a lot, Don.
Don Kimble: Thanks, Scott. 
Operator:  Thank you. We’ll go to the line of Keith Murray with ISI. Please go ahead. 
Keith Murray – ISI Group:  Curious, given your exposure on the commercial bank side and how strong you are there, it doesn't make sense the strength that we've seen in C&I lending in what's continued to be a slow GDP backdrop and not a lot of CapEx. What do you see the clients building up the credit usage for? Just curious what you're seeing?
Chris Gorman:  Keith, it's Chris. To your point, we have not seen a lot of plant expansion. What we have seen is a lot of strategic discussions. Business is a dynamic thing. If you look at – I think everyone was a little disappointed with the growth rates in the first quarter, in terms of GDP. But like we are doing with our announcement of Pacific Crest, many of our clients are looking to grow strategically. If you look our M&A business, our fees are up, year over year, about 134%. I just looked at the deals that we had approved through our commitment committee. Those are up 29%. So, you have a situation where people are sitting on a lot of cash. There's not a lot of growth to be had and so people are looking to grow strategically. A couple other areas were think we’re seeing a little bit of pickup. Yesterday, in talking to our leader in our leasing business, we're seeing a pickup in terms of medical equipment. During the Affordable Healthcare Act and some of the uncertainty around that, that actually went down a little bit. Now, we are seeing investment by large hospitals. The other thing that I think we’re seeing a little bit of is, for the first time in a long time, people are starting to see a little bit of inflation in some of the raw material inputs that they need to run their business. Of course, that encourages people, a little bit, to go out and get some inventory.
Beth Mooney:  Keith, one other area, while you asked on the loan side specifically, I know Chris has talked about, with our platform investment banking and debt placement fees being up, they are participating in those strategic discussions, and some of the benefit you see is coming through in that strong growth. Investment banking is in our M&A advisory book as well. EJ, would you like to give some color on middle market?
EJ Burke:  Yes, Beth. Part of what Chris mentioned around strategic acquisitions, that can be a double-edged sword for us. We've seen some of our private companies be sold, which means that we get paid down. Then alternatively, some of our other clients have been buying other companies, so that has definitely had an impact on our portfolio. I would say, though, in the second quarter, we did start to see some borrowing for expansion. First time in a while.
Keith Murray – ISI Group:  Thanks very much. (indiscernible) with the Hassle-Free checking account you guys came out with?
Don Kimble:  I'm sorry, Keith, you cut off there, because we did not hear the entire question. Could you repeat it, please?
Keith Murray – ISI Group:  I'm sorry. Just asking on the Hassle-Free checking account that you guys came out with, what's the philosophy behind that and the return profile you think about that over the long term?
Beth Mooney:  Keith, I'll go ahead and take that one. Hassle-Free is a new account offering for us that we put into the market and supported, obviously, with our increased marketing spend, was to promote that launch as well as what is always our spring home equity borrowing season. It is designed for ease. It is designed for convenience. It is designed to help create utilization of lower-cost channels and alternative channels, such as online and mobile. It has been met with good market receptance. We're only six weeks or so into the launch, but have had a meaningful increase in overall traffic, number of new accounts, and it is both an attractor of new clients. But it is also an opportunity, as we get them in, to profile and cross sell. I would tell you we are very encouraged by early results, and it is, like I said, still early days, but it has been a very positive market positioning and market reaction for us.
Keith Murray – ISI Group:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go to the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley:  Just a quick question on the leveraged lease termination, I think you mentioned it had a $2 million impact on NII and a little bit on NIM. Does that have any carryover impact in the third quarter given the timing of the termination?
Don Kimble:  This is Don. It really doesn't have much of an impact in the third quarter. Most of it was really just the gain realized this quarter and some slight impact future quarters, but not significant.
Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley:  Okay. Thanks. Then, just one other question. In terms of the RISO ratio, I hear what you're saying that charge-offs are going to remain below your normalized guidance, but when you think about the reserves at 1.46% right now, of loans. Where do you see that stabilizing? The questions also stems around some banks may be getting a little more pressure to stabilize the reserves as opposed to continue releasing. Are you at the point where you feel that you're at a stable level, or is there more downside to the reserve side – ratios?
Bill Hartmann:  Ken, this is Bill Hartmann. We spend a significant amount of time each quarter evaluating the portfolio and what we think the expected losses are out of that portfolio in establishing the appropriate reserve levels. As we close out each quarter, just like we did this quarter, we think that it's set at the appropriate level, but we'll continue to evaluate that going forward.
Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley:  Understood. I understand how it's always at the appropriate level. My question is, when you envision, given the higher-quality loans that you're putting on, where that ends up being? Or more specifically are you seeing or hearing any pressure from the regulators or other sources that may want that not to decline from here?
Bill Hartmann:  The conversations that we have with the regulators are very similar to what I described. They're not telling us that we should increase or decrease. What they are making sure is that were intelligent in the way we go about evaluating the appropriate level of our reserves.
Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley: Alright. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. We’ll go to the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR. Please go ahead. 
Bob Ramsey – FBR & Co.:  Hey. Good morning. Just a couple quick questions on fee income. Obviously, a strong quarter for fee income and investment banking and principal investment income in particular. It sounds, from your commentary around investment banking, as if trends in that business are good. Is this is a good run rate for this quarter, or do you think you pull back a little bit to more like where you've been running?
Chris Gorman:  Bob, it's Chris. As you know well, in this business there'll always be a fair amount of fluctuation quarter-to-quarter. As you go back, historically, typically, we, for example, ramp up in the fourth quarter. Rather than give any guidance on what should be a run rate, what I will share with you is, across the board, our pipelines are stronger today than they were one year ago. Obviously, when these deals hit, if they hit, obviously, there's a fair amount of variability.
Bob Ramsey – FBR & Co.: Okay. That's fair. The principal investment income, how should we think about that line?
Don Kimble:  Historically we've said that was a mid-teen type of number, but I'd say over the last four quarter, the average for that line item has been $22 million. Even though it was high this quarter, it was not that much higher than what we've been experienced over recent quarters.
Bob Ramsey – FBR & Co.:  Great. Then, the operating lease income line, I know you guys highlighted the $17 million termination gain this quarter. Is the right way to think about that line is take out that one-time gain and then that's in the ballpark or in the business is, assuming no further gains? I know you guys have had several recently.
Don Kimble:  Bob, on that line item we also had an additional $5 million negative adjustment to some lease residual values. So I don't think you'd want to pull out the entire $17 million based on that.
Bob Ramsey – FBR & Co.: Okay. That's good to know. Great. I think those are my questions, thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go the line of Nancy Bush with NAB Research. Please go ahead. 
Nancy Bush – NAB Research:  In your call, I've heard the competitive environment referenced more times than I have in some of the others. That's historically consistent with what we've seen in the Midwest in terms of competition. Would you just look back at the competitive environment in past cycles, is it better than, worse than, whatever, this time around?
Chris Gorman:  Nancy, it's Chris. Let me speak from a corporate banking side. I certainly think that what we're seeing right now is consistent with where we are in the cycle. I don't think from either a structure or a pricing perspective we're seeing a lot of aberrations. Specifically, as we go to market based on industry verticals, obviously, that spans geography and what we see is healthy competition. But as I mentioned, we find that with our targeted prospects and clients, we are able to garner new clients. We're able to win business, so we don't see it as particularly challenging vis-à-vis other cycles. The one thing I would say, and EJ Burke can probably comment more and Beth can comment more on this, I think as you get to smaller companies, I think the competitive dynamic is a little bit different.
Beth Mooney:  Nancy, I would just add that I think one thing that we've all talked about over the last year, and I know we've commented on our calls, that the competitive intensity in some way seems to intensify as you go down in size of asset and market company, because the field of competitors broadens out from community banks, regional banks, large banks, non-bank competitors. That is an area where we see, actually, a high competitive intensity. You mentioned the Midwest. I would tell you it's not geographic per se. I think it is a function of how many competitors are in a market and there's just a broader set for the middle market in small business lending.
Nancy Bush – NAB Research:  If I could ask a part B to that question, it would be in the area of deposit competition. We haven't seen so much of that in this cycle, but as rates go up, what you anticipate? Is Hassle-Free checking one of the products that you're preparing for that era, or is there a different reason for that?
Don Kimble:  Nancy, you're right as far as the deposits have not been as much of an issue, that most banks have a lower loan-to-deposit ratio today than what they historically have had. It probably hasn't been that bigger as a pricing. If you look at the last rate cycle of 2004 to 2006, the change in our deposit rates correlated about 55% of LIBOR. So, we did see a beta of about 55%. We would expect going forward it would probably be somewhere in that range. And there are probably other components that we would expect to see, including some migration from some of the non-interest-bearing deposits into interest-bearing and probably some deployment of some of the excess funds that are being parked on balance sheets. Generally, we wouldn't think that would be a significant impact to our overall deposit position. 
Beth Mooney:  Nancy, I would just add that our mix of deposits has changed dramatically and to the better over the last couple of years where we have really brought in core relationship deposits of both our commercial and consumer businesses. As Don mentioned, some of those companies are carrying higher levels of liquidity that they may draw down some as the rate cycle changes, but I think they will forever hold more liquidity than they did in the past. Indeed, Hassle-Free is yet another product to bring in core transactional relationship consumer accounts, which further solidifies the quality mix of our deposits.
Nancy Bush – NAB Research:  Thank you.
Operator:  And we’ll go to the line of Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous. Please go ahead. 
Geoffrey Elliott – Autonomous:  On the diluted share count, that's increased over the quarter despite the buyback. Could you explain what was happening there, please?
Don Kimble: Sure. We have a convertible preferred security on our balance sheet. Once we hit an EPS level of $0.27 a share, the accounting rules change from taking your net income less the dividends to average shares to actually reflect that preferred as being converted. So, it actually has about 20 million shares to our base. Then, you basically don't deduct the preferred dividend in your EPS calculation. No significant impact in overall EPS, but it does show a little bit different geography as far share count.
Geoffrey Elliott – Autonomous:  And the trigger is using that $0.27 of EPS?
Don Kimble:  That's correct.
Geoffrey Elliott – Autonomous:  Then just to follow up, there was the discontinued operations, the charge there, and then there was, I think, $6 million negative that dropped out in non controlling interest. On both of those could you explain what was happening in a bit more detail?
Don Kimble:  As far as the discontinued operations that this quarter we reassessed the valuation of the student loan securitization assets that we have on our balance sheet. What we essentially had as of the end of the first quarter was a net asset value of about $86 million. With more recent information that we have seen as far as valuations on recent transactions, especially in the private student loan category, resulted in us taking an adjustment to that valuation. That's what you've seen come through the discontinued operations line item this quarter. As far as the non-controlling interest that there really wasn't anything of significance in that $6 million adjustment.
Geoffrey Elliott – Autonomous:  So, not something you've seen in the last few quarters but nothing in particular you can call out?
Don Kimble:  Nothing that would be worthy of calling out or saying that would be an expectation of continuing going forward, just a minor adjustments.
Geoffrey Elliott – Autonomous:  Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We’ll go to the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo – CLSA Limited:  Hi. You said Pacific Crest had 12 month revenues of $80 million, so that would, base on the second quarter, boost your Investment banking capital market find by about 1/5th?
Don Kimble:  Well, it would show through in a couple categories. It would be in the Investment banking debt placement. It would also come through the asset management and brokerage services. So it would also come through that trust and investment services income, which includes the brokerage revenue.
Mike Mayo – CLSA Limited: Okay. Then, just to follow up before my main question, you said that the average credit rating that's coming in in new business is better than what you have on your books. I know you already had a question on that topic, but it just seems a little unusual. I mean, new loans are that much better? Can you quantify the amount that they're better based on your internal risk categories or some other quantitative factor?
Bill Hartmann:  Mike, this is Bill Hartmann. If you take a look at the fact that we have a portfolio that over the last several years has been improving in quality. And you can see the metrics that flow through from quarter-to-quarter on things like nonperforming loan statistics, criticize classified statistics and the rest, and you've seen the reduction in the net charge-offs, you're seeing that improvement in the base portfolio. The new business is based on our relationship strategy, and so we are out and bringing new business in that is one, with the better customers on our balance sheet already and we add additional business with those customers, or new customers to Key that are part of the targeted strategies that EJ and Chris have. So, that natural mix has been occurring. The difference, the delta between those two statistics has been narrowing. Obviously, the portfolio that we have has been improving, and so the impact of the high-quality new business is not as great as it was a year ago.
Chris Gorman:  Mike, just one other thing on the mix. For example, in our real estate book, if you look back three years we would have a whole lot of construction and less REIT exposure, and what we've done is it's been a direct shift away from construction to REITs, for example in real estate. That would be an example of the mix shift part of that strategy.
Mike Mayo – CLSA Limited: That's helpful and that's good in contrast to one other item I see in the slides. To tell you the truth, I thought it was a typo at first. You'll find that's my sarcastic way of saying, I cannot believe that your efficiency target is 60% to 65% 2 years to 3 years out. So that, if in 2017, you have a 65% expense-to-revenue ratio, that will be within the bounds that the Company is setting? I know we've talked about this a lot, Beth, but this is the first time I've seen a 2- to 3-year outlook with an efficiency range like that. One question is has the Board approved that efficiency target that high, that far out? This is just – look, you know I've covered this Company for 20 years, but that is just abnormally complacent. I just can't believe it, as I look at that now. I will say, I've talked to some people today and they've seen that also, and I just can't believe that target. Can you just help me out this, because you've done a very well for shareholders the past couple of years and as I asked a couple quarters ago, is this it? Have we seen the most aggressive gains? Your thoughts about that efficiency target?
Beth Mooney:  Yes, Mike, I will go ahead address that. We do have a slide in our deck that we have used at investor conferences and in this call trying to help frame the 2 year to 3 year path, which is how do we move within the range of 60% to 65%? It clearly shows that we are projecting that over the next several years we will come down to the low end of that range. Additionally, as Don has mentioned a couple of times, it does not include the benefit of interest rates. So, that it is merely based on our attempts to grow our Company, appropriately manage expenses, do those investments that we believe are accretive to our platform in our business mix while offsetting normal cost pressures. We see ourselves coming down to the low end, and if you overlaid the forward interest rate curve, not speculating one way or another, but just the forward curve, it would show us going into the high 50%s. We are very, as you know, we have talked about it, conscious of the things we need to do to both operate our business, grow our Company, as well as continue to become a more efficient and effective Company.
Mike Mayo – CLSA Limited: Just one follow up. Just remind us maybe the three most important priorities that should improve the efficiency ratio regardless of whether or not we are happy with the target or not?
Don Kimble:  Mike, this is Don. I would say the three biggest areas for us is continue to get more productivity, and so we need to get more from our existing resources including greater sales activity. We've seen some notable improvements in those areas already, and so were on a good path. I'd say continue to manage our expenses more efficiently. We're doing a lot of reviews of end-to-end type of process management and we think those will continue to have strong payback for us. As we've talked about before, Mike, I would say some of the categories of expenses that will reflect those benefits would include the personnel line item as well as occupancy. We continue to manage that down as well.
Mike Mayo – CLSA Limited: Okay. Did the Board approve that target being three years out?
Beth Mooney:  We always, when we do our reviews with the Board, do have a 2- to 3-year view of the business trends, so we have shared this with them in our strategic reviews.
Mike Mayo – CLSA Limited: Alright. Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. We’ll go to the line of Sameer Gokhale with Janney Capital. Please go ahead.
Sameer Gokhale – Janney Capital Markets:  I had a question about hold sizes on loans. I'm assuming those haven't changed, but if you could just confirm whether or not your hold sizes, particularly in your commercial loans, have increased? The other thing is, in addition to participating in Shared National Credits and in that program, are there any other type of balance sheet structures that you might contemplate using in order to go after bigger deal sizes and in offloading some of that loan exposure? If you could talk about that a little, that would be helpful? Thank you.
Bill Hartmann:  Sameer, hi, this is Bill Hartman. On the first topic of the hold sizes on the loans, we have – if you saw any change in the hold size, it would be related to the quality of the companies. As the credit quality has improved, we have a scale like most banks do that says that for the better rated clients, you can hold more than for the lower or worse rated clients. We've seen improvement in the quality of the borrowers in our portfolio. On average, you probably saw some increase in the hold sizes in the loans that are related to that. With regards to utilizing structures or trying to go into the market and acquire loans, just to build loans, that is actually inconsistent with the relationship strategy that we've been articulating for the last couple of years. We have a very disciplined approach to how and who we want to do business with. I know there are some banks out there that are looking at growing by just putting structures in place or dealing with other bank syndication desks, but that's not her strategy. That's inconsistent. What is our strategy, though, it enables us to play bigger than we are, is to have the capability to distribute. We lead 70% of the syndicated finance deals that we're involved with. We can distribute paper to the private markets, to the public markets, in our real estate business. We have a very large agency business Fannie, Freddie, FHA, which is HUD. We can go to the life companies. We can go to the CMBS market. That, Sameer, is how we go to the marketplace, keep our risk profile at a moderate risk profile, but be able to serve our clients.
Sameer Gokhale – Janney Capital Markets:  Okay. That's helpful detail. Then on a different note, one of the things I was just curious about is as you went through the CCAR process and initially were preparing for the CCAR, I was curious if you used external consultants to build your stress testing models and the like? The reason I asked this question is because it seems like some banks that may have gone through the CCAR for the first time may not have used external consultants. What I'm getting at is, it seems like, at least from what I understand, that maybe regulators actually favor the use of third parties because then they have more confidence in those stress testing models. I'm curious if you agree with that view? If you actually did use third-party consultants while building your stress testing models and just to give your perspective on this issue?
Bill Hartmann:  This is Bill Hartman. We did not use third parties to the build our models. We have a significant amount of modeling capability in-house, both on the building of the models and the validation of the models. Again, our history is a bit longer than some of the banks that are just coming into this now, so I think we've been at this between SCAMP and CCAR, now, about five years. Over that period of time we have, when it comes to building models and validating models, we have quite a bit of in-house capability.
Sameer Gokhale – Janney Capital Markets:  Okay, thank you. I just actually had a last question. You did talk about commercial loan growth and discussed at length, but I was just curious on slide 7, you talked about your commitments growing with the utilization relatively stable. It seems like a lot of banks have been talking about utilization actually increasing. So is that just the optics of utilization just because your commitments have grown so whether or not that utilization is stable, but on existing commitments are seeing increased draw downs on that. Is that the way to think about it?
Don Kimble:  I would say that, overall, our utilization rates are fairly stable, so it hasn't seen much movement as far as the overall aggregate utilization rate. We did see a slight pick up in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter, but relatively stability here in the second quarter.
Operator:  And we’ll now go to the next and final question, Jack Micenko with SIG. Please go ahead. 
Ming Zhao – SIG:  Hi. This is actually Ming on Jack's team. I just had a quick question. Going back to the Pac Crest acquisition for a second, some of their officers are in Boston, San Fran, New York, so places where Key doesn't have much of a presence. Does this acquisition actually change your thinking on your footprint? Or, are you thinking about switching that up a little bit? 
Chris Gorman: This is Chris. Actually it doesn't change our thinking with respect to footprint because within these businesses we've always gone to market through industry verticals as opposed to geography. As it so happens, we are in most of the cities that they are in, which gives us an opportunity to work together. Lastly, which I think is very fortuitous, Portland happens to be a very large base for Key. We like large bases because we think that teams of people learn from each other. And it just so happens they're headquartered in Portland and we think we can leverage that a bit, particularly through our Community bank.
Ming Zhao – SIG: Okay, great, Thanks. 
Operator:  We have no further questions in queue. I would now like to turn the call over to our speakers for closing remarks.
Beth Mooney:  Thank you, operator. We thank all of you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions you can direct them to our Investors Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks for this morning, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth E. Mooney - Chairman of The Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Council, Chairman of Executive Committee and Chairman of Enterprise Risk Management Committee Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer and Member of Executive Council Christopher Marrott Gorman - Vice Chairman of Keybank National Association and President of Key Corporate Bank William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Member of Enterprise Risk Management Committee and Member Executive Council
Analysts: Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to the KeyCorp's first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Joining me for today's presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer. And available for the Q&A portion of the call are Chris Gorman, President of our Corporate Bank; and Bill Hartman, our Chief Risk officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call today. Turning now to Slide 3. This was a good quarter for Key with solid financial results. We delivered on our commitments to generate positive operating leverage, to maintain strong risk management practices and to remain disciplined in the way we manage capital. Our positive operating leverage from the prior year reflects the work we have done to improve efficiency with initiatives targeted for both revenue and expense, and this becomes even more critical given the slow recovery and revenue headwinds that continue to impact our industry. Key's revenue in the first quarter was relatively stable with the prior year and down modestly from the prior quarter, reflecting normal seasonal trends and lower activity level. Revenue benefited from solid loan growth, which continued to outpace the industry. Loan growth was driven by our commercial, financial and agricultural loans, which were up $1.2 billion or 5% on annualized from the prior quarter. We have been pleased with the quality of our new loan originations, but we continue to see loan yields reflecting the competitive pricing environment. Noninterest income, benefited from areas where we have been investing, including credit card and payments and commercial mortgage servicing. We have also made significant progress on expenses, which were down $19 million or 3% from the prior year end -- prior year quarter and down $50 million or 7% from the fourth quarter. Our cash efficiency ratio was 65%, which was within our targeted range. We remain committed to further efficiency improvement, and Don will discuss our path forward in his remarks. Our strong risk management practices and a more favorable environment resulted in another quarter of positive credit quality trends. Net charge-offs declined to 15 basis points, aided by strong recoveries as well as our improving credit quality and we are well below our targeted range. Additionally, nonperforming assets declined 33% from the year ago period, and capital management remains a priority. We were pleased to receive a non-objection from the Federal Reserve on our 2014 capital plan. This will allow us to repurchase up to $542 million in common shares and subject to board approval, increase our quarterly common share dividend 18% to $0.065 per share. Using Street estimates, our total shareholder payout would be in the 84% range, among the highest in our peer group for the second consecutive year. Additionally, we completed our 2013 CCAR capital plan with common share repurchases of $141 million in the first quarter. I'm now turning to Slide 4. During the first quarter, we made a number of leadership changes to leverage our alignment, accelerate momentum and to drive growth. Last week, we announced that Dennis Devine and E.J. Burke will be co-Presidents of our Community Bank. Dennis will focus on retail banking and small business clients, and E.J. will be responsible for our commercial and business banking, as well as our Private Bank. Based on their experience and proven leadership, we feel they are perfect fit for these new roles. Since joining Key in 2012, Dennis has made significant progress in sharpening our consumer and small business strategy, while also realigning resources to sustainably improve productivity and performance. His new leadership role in the Community Bank reflects the importance of consumer and small business banking to the overall success of Key and our intent to drive this business forward. E.J. is a 14-year veteran of Key. His strong leadership, successful transformation of our real estate business and other broad accomplishments in the Corporate Bank will help drive our Commercial Business and Private Banking segments, while further deepening the collaboration of these Community Bank areas with our corporate bank, an important component of our unique business model. Both Dennis and E.J. will join our executive leadership team and report directly to me. We also made a change in our Commercial Payments business. Moving Clark Khayat, who is our former Head of Strategy in Corporate Development to lead this critical area. Clark and his team will be focused on growing this business and maximizing the return from our recent investment, which includes the launch of purchase and prepaid cards earlier this year. In addition to the new payment products, we have continued to invest in and build out our online and mobile capability. This past quarter, we expanded our online account opening tool to include more products and services and our user base is growing. Downloads of our mobile application have increased over 70% from the prior year and online penetration continues to increase. We also made progress on other strategic initiatives, including improving sales productivity and strengthening our business mix through targeted investments, as well as exiting businesses that are not a strategic fit. In the Community Bank, we are strengthening our sales management process and has seen a lift in our sales productivity, which will remain a major focus for Dennis and E.J. In the corporate bank, we continue to see growth in new and expanded client relationships. In the first quarter, we also announced that we would be exiting our international leasing operation, which had limited scale and connectivity to our other businesses. This is consistent with our commitment to allocate our capital to businesses that fit our strategy and generate appropriate risk-adjusted returns. I'm very excited about all the changes we made in the quarter. They accelerate our momentum and enhance our efficiency. And overall, it was a good start to the year in terms of both financial results and our strategic initiatives, as well as the leadership changes we announced. Despite the environmental challenges, we have good momentum, and I'm confident we will continue to improve our performance. Now, I'll turn it over to Don, who will comment on our first quarter results. Don?
Donald R. Kimble: Thanks, Beth. Slide 6 provides highlights from the company's first quarter 2014 results. This morning, we reported net income from continuing operations of $0.26 per common share for the first quarter. This compared to $0.26 for the fourth quarter of last year and $0.21 from the prior first quarter. I'll cover many of these results in my remarks, so let's now turn to Slide 7. Loan growth has remained a positive story for Key, reflecting our distinctive business model and more target approach, growth has, again, exceeded industry averages. Average total loans for the first quarter were up $1.1 billion or an annualized 9% compared to fourth quarter of 2013, and up $2.1 billion or 4% compared to a year ago quarter. Our growth was driven primarily by commercial, financial and agricultural loans across Key's business lending segments. Average commercial, financial and agricultural loans were up $1.2 billion or 5% on annualized and from the fourth quarter of 2013, and up $2.0 billion or 9% compared to the prior year. Period-end loans grew by 2% from the prior quarter. And in the first quarter, total commitments were up, and we saw a slight uptick in utilization rates. Our outlook for loan growth in 2014 remains consistent with our prior guidance of mid single-digit full year growth driven by CF&A. A change in the pace of the economic recovery could impact client demand and loan growth relative to our current expectations. Continuing to Slide 8. On the liability side of the balance sheet, average deposits were up $2.7 billion from 1 year ago and down $2.1 billion from the fourth quarter. Deposit growth of $2.7 billion from prior year was largely driven by higher balances from Commercial and Public clients, as well as increases related to the commercial mortgage servicing acquisition. Compared to the prior quarter, deposits were down primarily due to expected reduction in the commercial mortgage servicing escrow balances from elevated levels in the fourth quarter, related to our mortgage servicing acquisition. And as a result of a continued focus on improving deposit mix, year-over-year, interest-bearing liability costs declined from 70 to 54 basis points. Turning to Slide 9. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $569 million for the first quarter compared to $589 million in both the fourth and first quarters of 2013. Our net interest margin was 3.00%, which was down 1 basis point from the prior quarter. The decline in net interest income and net interest margin was attributable to the impact of lower asset yields and loan fees, which were partially offset by the maturity of higher rate CDs and a more favorable mix of lower cost deposits. For the full year of 2014, we expect net interest income to be relatively stable with the reported levels in 2013, with the potential for downward pressure due to the competitive environment. We continue to expect to maintain modest asset sensitivity. As we have highlighted before, we have the flexibility to manage and quickly adjust our rate-risk position, and the duration and characteristics of Key's loan and investment portfolio's continued to position us to realize more benefit from a rise in the shorter end of the yield curve. Slide 10 shows a summary of our noninterest income, which accounts for approximately 43% of our total revenue. Noninterest income in the first quarter was $435 million, up 2% or $10 million from the first quarter of last year and down 4% or $18 million from the fourth quarter. The year-over-year increase was due to higher investment banking and debt placement fees, principal investing gains and the benefit from our recent investments in payments and commercial mortgage servicing. The increase was partially offset by lower fixed income sales and trading income and the impact on deposit service charges from the change in posting order for client transactions, which began in November of last year. The decline from the fourth quarter was related to lower commercial mortgage service -- special servicing fees, as well as the normal seasonal decline in corporate-owned life insurance. We also had a full quarter impact to the change in the client-transaction posting order combined with normal seasonal trends. Special servicing fees, which are generated in the commercial real estate workouts are included in our mortgage servicing fees line item. They are episodic and can vary materially from quarter-to-quarter. Turning to Slide 11. Noninterest expense in the first quarter was $662 million, including $10 million in charges related to our efficiency and improvement efforts. Expenses were down $19 million or 3% from the prior year and $50 million or 7% from the fourth quarter. Expenses this quarter reflect benefits from our efficiency initiative, as well as normal seasonality in areas such as marketing. We also have lower expenses related to incentives and occupancy. Looking ahead, our typical second quarter includes annual merit increases, an increase in marketing related to our spring home equity advertising campaign and potentially higher incentives tied to production. In total, we would expect expenses to be approximately $20 million higher in the second quarter. Expense management remains a critical part of our drive to maintain positive operating leverage. As Beth commented earlier, we are at the upper end of our targeted cash efficiency ratio range of 60% to 65%. On the next 2 slides, I'll cover our expense and efficiency ratio outlook. Moving to Slide 12. We revised our full year outlook to reflect the improvement in our expense levels in the first quarter. Our expectation is the full year 2014 expenses will be down in the low to mid single-digit range from the last year. We expect to continue to generate cost savings through our continuous improvement process, which will enable us to make investments and offset normal expense growth. Should the operating environment become more challenging, we are prepared to take additional action through further reduction in expense, as well as the timing of investments in order to continue to drive positive operating leverage. This brings me to the next slide. On Slide 13 is our path to achieve the lower end of our cash efficiency ratio target of 60% to 65%. We expect to realize further improvement from business growth, both organic and through strategic investments, as well as additional reductions in our expense levels. We will continue to seek opportunities to both enhance revenue and reduce cost. Importantly, this assumes no benefit from higher interest rates. If rates move in line with the forward curve, we would expect this to move our efficiency ratio below our target range. Longer term, we remain committed to making progress toward our amount lower or below our current targeted range. For more detail on our action plan by line of business to drive productivity and efficiency improvements, I would point you to Slide 19 in the Appendix in today's presentation. Turning to Slide 14. Our net charge-offs declined to $20 million or 15 basis points of average total loans in the first quarter, which continues to be below our targeted range. In the first quarter, net charge-offs benefit from total recoveries, which were up 28% or $8 million from the prior quarter. Additionally, gross charge-offs were down 14% or $9 million. Due to a strong recoveries in the quarter, commercial loan recoveries actually exceeded gross charge-offs by $8 million. The breakdown of asset quality by loan portfolio is shown on Slide 22 in the Appendix. At March 31, 2014, our reserve for loan losses represented 1.50% of period-end loans and 186% coverage of our nonperforming loans. We expect net charge-offs to remain below our targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points for the remainder of the year, and for our loan loss provision to approximate the level of net charge-offs. Turning to Slide 15. Our tangible common equity ratio, our estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio both remains strong at March 31 at 10.14% and 11.22%, respectively. As Beth mentioned, we completed our 2013 capital plan by repurchasing $141 million or 10.6 million common shares in the first quarter. We also received no objection from the Federal Reserve in March for our 2014 capital plan, which included a new common share repurchase program of up to $542 million to be executed over the next 4 quarters. The plan also included an 18% increase in our common share dividend to $0.065, which is subject to board approval. Importantly, our capital plans reflect our commitment to remaining discipline in managing our strong capital position. Our Tier 1 common ratio has remained above 11%, and we have paid out a peer-leading amount of capital to shareholders. Looking ahead, our 2014 estimated CCAR payout ratio is 84%, and as again, among the highest of our peers. Moving to Slide 16. This is a summary of our 2014 outlook and expectations and is consistent with my comments today. As I stated earlier, we expect average loans to continue to grow year-over-year in the mid single-digit range, and our net interest income remained relatively stable with our reported level in 2013. Revenue should benefit from the full year low single-digit growth and noninterest income compared to the prior year. Due to the progress made in the first quarter, we now anticipate expenses will be down low to mid single-digits on a full year basis. This guidance reflects the impact of the implemented expense savings, planned investments, as well as future costs associated with implementing additional cost savings initiatives. Credit quality should remain a good story with net charge-offs below our targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points for the remainder of the year. And finally, capital management will remain a priority, including increasing our dividend, as well as continuing to execute our share repurchase authorization. With that, I will close and turn call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from the line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank.
Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This Rob Placet for Matt's team. First question, as it relates to your net interest income guidance, I take it to imply that there should be growth off the 1Q level, I guess -- versus the 1Q level, how should we think about net interest income and also the net interest margin?
Donald R. Kimble: Great. As far as our guidance, you're right. It would have to include increases from the first quarter. First quarter is low seasonally because of the day count and that cost us about $8 million linked quarter from the previous fourth quarter results, and so we would see a pickup there. We do expect strong loan growth to continue. We've talked about mid single-digit kind of growth going forward. And our guidance would assume with that loan growth and with the same levels of liquidity going forward, that margin would be relatively stable for the rest of the year. So those are all critical parts of the assumptions in order to get the guidance we're providing.
Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then second question, similar question for fee income. The guidance implies some growth off the 1Q level. So I guess, what are your thoughts on which categories will drive growth through the rest of the year?
Donald R. Kimble: Again, we would expect to see seasonal changes for a lot of the areas including the stronger activity levels. The first quarter activity levels were down in many critical areas, including service charge income and credit card and debit card activities. So we would expect to see some pickup there. But we're also seeing some very strong pipelines in our investment banking and debt placement fees. Chris, would you want to add any color to that.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, Don. This is Chris. So we feel pretty good about our backlogs in investment banking and debt placement fees. The other thing that's interesting about our backlogs is it's more heavily skewed right now to M&A. And with M&A, there tends to be a multiplier effect because often, we're involved in other activities in addition to just providing advisory. So we look for that number to continue to have some forward momentum. The other area that we're very optimistic about and it's very early days, is our payments, our enterprise commercial payments. We launched both our purchase card and our prepaid card just in the first quarter of this year. And with respect to our purchase card, we are ahead of our targets in terms of client capture. And with respect to prepaid, we've been pleasantly surprised at the amount of activity out there for significant pieces of business. Now I would warn you that those significant pieces of business are complex, they take a long time, there's a long sales cycle. But we feel good about both the backlog with respect to investment banking and debt placement fees, and our backlog with respect to enterprise commercial payments.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian from Bank of America.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is a follow-up to a comment that you made, Don, during the prepared remarks. You mentioned that if rates moved up as implied by the forward curve, then the efficiency ratio could be below 60% to 65%. And I just wanted to make sure I understood that correctly. So if we saw a steepening in the yield curve but the short end is still anchored at where it is, that's enough to break the 60% level?
Donald R. Kimble: Erika, the forward curve through 2016, which shows some movement up of the lower end of the curve as well. And so that was the baseline for that assumption, that actually our net interest income would increase between a flat rate environment, and the forward curve by about $200 million in 2016 from that type of difference in the rate environment. And that would reduce our efficiency ratio by about 3 percentage points.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And just on the guidance to -- on NII flat to 2013. Does that include any movements to continue to build liquidity with regard to the LCR? And I guess a better question to ask is where are you on the LCR, and how should we think about earning asset growth as it relates to the loan growth guidance that you gave?
Donald R. Kimble: Great question. And as far as our LCR that we have already started to take some actions, as you might imagine, given our size of our investment portfolio, that we have a very strong liquidity position. But we have been shifting that a little bit more to Ginnie Mae Security. So as of the end of the first quarter, we had 27% of our portfolio in Ginnie Mae's and that was up significantly from where it has been historically. Through the end of the year, we would see continued payments coming off the investment portfolio being reinvested in Ginnie Mae's, and we should have a little more than 1/3 of our total portfolio in that Level 1 type of liquidity asset by the end of the year. If we hit that and also if we see some changes as it relates to the municipal deposit rules that are currently in the current draft, we should be in good shape for the LCR and should not have to change our overall balance sheet.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Steven Alexopoulos from JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On the expense guidance line, which was 12, at the low end of the expense savings range of 4% to 6%, then the high end of the operating investment range are just 3% to 5%. Expense levels really wouldn't improve. I'm just curious, is there at least a minimum level of expense reduction you're committed to for 2014?
Donald R. Kimble: Well, what we are committed to is driving positive operating leverage. And with this current environment we have for lower revenue growth, and we're pulling a little harder on the expense side. So I don't know if there is any absolute minimum or maximum there. But I think that the path that we showed in the first quarter is probably consistent with what we'll have to focus on throughout the rest of the year, unless we see things change dramatically.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And maybe just a follow-up, Comerica also had good commercial loan growth in the first quarter. But for them, it was primarily shared national credits. Could you break out for us how much NIX contributed to 1Q loan growth?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So Steve, it's Chris. Let me kind of start by kind of giving a broad overview. Of all the capital we raised, only 15% actually goes on our balance sheet. And of the deals that we're involved with, in 70% of the instances, we're the lead. I don't have the exact number in front of me, but I think you should assume whether it's leverage, NIX deals or anything else, that the 70% percentage would hold.
Beth E. Mooney: And with that, Steve, I would just underscore that, I think, it is important to note we have talked in the past that we do clients, we are the originator, they are our relationships. And we do not have a desk that buys paper or participates unless it is a relationship of ours.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy from RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Beth, you've done a very good job since you've come on board in meeting your targets for a success, especially in the expense side. And the question is your target for the cash efficiency ratio of 60% to 65%, we just heard Don say that in a rising rate environment, you could get down closer to 60%. But when you look at some of your competitors, whether it's BB&T or PNC, these companies are all getting into the 50s. There are some that are already there, like U.S. Bancorp and M&T. Do you -- is there a possibility or probability that you're going to take a look at this ratio and actually lower target as we go forward? Or is it just your infrastructure keeps it, so you can't really get below 60%?
Beth E. Mooney: Gerard, thank you. That is a good question and let me compare and contrast what I think is some of important differences. As we closed out last year of 2013, the average efficiency ratio for our peer group was 65%. So some piece of what Key has successfully done is close the gap to the peer group through the successful completion of our Fit for Growth initiative. So as we start this year, we are now in line with competitors. And in that average, obviously, there are different business models. And I think that's something that's worthy of just a little discussion because some of the competitors there that you would outline have larger payments in credit card businesses or potentially some high-yielding consumer businesses. Our strategy as we have outlined it, is to be largely a commercial bank with distinctive corporate bank capabilities. And as you've watched our growth, it's been a commercial lending, investment banking and debt placement fees. Those are a different business mix in this different business model. They carry a higher efficiency rate. And if you look at our loan mix, again, heavily skewed towards commercial lending, which is highly variable, again, that would have a different revenue component than high-yielding consumer asset. So some piece of as you look across a peer group, I think you have to look at business model, business mix and where the growth is and what the company strategy is. So I think it's important that we did close the GAAP to our peers, our Fit for Growth and the efforts we've undertaken. I think it's important to note, we say it is a journey and we are committed to further progress within our range. And whether, let's just say, that anything we can do to accelerate or enhance our performance, we will do. And then I think it is inherent that a 65% average for the industry, this revenue environment of low interest rate is clearly pressuring the efficiency and productivity of our industry in general. So I would tell you that I think I'm pleased with our progress, but never satisfied. And that we will continue to show progress in the range and interest rates of a modest amount, as Don outlined in his answer, will give us the benefit to get into the '50s.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Speaking of peer groups, you guys are a leader when it comes to credit. Obviously, credit improvement has been very, very good and then your capital levels are very strong. As you identified, you're at the -- one of the top of the list in returning capital to shareholders. The question is, you have so much excess capital, maybe it's debatable on how much, but I think most people would suggest you have excess capital. When do you think you'll be comfortable going to the Fed during the CCAR process asking for more than 100% of earnings to give back to shareholders so that the capital ratios don't continue to grow? Granted, I know the primary goal is to grow the balance sheet, but it -- the growth isn't fast enough yet for the industry. So when do you think -- or what do you need to see that you're comfortable saying, "Okay, we can go for over 100%?"
Beth E. Mooney: Gerard, this is Beth, again. One of the things I think is important that we had built a consistent track record with our shareholders about how they can, within the CCAR process, which as you know governs capital that Key has been a consistent as well as a peer leading returner of capital. We have always talked about our capital levels as a strength over time because how we invest, how we return and how we deploy that capital will be important to shareholder-value creation. So we are the highest of our -- in our ability to return capital for the second year in a row with increase in share repurchases and common dividends. But it is, ultimately, a regulatory-driven process. So at the end of the day, we will continue to be thoughtful about how we approach that. And if you gauge us against our bank peers, I think we fared well in this year's process, and it is important to us that we continue to give that track record and consistency of capital management as part of our business plan.
Operator: Next question comes from Jennifer Demba from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just wondering if you could give us some more details about the composition of your C&I growth this quarter is very strong, and how much of it may have been participation versus indication?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Jennifer, it's Chris. Let me first start by saying, it was broad-based. So really, we have sort of 3 legs to the stool. One is our KeyBanc Capital Markets platform that goes to market based on industry verticals. And some of the industry verticals where we had a lot of growth there would be areas like industrial, areas like energy. We also had nice growth in our real estate business, and our real estate business is really focused on 2 principal areas. One are what we call owners of real estate, which is principally multifamily and also mid-cap reach, both public and private. We had nice growth there. And then our leasing business, which is really a kind of a specialty business in that they focus a lot on technology, a lot on medical equipment. They, too, had nice growth. So again, we've got -- we have these niches where we're very focused, very thoughtful about how we're going to the market, and we enjoyed broad-based growth. With respect to what is purchased paper, what were the lead on, one of the things we really like about our model is -- and I -- as I just mentioned, we lead 70% of the deals that we're involved with. So in those instances, we are syndicating those deals. We are a net seller of those. And of course, our broad model, only 15% of what we raise actually goes on the balance sheet. So these are -- it's a very focused area in terms of figuring out where we can be relevant. Just as an aside, we had our strategic drill down with our real estate team just 48 hours ago. And in our strategic drill downs, the teams come in and the RMs walk through each of their top 5 prospects. And what we're finding is in spite of the fact that there's competition out there, because of our differentiated model in real estate and in our other areas, we're able to continue to capture clients. And in the first quarter, we captured 119 new clients. So that's really how the model is built. It continues to work. We also got a little bit of a benefit. I think Don mentioned that we had a slight uptick, company-wide, in utilization. In the corporate bank, I would say the utilization uptick was even a little bit more than slight. And the other thing we're benefiting from is just we're constantly reallocating capital, and that's a process that began, really, in 2010. But as we sit here in 2014, we have a lot fewer relationships that we're actually exiting. So if you look at the confluence of all those things, that's a pretty good foundation for C&I growth.
Beth E. Mooney: And Jennifer, this is Beth. I would just add another thing that, I think, is interesting as I look at it across the company, that a lot of the growth is concentrated as you go up in size of the company. And as you see the upper end of the middle market perform, they are more likely to be incurring leverage to acquire companies, because we see a trend towards people looking more to growth through strategic acquisition than organic investment. We've seen some sign of borrowings to do share repurchase, that companies think their own currency is a good investment. And at the smaller end of the market, while we see growth, it is not as strong as it is among our upper-end mill market and corporate clients.
Donald R. Kimble: That's exactly right, Beth. And the other thing we're seeing is you wouldn't expect this, but there is -- the competition is more intense with the smaller companies. So what we're doing is, really, focusing, throughout Key, on some of the larger ones.
Operator: Next question is from Bob Ramsey, FBR Capital Markets.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I was just curious. I know you all said that your net interest income guidance incorporates a relatively stable margin from where we are today. And of course, this quarter, without the benefit of the mix shift out of shorter-term liquid assets and the loans, your margin would have contracted, I don't know, 6 or 7 basis points. I'm just curious, what gives you confidence that it will be stable from here, particularly as you do shift a little bit into LCR assets through the year?
Donald R. Kimble: Good question. And the couple of things that happened this past quarter that we wouldn't expect to have continued drag going forward: one, is that we had an adjustment to offset some of that liquidity because of the issuance of our long-term debt, and it's added about $1 billion on an average basis from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, and that reflected the issuances we did, including parent company, to position us for our CCAR plans; second was that in the first quarter, our loan fees were a lot lower than what we would've expected, that -- and it was a little over $5 million weaker than first quarter of last year. And that had additional pressure on the margin and we would expect that while there still may be some challenge there, we wouldn't see the incremental drop-off there that we did this past quarter.
Beth E. Mooney: And Bob, the one thing I would add that we always watch, because I think we saw an example of it in the fourth quarter, is levels of liquidity that cannot necessarily be anticipated, is what I'd call always the wildcard of pressure. And in the fourth quarter, it was specifically some of the flows from our commercial mortgage servicing business, which has been a nice source of income for us, as well as stable deposits. But as some of those CMBS portfolios unwind at different times, you can get liquidity flows that could pressure margins. So liquidity is always something that's hard to predict that we will always identify if that's an issue in any quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: We saw some pretty big swings, obviously related to escrow accounts. Just how should we think about that going forward? And was there some seasonality in there? Or how should we sort of think about those balances going forward?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So Ken, it's Chris. That was actually part of the BofA portfolio that we purchased and we completely anticipated that. And what happened is there were some planned payoffs and when they're of large CMBS loans, and what happens is the escrow flows through, both principal and a bunch of other payments. So there were about $18 billion that flowed through in and out in a short period of time in the fourth quarter. That will -- it probably will not be to that extent going forward, but it is a lumpy business and you will have flows, escrow flows through it. As we think about that business, we think about the stable servicing business, having about doubled from pre BofA portfolio acquisition it used to run about $7 million per quarter. Now we think it will run about $15 million per quarter. But there will be, from time to time, large escrow swings. By the way, the core deposit base actually increased both in the quarter and year-over-year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from line of Keith Murray from ISI.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Speaking about your ROA target, the 1% to 1.25%, you're kind of in the middle of that range now, only about 12 bps from the high end. We think about the efficiency improvements you have out there, the loan growth outlook. I know credit, obviously, is performing better than normal. But do you think, at a certain point in time, the franchise might be able to do above that 1.25%? And is that a target you might want to revisit?
Donald R. Kimble: That will be a target we, hopefully, will be revisiting at some point in time. But to your point that with the efficiency improvements, with expansion of the margin as rates would go up, that, we think, there would be opportunity to reassess. But I think you hit on the right variables now, which is that us offsetting some of those headwinds, really, is coming from our credit cost being so low that with provision expense of $6 million and charge up to $20 million, well, we'd like to say that's our new normal. I don't think that's something that we can count on a long term.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. And then just curious on the tax rate. It came up a little bit this quarter. What should we think about this in going forward?
Donald R. Kimble: It did, and we have stated that we think our tax rate will be between the 26% and 28%. And we were toward the higher end of that this past quarter.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So that range still holds. Okay.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, please.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then just finally, Beth, you've talked about improving asset productivity. People in our types of seats, we don't get to see all the internal things. What type of metrics should we be looking at over time? Should we look at things like PPNR per employee? Just give some guidance on what you think is something to note.
Beth E. Mooney: Keith, I'll take some thoughts on that, and then I will ask Don if he has any additional comments. One is, obviously, a high-lying metric that you should watch is the level of growth, because one of the things we've talked about in terms of asset efficiency is the mix between loans and investments on our balance sheet in becoming a more productive balance sheet. And then as we look at it, it should be against our targeted client segments, which we've identified: our strength in commercial lending; corporate banking; as well as we have now entered some consumer products with the successful conversion of credit card, although that also, really, is an attractive fee income base for us with the transactional capabilities in there. And then we are looking at new clients, as well as expanded clients, and making sure that as we do lend into these clients that we are getting good cross-sell and appropriate returns. And Don, what else would you add to that?
Donald R. Kimble: I think you've hit on an important point for us, and that's something that we need to see how we can address to provide a little bit more of a foreshadowing of those improvements in productivity that, I think -- when you mentioned PPNR to headcount and also revenue to headcount, I think those would be good variables. But it's something that we should look internally to see if there's other ways or measures that we can provide that will at least provide a little bit more insight.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Sameer Gokhale from Janney Capital.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I had a couple of questions here. The first one was just looking at your noninterest income, the chart on Page 10, with cards and payments, that at -- of about looks like 9% of the mix. And I think you had mentioned, you have some new management to run the business and to kind of grow it. So could you give me a sense for how much you expect that piece to increase as a percentage of the overall pie, say, over the next 12 to 24 months? It's relatively small now, but certainly, payment seems to be a big focus of interest -- area of interest. So just curious if you could give me a sense for the growth expectations as a mix percentage relative to the overall noninterest income.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, that -- there's really 3 components that are included in that line item: one is debit card revenues, second is credit card fee revenues and third is more commercial payments revenues. And we are investing in each of those 3 areas and we would expect that growth to outpace the rest of the bank and expect that to be an area of outperformance for us. But keep in mind that these are not programs that we're designing to be national in footprint, especially for the credit card and ATM. It really is -- our debit card, it's more based to serve our retail customer base, and we feel there's a great opportunity to increase the penetration there, but not something that we're going to -- becoming a national player.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Understood. That's helpful. And then also, I think in the commentary, there was some reference to some complexity associated with the prepaid cards. I'm not sure I understood what that was referencing, if you wouldn't mind clarifying that?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, this is Chris. I just mentioned that the large prepaid opportunities are complex transactions. Sometimes they're with the issuers or government entities, and I mentioned that there's a long lead time.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I see, okay. And then just on a different note, I know you've talked a lot about expenses. One of the things I was curious about, I mean, you clearly laid out your expectations for charge-offs in your guidance. And I was curious about how we should think about the interplay between higher charge-offs or if you will, normalized charge-offs relative to workout-related costs. From an expense standpoint, it seems like the 2 are related, and if charge-offs normalize, then you should see an increase in those type of loan workout costs. How should we think about that? Or do you feel that incrementally as you get -- even if you get to that 40-basis-points number, there's not much of an incremental lift in those types of expenses?
William L. Hartmann: Yes, this is Bill Hartmann. I think, if you take a look at what is actually driving the level of net charge-offs that we have right now, and Don alluded to this when he discussed the level of recoveries and the gross charge-off level, we have benefited from some strong recoveries in the latest quarter. As the -- as those recoveries abate, the cost of actually running your workout organization declines, and we've had a fairly dramatic decline in the cost of our workout organization. So we think that by normalizing, it actually is a reduction in recoveries, as well as continued improvement in the gross charge-off levels.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: So another way of thinking about it is you don't expect any upward pressure from recovery-related expense -- workout-related cost going forward?
William L. Hartmann: No. In fact, probably the opposite continues.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo from CLSA.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: My question relates to Slide 13, and I'll ask my question by way of an analogy. If I played golf yesterday and shot 89 and I got a new driver, a new lessons and a new caddie, and then I promised to break 90 in 3 years, you would say that I'm sandbagging a little bit. And so what I see here is you guys shot 64.9% in the first quarter with your efficiency ratio. You're committed to growing revenues faster than expenses. And by 2017, you say you'll shoot under 65%. So is this target rigorous enough? And I wouldn't know -- I have a separate peer group here, we all have our peer groups, but I have peers at 60%. And I'd also point out, as you know I pointed out before, 2 decades ago -- and it's the 2-decade anniversary of KeyCorp as of March 1, the efficiency ratio was 58%. So Beth, under your -- as you as -- at the head, efficiencies improved, caps return improved, the share price has improved. You've outperformed peer, but it just seems like looking out over the next 2 to 3 years, this efficiency target doesn't go far enough.
Beth E. Mooney: Well, Mike, I appreciate it and we will take our golf lessons and invest in new golf clubs and wait for the weather to warm up, one thing that hasn't come up in our call. I would tell you that it is important that we felt it was a good thing for us to do to be responsive to the question to what sorts of things move us within the range. And at this point in time, we are not moving the range from 60% to 65% but we are showing the path to our ability to reduce within the range. It is also important to note that the business growth is net of investment because I think it is important, as you list the things that we have accomplished, it is because we are also investing in our franchise, that it's important that we grow this business in smart and appropriate ways. And then as I look at our revenue mix, we are -- about 60% of our income does come from our loan book, which is a highly variable loan book, not high-yielding consumer assets, as I mentioned earlier on Gerard's question. So some piece of it is embedded in our revenue component, that we will drive growth through our business activity. Interest rates will benefit our particular mix of business when the short end gets a little relief. And it is on us. And part of the reason we identified Fit for Growth to know that near term, in a pressured revenue environment, we must continue to work the expense side of the equation to create that progress without a benefit from interest rate. So what we're trying to show is we are committed to a path to the low end of the range without any external help from the environment, and we will consistently improve. And as I said earlier, we will be disciplined but constructively impatient as well.
Donald R. Kimble: The one thing I'd add there, Mike, as well is that, as Beth highlighted, it's taken us down to the lower end of 60% range, with interest rates we'll be in the 50s. Keep in mind, too, that back in 1994, Key had a margin of over 4%, and we're right at 3% now. And that won't improve without interest rates going up. And so that does impact that efficiency ratio as well, in addition to the additional -- the costs we're incurring associated with regulatory burdens today compared to 1994.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Well, just a follow-up, as you say some of that margin might not come back since you're more commercial-oriented today, I guess what I'm looking for is some recognition that the efficiency is somehow related to structural issues, especially after 2 decades. I mean, it would be nice to see ROE or at least ROA by state. Maybe we have ROA by state somewhere and I couldn't find it, or maybe you could disclose that. It just seems to me, out of all your states, there might be a few that you could consider for divesting. Any thought process about more structural changes at KeyCorp?
Beth E. Mooney: Mike, this is Beth. Some piece of the discussion around our geographic footprint is against the broader business model where we are really also focused heavily on our commercial clients and the ability to integrate our corporate bank. So while our geographic presence and physical branches are across the states, in every market we also have additional business banking, commercial, private banking and corporate banking opportunities. So the mix of our revenue is very fulsome in our various geographies. And in a digital image-enabled world, the cost of maintaining a branch network is not a driver of our structural inefficiency. So I think, as I look at, the priorities I would set against our geographies is to drive more revenue from those physical presence, and they are profitable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush, NAB Research, LLC.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: I'm going to ask the opposite question from Mike. You've certainly done a great deal with the company, Beth. I think we're happy to see that loan growth is finally starting to ramp up. As one questioner said, you've got plenty of capital. So my question would be, do you finally have the leeway to grow in some of these markets where you don't have as much market share as you would like? And my add-on question will be, if so, what would those markets be?
Beth E. Mooney: Nancy, I think that's a great question because some piece of how we are looking at the future is the interplay of digital and mobile and how that will affect both the consumer business, but our relative positioning within markets. And I think some piece of what might be the paradigm going forward is that I don't think any of us, as you listen to myself and to my peers, who will tell you that we don't believe that market presence and branches are still a core and important part of our value proposition in how we go to market across our various geographies. But potentially, density is less important. Because as you think about it, there is a transformational change. So as part of what we are doing within our strategies is upping our investments in mobile, digital and mobile and digital advertising as well so that as we connect those experiences between the branch, online, mobile, digital that we have a value proposition that we think will also enhance our market growth over and above just investing in more physical stores. So I think that's an exciting opportunity, and that some of the old paradigms are shifting. And then I think the emphasis that we have placed on commercial, our middle market and business continuum of companies with sales of $25 million to $1.5 billion, those squarely sit in our geographies. And as we acquire and expand those relationships, we get private banking opportunities, we get incremental growth. So I think we are growing our markets with our go-to-market business model.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio from KBW.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: A lot of my primary questions have been asked, but Don, the net charge-off ratio guidance, I mean, it's -- of below 0 -- of 40 basis points to 60 basis points, I mean, you're so far below that right now, it's not even funny. So just kind of wondering if I could get your thoughts on the relationship between the provision expense and the net charge-off ratio as you see over the next several quarters?
Donald R. Kimble: Our guidance assumes that the charge-offs will equal provision. So that's our expectation going into it, but it will be adjusted based on changes in overall credit quality and outlook for losses inherent in the portfolio.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: But your provision expense was lower than the charge-offs this quarter, right? So is that something...
Donald R. Kimble: That's correct. You're right. It was. It was $14 million lower this quarter. You're right.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: And so going forward, it will start to match?
Donald R. Kimble: That will be our expectation, yes.
Operator: And our last question comes from Steve Scinicariello from UBS.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on something that I think is an important distinction that you're making between productivity improvement and efficiency improvement. I just wanted to kind of get a little color about that. Some of the things that you're doing to kind of drive productivity improvement, because a lot of times when you say efficiency, people just assume cost-cutting. But clearly, that with the progress that you guys are making, it's both revenue- and expense-driven. So just curious, just to hear a little bit more of the success that you're having, improving productivity, how you're doing it. And specifically, how are you improving, like the cross-sell in the corporate bank, which seems to be a real big driver of this?
Donald R. Kimble: Great. I'll go ahead and take a first crack at that and then I'll turn it over to Chris as far as the corporate bank. But as far as productivity, if Dennis Devine were here and answering this question as it's related to retail, he'd talk about the process that we put in place over a year ago as far as enhancing our overall sales management process in the retail channel. And we would acknowledge that our sales per person in that branch have been lower than where our peers have been. And we're taking steps to manage it with the expectations laid out on a weekly basis and measured on a daily basis to see how we can change that. And so we're seeing significant improvements in our productivity in our branches. And it's not about any type of rocket science. It's making sure we have very clear expectations and holding people accountable to those expectations. And we're seeing that progress. And so that's one area of productivity. Chris, you want to talk about the corporate bank?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, I'll be happy to, Don. So there's a few things we're focused on with respect to productivity. The first that we talk about a lot are new clients and expanded relationships, because we think we have a platform that we can leverage but we need to continue to add new clients and expand the relationships that we have, and we have very specific targets around those. We also spend a lot of time talking about the revenue per person. For example, right now on a trailing basis, the revenue per person in the corporate bank is $830,000. We've set some very specific goals around those as well. The other thing that we're thinking about in terms of productivity is to leverage some of the investments that we've already made. We talked earlier today about commercial payments. We really need to leverage that. Healthcare. With -- throughout Key, we have about a $7 billion health care portfolio and we have a company-wide effort to be very focused facilities-based health care on how we can deliver the whole platform. And then we've invested a lot of time. Beth alluded to the coordination and the collaboration between the corporate bank and the community bank, which is very important in how we can be distinctive going to market. So we spend a lot of time looking at that. And then the last 2 pieces are things we've talked about before in terms of generating productivity. One is strategic just kind of tuck-in type acquisitions. And I think the BofA third-party commercial loan servicing portfolio would be a great example of that. And lastly, and most importantly, is -- and it's one of the things that has an impact when you start comparing our efficiency ratio, is continuing to invest in people. Because we think our platform is under leveraged, we're out there hiring people that have -- they're senior people that have existing relationships. And there, admittedly, is a bit of a lag as you bring senior bankers onto the platform. But we've proven to ourselves that they can be extremely productive. So those are really the 4 prongs of the growth strategy.
Operator: And there are no questions in queue. I'll now turn it back over to Beth Mooney for final comments.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. And again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investors Relation team between Vern Patterson and Kelly Dillon at (216) 689-4221. Thank you, and that concludes our remarks for the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation, and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Mooney - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Don Kimble - Chief Financial Officer Chris Gorman - President, Key Corporate Bank Bill Koehler – President, Key Community Bank
Analysts: Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs Josh Levin - Citi Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Ron Placid - Deutsche Bank Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Mike Mayo - CLSA Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets Steve Scinicariello - UBS Alan Strauss - Schroders Gerard Cassidy - RBC Jennifer Demba - SunTrust Nancy Bush - NAB Research Terry McEvoy - Oppenheimer  Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Brian Foran - Autonomous
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the KeyCorp's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator, and good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Joining me for today's presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer, and available for the Q&A portion of the call are the leaders of Key Corporate Bank and Key Community Bank, Chris Gorman and Bill Koehler. Also, joining us for the Q&A discussion are our Chief Risk Officer, Bill Hartmann, and our Treasurer, Joe Vayda. On Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. Turning now to Slide 3, I'll start with some comments on the year and then turn it over to Don, who will discuss our quarterly results. 2013 was a good year for our company. We acquired and expanded relationships in our targeted client segments, invested in our businesses, improved efficiency and returned peer leading capital to our shareholders, and all of this was reflected in the performance of our stock last year. On the left-hand side of the slide are three focus areas that we identified at the beginning of the year, optimizing and growing revenue, improving efficiency, and effectively managing capital. We made meaningful progress in each of these areas. First, I'll begin with revenue. Despite the continued low interest rate environment and slow economic recovery, core revenue trends remained relatively stable in 2013. Excluding the gain from the redemption of our trust preferred securities in 2012, revenue was up 1% for the year. Importantly, we grew both, consumer and commercial loans. Total average balance is up 5% in 2013. The primary driver was commercial, financial and agricultural loans, which were up 12% for the year and continued to outpace the industry growth rate. Net interest income was up 3% from the prior year and we had positive momentum in a number of our fee-based businesses. One example is investment banking and debt placement fees, which grew for the fifth consecutive year. We also benefited from the investments we have been making in our businesses. For example, cards and payments income was up 20% from 2012, reflecting the successful acquisition of our [KeyBank] [ph] branded credit card portfolio and mortgage servicing revenue more than doubled from 2012, as we built scale from our acquisition of servicing portfolio and special servicing business. The second focus area was efficiency. In June of 2012, we committed to reduce annual expenses by $150 million $200 million by the first quarter of 2014. In the third quarter of last year, we reported that we had exceeded the high end of this range one quarter head of our original goal. Through the end of the year, we implemented $241 million in annualized savings. Our actions included reducing and realigning our staff, consolidating branch locations as we optimize our distribution channel. And in total, we consolidated 81 locations, or approximately 8% of our franchise since the launch of our efficiency initiative. And just as important the achievement of our cost savings, is the cultural change that have taken place within our company. Efficiency and positive operating leverage are becoming part of the fabric of Key. Leaders and employees throughout Key are focused every day on continuing to perform against these important objectives. We are committed to maintaining this type of discipline going forward without the need for named programs in the future. Finally, capital management. We remain disciplined in managing our peer-leading capital. Adhering to our capital priorities, we continue to invest organically, increase our dividend by 10% and repurchased $474 million in common shares during 2013. The result is a payout ratio 76% for the year which we believe places us among the top companies in our peer group while maintaining some of the strongest capital levels in the industry. Overall, it was a very meaningful year for Key, including the successful execution of a number of strategic imperatives. We continue to invest in our business to drive organic growth as well as adding commercial mortgage servicing, fully integrating our credit card and payment platform. We continue to sharpen our strategic focus by divesting parts of business that did not fit such as Victory Capital Management and we met the commitments we made through our efficiency initiative to reduce expenses and lower our efficiency ratio. I am proud of our team and I am proud of our performance. In of 2014, we will sustain our momentum and drive performance by continuing to focus on three priorities. The first is driving positive operating leverage by acquiring and expanding client relationships, investing in our businesses and continuing to improve efficiency and productivity. The next is maintaining a moderate risk profile and a balanced approach to risk and rewards, and the final priority is remaining disciplined in the way we manage capital and executing on our stated capital priorities. Now, I'll turn it over to Don who will comment on our fourth quarter results and outlook for 2014. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Beth. Slide 5 provides highlights for the company's fourth quarter 2013 results. This morning, we reported net income from continuing operations of $0.26 per common share for the fourth quarter. This compared to $0.25 for the third quarter of 2013. Our results include charges related to our previously announced efficiency initiative and pension settlement of $0.02 in the fourth quarter, compared to $0.03 for the third quarter. I'll cover many of these results in my remarks when I'll turn to Slide 6. Loan growth has remained a very positive story and reflects our distinctive business model and more targeted approach. Average total loans for the fourth quarter were up of $337 million or an annualized 3% compared to third quarter of 2013, and up $1.7 billion or 3% compared to year ago quarter. Our growth was driven primarily by commercial, financial and agricultural loans across Key's business segments. Much of the activity occurred towards the end of the quarter, resulting in larger increases in period end than average loan balances. In the fourth quarter, period end balances grew 2% from the prior quarter or 6% annualized, which outpaced the industry growth. In the fourth quarter total commitments were up while utilization was relatively stable. Our outlook for loan growth in 2014 remained consistent with our prior guidance of mid-single-digit, full year growth driven by CF&A. A change in the pace of the economic recovery could impact client demand and loan growth relative to our current expectations. Continuing to Slide 7, on the liability side of the balance sheet, average deposits excluding foreign branch balances were up $2.4 billion from the third quarter and up $4.7 billion from one year ago. Deposit growth from both, the prior quarter and the year ago quarter, was primarily due to the higher escrow balances, commercial mortgage servicing and continued client inflows, particularly in business and public sector clients. This growth in deposits resulted in similar increases in our short-term investment portfolio, which increased $2.8 billion in the quarter. This increased liquidity was the reason for the 10-basis point reduction in our net interest margin. Over the past year, our mix of deposits has significantly changed, the CD is declining and low-cost transaction accounts increasing 11%. As a result, year-over-year deposit cost declined from 31 basis points to 20 basis points. Turning to Slide 8, our taxable equivalent net interest income was $589 million for the fourth quarter, compared to $584 million for the third quarter and $607 million for the fourth quarter one year ago. Results in both, the fourth and third quarters of 2013, reflect the impact of the early termination of leverage leases. These transactions reduced net interest income by $8 million in the third quarter and by $3 million in the fourth quarter. For the fourth quarter, our net interest margin was 3.01%, which was down 10 basis points from the prior quarter. This was in line with the guidance we provided in December, which reflected higher levels of liquidity from escrow balances primarily related to the acquisition of the mortgage servicing business from Bank of America and Berkadia. The higher level of liquidity was reflected in the $2.8 billion increase in our short-term investments. This increase liquidity level reduced our net interest margin by 11 basis points. In 2014, we expect the net interest income to be relatively stable with reported level in 2013. We had also expected to maintain modest asset sensitivity. The use of interest rate swaps provides us with the flexibility to manage and quickly adjust our rate risk position. The duration and characteristics of Key's loan and investment portfolios continue to position us to realize more benefit from a rise in the shorter end of the yield curve. Slide 9 shows a summary of noninterest income accounts for approximately 43% of our total revenue. Noninterest income the fourth quarter was $453 million, down $6 million from the third quarter, but above the $439 million in the fourth quarter of last year. As I mentioned previously, we had leveraged lease terminations in both, the fourth and third quarters of 2013, which provided a benefit of $4 million in the fourth quarter and $23 million in the third quarter. Excluding the impact of leveraged leases, noninterest income would be up 3% from the prior quarter. As Beth highlighted, we are also benefiting from investments in many of our core businesses. For example, cards and payments income is up 5% compared with same period one year ago, up 20% full year compared to 2012. This is reflective of our focus on and our commitment to providing clients with the full suite of payment products. Turning to slide 10, our noninterest expense for the fourth quarter was $712 million, including $24 million in charges related to our efficiency initiative and pension settlement. Adjusted for the efficiency and pension settlement charges, expenses were down 4% from the prior year. This level was above our guidance for the quarter due to the higher than expected charges related to efficiency initiative as well as higher than expected technology cost, operational losses and expenses related the share price performance and our compensation plans. Importantly, we expect expense levels to come down meaningfully in the first quarter, reflecting the full run rate of our expense savings. During the quarter, we closed 16 more branches, reaching a total of 81 or approximately 8% of our franchise since the launch of our efficiency initiative. As Beth commented earlier, our efficiency initiative reached $241 million in annual expense savings. Going forward, the savings from our continuous improvement efforts will be embedded within our expense run rate and we believe will help drive our efficiency ratio lower. We've made a lot of progress, but there is still a lot more we can do to improve productivity. Turn to Slide 11, our net charge-offs declined to $37 million or 27 basis points of average total loans in the fourth quarter. This continues to be below our target range and is the lowest level since the first quarter of 2007. Total commercial loan net charge-offs this quarter remained low at 2 basis points of average loans and gross charge-offs improved by $12 million or 15% from the prior quarter. To breakdown the asset quality by loan portfolio is shown on Slide 17 in the appendix. At December 31, 2013, our reserves for loan losses represented 1.56% period end loans and 167% coverage of our nonperforming loans. We expect charge-offs to remain at or below the target range in 2014, and for loan provision to approximate the level of net charge-offs. Turning to Slide 12, our tangible common equity ratio and our estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio, both remained strong at December 31st at 9.8% and 11.23%, respectively. Our current estimates of Tier 1 common equity as calculated under the final rule was 10.6%, which exceeds the fully phased in minimum requirement. As Beth mentioned, we repurchased $474 million in common shares in 2013, including $99 million in the fourth quarter. We have approximately $90 million of net share repurchase authorization remaining under our 2013 capital plan, which run through March of this year. We submitted our or 2014 capital plans [reserve] earlier this month and plan on announcing our result in March following that reserve release of their analysis and findings. Moving onto Slide 13, this is a summary of our outlook and expectations for 2014, consistent with my comments today. As I stated earlier, we expect average loans to continue to grow year-over-year in the mid-single digit range and our net interest income from and remained relatively stable with our reported level in 2013. Revenue should also benefit from the full year of low single-digit growth in noninterest income compared to the prior year. We anticipate expenses will be down low single-digit on a full year basis. This guidance reflects the impact of implemented expense savings, planned investments as well as future costs associated with implementing additional cost savings initiatives. Credit quality should remain a good story with net charge-offs at or below the lower end of our targeted range of 40 basis points to 60 basis points. Our GAAP effective tax rate should be in the 26% to 20% range this year, excluding the impact of the additional lease terminations. Finally, capital management will remain a priority, including continuing to execute on our remaining share repurchase authorizations. With that, I'll close and turn the call back over to the operator for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Let's begin with Erika Najarian at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: My first question is clarity on the expense guidance for 2013. I was wondering whether or not the base under which we should take the single-digit decline would be the GAAP base or the adjusted base, excluding the efficiency charges?
Don Kimble: Guidance should reflect the actual reported expense base of $2.820 billion and we would expect to see a low single-digit kind of reduction from that level for the full year of 2014. Keep in mind though that guidance also does reflect the impact of investments as well as the other costs expenses to be incurred in connection with further expense reductions.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. My follow-up question is on the net interest income guidance. Could you give us a sense on where Key is positioned with the LCR proposals as you understand it? If you do need to continue to build liquidity from here, whether or not that's already fully embedded in your net interest income outlook for the year?
Don Kimble: Great. As far as the LCR as currently drafted, we haven't provided what our estimated calculations would be as there are a couple pieces of that proposal that do cause some challenges for us. One is the treatment of collateralized deposits which we [inaudible] as an unintended consequence of the current draft and also some of the handling associated with agency securities that once the rules are finalized and we believe that there should be some positive, hopefully, changes from those issues. We should be in good standing without any significant changes to the overall balance sheet.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Ryan Nash at Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs: Great. Good morning, guys.
Don Kimble: Hi, Ryan
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs: On the efficiency guidance of the 60 to 65, I used the midpoint of each piece of your guidance and I think it implies an adjusted efficiency ratio around 65%. I know, Beth, you talked about getting to the middle-end of that range without the higher rates. Is it fair to say that this can be achieved over the next four to six quarters or is this more likely to take a multi-year process?
Beth Mooney: I'll start with that answer and then I'll let Don add some color. As we go into 2014, I think everybody is continuing to see [inaudible] effective pressure in [loan] [ph] interest rate. As we look at it, we look to the growth in our balance sheet that we have seen in loan and deposits, we got some of the businesses where you have seen us invest in cards, mortgage servicing, so our goal is to clearly talk about positive operating leverage where our revenues will exceed our expense growth. And embedded in that is continued expense discipline and opportunities for further reductions and the opportunity to pace our investments, make sure that we are pairing them indeed with the revenue that we expect. It supports our strategy. I think the company definitely has the right focus, and I believe you will see progress within the range in 2014. With that, I let Don add his comments.
Don Kimble: I think you are absolutely right, Beth. We are very focused on driving positive operating leverage, and with that we do believe that will translate to improvements in our efficiency ratio and I wouldn't want to suggest that it could be at the same pace that we saw from the second quarter of '12. We were at 69% to the current quarter we are about 65%, but we do believe that it will be a measured improvement on a year-over-year basis.
Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Then just a follow-up question on your mid-single-digit loan growth guidance, a couple of pieces of the question. I think you highlighted CF&A as an area that you expect to see growth, but given the improvement we have seen in CRE and construction, what are your expectations for those portfolios? Can we see those picking up at an accelerating pace? Then just also related to overall loan growth you noted that there was an acceleration towards the end of the quarter. Is any of that seasonally you are seeing corporate is paying that down early in the year and just one last piece of the question. You noted that your economic outlook is muted. Can you just give us somewhat of an outlook in terms of what you are actually expecting for a broader macro picture?
Chris Gorman: Ryan, let me start. This is Chris Gorman. Let me start with the CRE question. Then, Beth, I'll ask you then to come back on our view on macro perspective. As it relates to CRE, Ryan, we do think we can continue to grow that portfolio. Our real estate business is an interesting one in that only about 15% of the capital we raised that we put on our balance sheet. Having said that, as we look at our jumping off point for '14, we had a lot of growth in the fourth quarter in CRE, so we have a very good jumping off point and the business has a fair amount of momentum. With that I would caveat it. We are watching certain multi-family markets very, very carefully and we are tightening our screens. Having said that, we believe we can continue to grow our CRE business and the pipeline looks strong. As it relates to kind of our macro view…
Beth Mooney: Yes. Ryan, I would just tell you that, clearly, our guidance is reflective of the momentum of our view of interest rates, our view of the economy as we go into 2014, but I think as you will see or kind of across the board as you look at the conference calls, banks as well as just the general tone in the market, 2014 is the year that is beginning with more economic strength and optimism than we have seen in past years, so the tone, the market performance of last year, the fact that there was the beginning of tapering in December, but we have a budget deal, we have always talked about our clients as being cautious or cautiously optimistic, but we have also said that our commercial, middle market and corporate clients are well-positioned. They are profitable, they have good balance sheet, and they are carrying high liquidity. We saw signs last year of consumer showing recovery, particularly as housing prices began to firm up, so could this play out to be an opportunity in 2014, I think is a big question that we will all be watching as the year goes on. If these things do indeed translate into greater confidence and business and consumers, will we see increased activity from what we are projecting. I would tell you that it is too soon to see if that would cause any changes. I think our guidance is solid. I think it reflects what we [inaudible] we can deliver, but I will also tell you that our business model is well-positioned should the economy improve, demand increase as the year unfolds, we feel very good about how we have positioned ourselves in the market.
Don Kimble: Ryan you had one of the sub-question there as far as the year-end growth and I would suggest that it was led by commercial real estate as Chris had alluded to and also equipment finance, so this wasn't some of the typical window-dressing you might see from some commercial borrowers at the end of the year. This was a core business that we believe will start as a good launching point for us in 2014.
Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs: Great, guys. Thank you for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Josh Levin at Citi.
Josh Levin - Citi: Good morning. You have closed some branches over the past year or so, and I was wondering what's the process you are using to evaluate potential future branch closings?
Bill Koehler: Josh, this is Bill Koehler here. It is the same process we used for the 81 others. We take a look at individual branch productivity as well as we call it branch of share, which is looking at the broader impact of the way all our clients, middle-market clients, business banking clients and consumers engage in that branch and the revenue that is derived from it. As we look at the footprint and the productivity of the branches we have, we do see opportunities as we move forward to continue to optimize our branch network. We do think we are at a position where we can optimize our network in what would be a more normal pace that you would typically see from any retail company and part of it is dependent on the pace at which we can generate more revenue from the investments in our digital channels. We feel good about some of the progress we are making there, but there is more work to be done.
Josh Levin - Citi: Okay. My second question is about capital. We don't yet know what your minimum regulatory capital requirements will be, but it's pretty clear that you have excess capital. How should investors think about that excess capital? Does it ultimately get distributed to shareholders, should we assume at some point not in 2014, but at some point your pet ratio exceeds 100% or is that excess capital now a permanent part of your capitalization?
Beth Mooney: Josh, I'll paint some color on our capital priorities and then I'll let Don add some of his thoughts. I think we have been pretty clear all along on our capital priorities and been consistent that - that to have a strong capital base that supports our ability to invest and grow our company organically that we are committed to our dividend, we are committed to share repurchase, and with that strong capital we feel like we have a competitive advantage to opportunistically grow our company, but that does indeed create future opportunities for us to continue to invest and grow. In terms of, as you said, there will some capital ratios left. We continue to participate obviously in the annual CCAR process, we believe we are well positioned as a company, strong foundation which to go into the CCAR process and are looking to build a very consistent track record with our shareholders for how we manage, invest and deploy our capital. At this point, I'll let Don talk about relative level of capital, but I think it's premature to indicate a capital level, because of our final investment.
Don Kimble: I agree. I think, Josh, as far as our capital levels, I think used to be dictated based on the results of stress test, prospectively than it will be on any type of reasonable buffer, but then even with that, we do believe that we have very strong levels of capital and more than what our business model would suggest we would need to have to maintain a very profitable strong balance sheet and we do have the current constraints as far as the capital planning process and I would not want to project when those rules or guidelines might change. I will tell you as I stated that our priorities are to support organic growth to continue to have a strong common dividend to return shareholders in a form of share buyback and to make it available for any other strategic opportunities, but we that we are going to be very prudent in how we manage our capital prospective.
Josh Levin - Citi: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Steven Alexopoulos at JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan: Good morning, everyone.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan: On the expenses, on last quarter's earnings call you guys guided to, I think expenses were $680 million to $700 million, including one-time items in the quarter. One-timers came out at, it was $2 million above the upper end of the $15 million to $20 million range, but total expenses are $12 million above the upper end of the range and that was only a few months ago. Can you walk us through what drove expenses coming in so much higher than the upper end of guidance?
Don Kimble: Sure, and I think you started some of the walk-forward there, Steven. Essentially, the one-time costs were $24 million which was the expense initiative and the pension settlement cost is $24 million, so that was roughly $4 million higher than our guidance. We also had expenses associated with operating loss, we also had some higher technology costs than were expected and we also had some increased costs associated with compensation plans that have a component tied to our share price and three of those areas cost us around $12 million, so if you would adjust for those areas that I think the core expense base for the current quarter is just shy of the $680 million range which would put us within that guidance range that we would have projected at the end of the third quarter.  We acknowledge that it was higher, we would suggest that the nature of those expenses that caused us to be higher would be more one-time in nature or non-recurring, which gives us some confidence in our expense guidance going into 2014.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan: Don, maybe I could follow-up on that guidance. I mean, the way I am looking at it basing it off of a base that includes one-time items doesn't give us really much transparency at all and Don how are you planning on managing expenses in the New Year, so you are looking at core expense levels, right? Which I think was $2.7 billion for the year or so. We know you need to make investments next year. Can you offset those and at least hold core expenses flat for the year?
Don Kimble: Well, our expense guidance was down low single-digits and we have defined low-single-digits as less than 5%, so if you take that $2.8 billion reported expense base and reduce it more in that range I think it would imply a fairly flat to maybe slightly down expenses from that core level you had cited, so we have committed to the $241 million in expense savings. That has been implemented. We would expect to see and realize the full benefit of that in the first quarter of 2014, prospectively. Our guidance does include the additional investments we are planning on making along with an estimate of what we think will be one-time costs associated with further expense reductions that we have planned going into 2014.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan: Great. I appreciate the follow-up color. Thanks.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matt O'Connor at Deutsche Bank.
Ron Placid - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. This is Ron Placid from Matt's team. How are you guys doing?
Don Kimble: Good.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Ron Placid - Deutsche Bank: First question. As it relates to your fee income guidance of low single-digit growth versus 2013, I guess first what categories you expect to drive growth in 2014 and will it be a continuation of what you've seen in 2013? Then secondly if we look at the implied full year 2014 fee income number, just comparing that to the 4Q annualized level. How should we think about kind of growth versus the 4Q, annualized level in fee income…
Don Kimble: Yes. As far as the guidance for 2014, a couple of areas that we think will be strong contributors to us in the 2014 results for fee income growth. One is, investment banking and debt placement fee. We are expecting that to outpace the rest of the fee income categories. The second would be in cards and payments-related income. We have made some investments there and we really launched our proprietary card here in late third, early fourth quarter and so we are expecting to see lots of benefit from those two areas. If you take a look at the fourth quarter of $453 million, there are some items in there that are more seasonal in nature, including our corporate-owned life insurance income. We tend to have a pick up in the fourth quarter there and some of the other categories will show some normal seasonal trends too. For instance, in the first quarter with the day count being two days smaller or less, but it does create some pressure on some of the fee income categories in the first quarter compared to the full year run rate.
Ron Placid - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. Then, just as it relates to your net interest income guidance for 2014, of flat year-over-year, I guess, what does this imply for the net interest margin and can you just talk about kind of the trajectory of the NIM as we go through 2014? Then may be your ability to deploy some of the liquidity build you have seen in..
Don Kimble: Good question. I would have suggested that we would have seen more utilization of our excess liquidity earlier in the year throughout 2013, and we continue to see it build, but our guidance is on net interest income and not necessarily on the margin because of that. Because, we would expect to see higher levels of liquidity continuing into the first part of 2013, which would imply initially maintaining a margin that's really close to the current level, because those excess liquidity levels would continue. On a normal basis throughout 2014, we would expect to see the lower rate environment still have a one to two-basis point negative impact on a linked quarter basis and that will put pressure on the margin that will be offset by some of the benefit from utilization of that excess liquidity throughout the year.
Ron Placid - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good morning.
Don Kimble: Good morning.
Beth Mooney: Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: First, I just want to hit on expenses one more time here and I am wondering, Don, may be if you could provide some additional detail behind what specifically drove the operating loss and also the IT trend in the fourth quarter results?
Don Kimble: Yes. As far as the operating loss, it was an individual issue that would be non-recurring. It was less than $4 million, so it wasn't a large dollar amount. It did result in a negative variance and we did recognize that later in the quarter. As far as the IT costs, but we had a lot less capitalized IT and more expensed IT in the current quarter based on the nature of some of the projects and that worked out to be about a $4 million negative variance there as well and so those are the two primary areas associated with that variance.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then just on our commercial real estate. You had really nice momentum here in the fourth quarter on both, the loan generation and also the fee income side. Can you update us in terms of what you have seen over the last few months and also how the joint venture with Berkadia has played into it and also what are you seeing on the construction front and also the permanent financing segment, because it seems like some banks have talked about competition easing little bit on that back part?
Chris Gorman: Craig, this is Chris. What we are seeing from a competitive landscape is, really not a big change. Compete really in all the segments between on balance sheet, CMBS, Fannie and Freddie, FHA with the institutional market which is primarily insurance companies, so we don't see a huge change in the competitive landscape. What we do see, and I think I alluded to it earlier is, we see some markets where there has been a lot of buildings, specifically in multi-family, specifically in certain markets. Having said that, there are plenty of opportunities outside of those markets and even in those markets we see opportunities with our really great customers and people that we require them to put in more equity, so we feel good about the real estate market but probably the bright spot has been multifamily. As you look at the cap rates, it manifest itself in that. Multi-family cap rates right now are somewhere between 5.5 and 7.5 and they didn't really change after the tenure went up 110 basis points. As it relates to our third-party commercial loan servicing business, we continue to have a lot of momentum in that business. The CMBS market this year was about an $80 billion market, up from around $60 billion, but what's really interesting for that business is we are now at a point where a lot of the CMBS that we service are maturing and so that gives us an opportunity to garner more servicing. It also gives us a unique opportunity to look into those and see what pieces and parts we might want to finance. Then the last piece, and that actually impacted us positively in the fourth quarter, is the special servicing business that we have really grown and then picked up in two additional pieces. We are named special servicer now on about 50 billion, up from kind of mid-teens just a couple of years ago and that's a countercyclical business. You are basically the workout agent and by definition you are not a lender into that deal. That's an area that really hasn't kicked in yet, but when the market gets softer, as it inevitably will, there will be an opportunity for us.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Just one follow-up, as those loans mature within the servicing portfolio, when do you think your servicing portfolio will actually start to drive stronger commercial real estate loan growth? Will it be in 2014 or is it more a 2015 and later event?
Chris Gorman: As you look at the refinancing cliff, I would say that there will be some in '14, but it should accelerate in '15.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: All right. Great, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll go next to Mike Mayo at CLSA.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Hi. Can you reassure more on efficiency? I guess there's three parts to my question. I guess it's been about five or six questions on efficiency. Your stock is down 4% in the opening minutes and with all the questions on expenses and efficiency, I'm guessing it has to do with that, but first the 2014 guidance for a positive operating leverage, but having the efficiency charges included in the base for 2013, I think that's probably the biggest concern. On Slide 10, you showed the efficiency ratio without those charges. Then when you guide forward, you include those back in, so just any more comfort on 2014? I guess you said flat-to-down, but I'm not sure what else you can do but it would be helpful. The second part of that would be the efficiency target. At the annual meeting Beth, you said 60% to 65% is not an ending point and the target range of 60% to 65% is still worse than where the company was 20 years ago and I guess the third point what this is leading to is just more details. Don, I appreciate you saying a lot more to improve efficiency, but we don't have any numbers, so anything else you give us. I guess, are you going to start reporting the $241 million annualized savings? Do you have a new number? Branch closings? FTE, which business areas because 65% is still a really lousy efficiency ratio. Beth you've made tremendous progress over the past couple of years not to take anything away from that, but just as stocks go up they can go back down if that progress is stalled as it looks like it stalled in the fourth quarter. Thanks.
Beth Mooney: All right, Mike, there were many parts to that question. If I could, I will address the target and then I do think we have some very specific questions on certain slides and certain numbers that I am going to ask Don to fill in, and I would reiterate that 60% to 65% is not the end of where we see the path for Key as we've become a more efficient company and as we looked at 2014, we are reaffirming 60% to 65% as the range for 2014. That's driven by a couple of factors. I alluded to one of them earlier, which is the continued low interest rate environment, the pressure everyone is seeing on their net interest income as a result. Strong balance sheet growth isn't necessarily translating into top line revenue growth in this particular environment, so I think our goal this year and what you should watch and what was accountable to is our ability to move within the range both, by every single day our ability as we talk about positive operating leverage is to grow our businesses, to grow our revenue, to become more efficient, continue our journey of reducing our cost base, but at the same time as you've heard us talk about some of the investments we have made are bearing fruit, specifically in the commercial mortgage servicing business, in our cards and our payments, so we are going to continue to invest, because we believe it is benefitting our business mix, the vitality of our company and fits within our profile from a risk point of view, so 60% to 65% is not an end but it is the right rage for 2014, and as I said earlier our goal is to move within that range during the year. Then I think you had some more detailed questions that I am going to turn over to Don.
Don Kimble: Sure, Mike, and as far as the expense guidance that we always want to baseline that with our reported numbers and so the $2.820 billion is our total expenses for 2013. The low-single-digit kind of decline year-over-year is translating to something that would be flattish with the core expense levels in 2013. Absent the $117 million, the one-time charges, keep in mind that our guidance for 2014 does include roughly $30 million or so of one-time cost estimates for 2014 and also it does include investments that we are making in a number of our strategic areas, so we believe that the guidance is appropriate. We do believe that it does reflect ongoing expense initiatives and we are very focused on driving positive operating leverage and we think that this guidance does accomplish that and we think it's been consistent with our overall operating plan outlook.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Just as one follow-up, Don, if you could just give some insight with your limited time in the position some areas where you see additional efficiency benefits and I keep harping on this issue as someone who has covered the company 20 years, I know its new management and everything else, but 65% efficiency versus a peer group average closer to 60%, yes there should be a lot of room to improve efficiency. Just in which areas? Point us in some direction, which business lines? Anything else that we can sink our teeth into? Thanks.
Don Kimble: Well, as far as areas, what we need to continue to improve is our overall productivity across all of our segments and each of our businesses are keenly focused on that, we needed to enhance that over time. Just a more specific area is, if you look at our occupancy cost compared to revenue and size the organization, it is outsized and we have taken a number of initiatives and steps to address that. We have talked about the reduction in the commitment to space here in our corporate center and we are going to free up about 200,000 square feet and have a net savings of $4 million to $5 million a year coming from that and much of that doesn't kick off until '15 as these leases expire, but we have got similar efforts throughout our franchise that have addressed other regional headquarter space and trying to gain additional efficiency improvements there as well, so we are making a lot of progress, we do have a number of areas to continue to focus on and we are addressing it just like we have with some of the branch consolidation efforts as well. There are long list of initiatives and areas of focus and more of that will be driven prospectively by some of the change in the culture and focus on continuous improvements throughout the company.
Beth Mooney: One area, Mike, that we have invested in and that I have talked about recently at one of our conferences is Lean Six Sigma. I think, our end-to-end processes in this company are right opportunities to improve not only the efficiency of the process, but the ultimate end client experience and we have a list of those that we have prioritized as a team where we are really going to look at some of our underlying processes, because I think there will be opportunities and targets would be put around that that we are expecting from that group. That is something that many other companies may have already done, but that's the journey where I think this is the year where we are really well organized to do that work. There continue to be opportunities within vendors and sourcing as well, so as you look at the underlying infrastructure, what cost deliver at Key, there are still continuing opportunities.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Bob Ramsey at FBR Capital Markets.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets: Thank you. My question has already been asked.
Beth Mooney: All right. Thanks, Bob.
Operator: We'll move next to Steve Scinicariello at UBS.
Steve Scinicariello - UBS: Good morning, everyone.
Beth Mooney: Morning.
Steve Scinicariello - UBS: Just wanted to focus on the other driver of the efficiency ratio, the revenue side of the equation, I know you mentioned a couple of drivers on the fee income side whether it's the mortgage servicing, the cards and also on the investment banking side, but just kind of curious where you might see kind of the greatest revenue opportunities as you look out to 2014 and just kind of give us a little color on some of the key drivers there?
Chris Gorman: Sure, Steve. It's Chris Gorman here. Our biggest key driver is to continue to be able to take our unique business model that connects with these middle market customers and convert them into customers, so if you look last year, we literally brought on hundreds of new customers, we enhanced hundreds more. We have this broad product offering. As you look at our ability to bring new people on to our platform, we had a lot of success in doing that, so really as we think about revenue, we don't necessarily think about any particular product; loans, deposits, fees, we have been fortunate enough to grow all those. What we really focused on is in a very targeted way growing the clients that we have. Empirically, last year we brought on 648 new clients, we also brought on some new senior bankers. We've talked about the fact we are going to continue to go out and hire people and leverage the platform, so that is what we see is our biggest driver of revenue in the past year and frankly going forward as we looked to '14.
Bill Koehler: This is Bill Koehler. In the Community Bank, in particular, as it relates to the consumer, I think most people would say the consumer is getting steadily stronger and we have seen that materialize in our home equity book and we have also seen some growth in our credit card portfolio from the levels when we originally bought it. We think there's more opportunity there. As the consumer gets stronger, you can envision more investment. Revenue you can certainly envision more net interest income from improving our consumer loan book, so there are plenty of opportunities there as we go forward too.
Steve Scinicariello - UBS: Perfect, so that's the other part of the equation. When you are talking about increasing productivity, it sounds like you have a lot of targeted opportunities both, on the middle market side and on the consumer side as well then?
Bill Koehler: This is Bill again. I would say two things. It's not just productivity, but we see an opportunity to leverage our model to take share in both, the Corporate Bank and the Community Bank. We intend to hire some bankers in very targeted ways where we see opportunity to enhance our presence in either industry groups or any specific geography.
Beth Mooney: Steve, I would just underscore, because Don mentioned it that it is indeed a focus of our management team that productivity is an opportunity as well and it's something concerning metrics and we will be reviewing regularly with our team to capture opportunities for more productive sales force, as well as adding to our sales force with high quality people who can help generate business.
Steve Scinicariello - UBS: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll go next to Alan Strauss at Schroders.
Alan Strauss - Schroders: Yes. Could you maybe give us a little insight into the one-time or the repositioning charges that you expect in 2014? At the same time what the incremental cost saves you expect? I guess, we would see in 2015 from those charges?
Don Kimble: As far as the estimated one-time cost that's for programs similar to what we have implemented this year, and I would say generally it's about a year-and-a-half to maybe a two-year payback on some of the costs that generally has a fairly quick turnaround.
Alan Strauss - Schroders: Could you refresh me what was it this past year, the one-times that you put through?
Don Kimble: The one-time…
Alan Strauss - Schroders: Well, not really one-time, but for the year the repositioning costs?
Don Kimble: The total costs associated with the expense initiative were in the $90 million range for the current year. On top of that, we had roughly $27 million on the pension settlement, so total of $117 million and we are expecting to have about $30 million of one-time costs in 2014.
Alan Strauss - Schroders: Then in 2015, the run rate should go down by at least maybe another $90 million, with these cost saves?
Don Kimble: I would suggest that the $30 million has a one-and-a-half year type of payback period that would imply somewhere around $20 million type of annual expense reduction for those initiatives.
Alan Strauss - Schroders: Okay. Thanks.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: We will move next to Gerard Cassidy at RBC.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Thank you. Good morning. Don, can you come back to the capital questions that you heard today? I think you pointed out that the stress test maybe the driver of what kind of capital you and your peers will have to keep on your balance sheet. Everyone recognizes as you did that your Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III is very, very high. If I recall correctly the stress test is calling that all the banks have to exceed a Tier 1 common ratio of 5%., so if 5% is the bogie in the stress test, what does that equate into a regular Basel III Tier 1 common ratio based on your balance sheet today?
Don Kimble: I think that what you would see typically is the stress of about 300 basis points in most banks compared to what the capital levels would be on a starting basis versus what goes through the stress test, so I think that gives you one benchmark for that.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Jennifer Demba at SunTrust.
Jennifer Demba - SunTrust: Thank you. I think that all the questions have been asked, but I'll call it on the multi-family caution, just curious which markets you are relatively more cautious on right now Chris?
Chris Gorman: Jennifer, we're constantly screening these markets. I think some of the markets that we really, have our eye on are markets like Washington D.C. like Raleigh, like Denver, like Seattle. Those are some of the markets we are watching cautiously.
Jennifer Demba - SunTrust: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Nancy Bush at NAB Research.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Good morning. Beth, if I could ask you is there some part of this sort of chronically high efficiency ratio that's structural? I mean, is there something about the configuration of the company that leads to this and part of that being markets where you don't have as much scale as you'd like to have and how do you address this over the long-term?
Beth Mooney: Yes, Nancy. I'd be glad to talk about that, because I do think it is a question that does come up from time-to-time, and I would tell you it is, my belief, and I think it's something we have evaluated pretty thoroughly. It is not a structural cost related to our footprint, particularly in era of image enabled technology, digital. There is no particular cost burden to our geographic footprint that I think is burdensome to the company I think as we look at it, I think it is a matter of a couple of things. When you look at kind of our expense ratios and then our revenue for FTE a piece of it is embedded in the productivity and the revenue side of this company, so you've heard us I think continued and purposely talk about this as positive operating leverage as an efficiency ratio initiative. I think we should get more productivity out of our franchise. I think we have benefited from our geographic dispersion with our particular business model, because it plays into our vertical; it plays into our ability to be a strong middle-market lender, a private banking presence. We were talking many times what we are in a market is so much more than just whatever our branch density is, so I do think it is a journey for Key that does every single day have us thinking about what can we do to enhance revenue, add to our capabilities, add to our sales professionals, add to our productivity, and constantly reduce our expenses, and I think the broader structural opportunity is the one I mentioned, which is in some of our processes that we've really never gone on an end-to-end look. And I think that is a bigger opportunity for us this year and something I'm really going to focus on.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research:  If I might just ask as an add on to that? I mean what part will acquisitions play and your thought process?
Beth Mooney: I would tell you that for a lot of reasons the acquisition market has not been simply robust for the last couple of years. As you have seen more has happened and we have participated in one of those in terms of acquisition of branches as opposed to whole franchises. We did the Western New York transaction from HSBC in 2012, and I will tell you, that has gone very well for us. I think I think as we look at it, and look at where we would invest opportunistically, I think we would always look at something that could complement a market where we already have presence and by building density or brining in the right customer base that that would be additive. I think we are looking at how can we use investments in technology, mobile and digital to augment our franchise. I view that as something where we have a unique opportunity, I think, to leverage that against our footprint, because I think that's going to broaden our ability to create a consumer and client experience. Then frankly, we have shown where we will look at specialty businesses that are very much on point and within strategies that yet add to our business platform or our product platform, so that's how I'm thinking as. Acquisitions, I look at them more broadly in terms of what can they do for our business models to grow revenue and increase our capability.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Terry McEvoy of Oppenheimer.
Terry McEvoy - Oppenheimer: Thanks. Don, you said the first quarter expenses would come down meaningfully. Should we look at $680 million as a good starting point for the first quarter and how should we think about the $39 million of one-time expenses in '14? Will that be relatively spread out or are there any quarters that you see those costs being a little bit elevated?
Don Kimble: As far as the first quarter, I think our baseline for the fourth quarter is a good start point to make adjustments from. Keep in mind that there are certain seasonal type of expense trends that do occur in the first quarter, so you will see some variance in a few line items like employer taxes and marketing tends to be a little lower for us, so you will see some positives and negatives there. As far as the $30 million of expected onetime cost, right now, we are not showing any significant volatility throughout the year, but that can change based on the timing of different announcements and plans.
Terry McEvoy - Oppenheimer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Marty Mosby at Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim: Hi. I wanted to follow-up or kind of talk about net interest margin and asset sensitivity. Just curious about how asset sensitive you think you are when rates eventually do climb and you have been kind of letting swaps roll off, so how much would you like to increase that, let's say, over the next year, year-and-a-half before short-term rates begin to increase?
Don Kimble: Marty, this is Don. Right now our estimated asset sensitivity is around a 3% position for a 200 rate environment. We have accomplished that from as you've suggested, the runoff of some of the swaps that have been matured, that did have a negative impact in the current quarter about 2 basis points to our margins as far as linked quarter change in our swap benefit. We would probably continue to manage in a relative similar range to where we are now. I wouldn't want to suggest that we would see a lot of variability in that over the next year. We have about $1 billion of swaps that mature throughout 2014, which will allow us the opportunity to adjust that position over time.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim: At this point, no further plans on the 2 basis points loss this quarter deterioration because of the swaps rolling off and not getting the benefit?
Don Kimble: No plans to make any adjustments there. Again, I think just beyond the swaps that the nature of our balance sheet allows us benefit from rates we think pretty quickly. If you look our investment portfolio, it tend to be a shorter duration. It was 3.6 as of the end of the fourth quarter and that would allow us to benefit from increasing rates fairly quickly.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Marquardt at Evercore.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore: I just wanted to drill down a little bit onto fees. Then just to be clear, I guess first off on the guidance. Just to be clear, it's off of a reported number. It sounds like across the board. Is that correct?
Don Kimble: That's correct.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners: Then for this quarter, it looks like other had and hedging benefit in it from certain sale gains in the Real Estate Capital group, and also appreciate the breaking out rather the mortgage servicing fees this quarter. How should we think about those two line items on kind of a go-forward basis? Thanks.
Don Kimble: As far as the other, you are right that we did have about $4 billion linked-quarter improvement coming from some of the gains as you referenced and the mortgage servicing fee income did benefit this quarter a little bit from some specialty servicing fees, and those may be a little more episodic as far as their occurrence and so you might see a little fluctuation there, but those types of changes were considered as part of our overall guidance for the growth year-over-year.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners: When I look at, I guess, the Corporate Bank business line segment, it looked like the other- other kind of gains were maybe greater than that, or are there other things in there? Maybe I'm getting too lost into each year in terms of $15 million gain this quarter, fees this quarter versus last quarter versus last quarter $8 million drag and the year ago $6 million drag?
Don Kimble: In the fourth quarter of '12, we really benefited from a very strong commercial real estate market, both in the volume and also rates on some of the sales that we had, so that's some of the drag that you referenced compared to the fourth quarter of '12. As far as other unusual items in the Corporate Bank for the fourth quarter, there really weren't other items of any size, and so that $4 million change that we talked about before really was the largest individual change within those categories.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Usdin at Jefferies.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Hi. This is Tom from Ken's team. I just had a quick question on taxes. The 4Q rate looked a little light, how should we be thinking about that for 2014?
Don Kimble: Sure. The fourth quarter rate did reflect the impact of the leverage lease transaction that was referenced as well. What we've provided for our guidance for 2014 will be an effective rate of somewhere between 26% and 28% and that assumes no further leverage lease transactions.
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. Great. Thanks.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: We have time for one more question. We'll go next to Brian Foran of Autonomous.
Brian Foran - Autonomous: Hi. I have a seven-part question.
Don Kimble: Hi, Brian.
Brian Foran - Autonomous: Just on the fees. Two numbers you mentioned 15%, I think, 15% of total CRE capital raised going off the balance sheet securitization debt and equity placements et cetera, and 648 early subscribers down. New middle market customers who you are attempting to further penetrate and cross-sell, can you just remind us on both of those metrics? How does that compare versus history and any expectation for how that will look going forward?
Chris Gorman: Brian, its Chris Gorman. As it relates to the question you asked specifically on real estate, so it's actually the inverse of what you described. We raised in the real estate business a total of $44.3 billion in '13. Of that in terms of commitments 6.4 billion or slightly less than 15% went on our balance sheet and the other 85% was placed elsewhere. As you look at those metrics, it would compare to a total of $34.7 billion raised in '12, and as you look at what's on balance sheet in terms of commitments, it would be $6.4 billion, up from $5.5 in '12. As it relates to our new clients, we spend a lot of time really focusing on new clients and expanded relationships and the reason we do that is, we think this platform we built is unique for the middle market, but we think there is an opportunity to leverage it, so the 648 new clients, really, was across the entire Corporate Bank. They generated about $108 million worth of revenue, and what's even more interesting is our expanded relationships, those which were doing significantly more business than we did last year, 428 of those generated another $259 million in revenue. As you can see, it's a pretty dynamic client base as we continue to get more and more focused and really go deep into these six verticals that we are focused on. That answers your question?
Brian Foran - Autonomous: That's very helpful. Thank you for the detail.
Chris Gorman: You are welcome.
Operator: That does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Mooney for any closing and additional remarks.
Beth Mooney: All right. Thank you, operator, and we thank all of you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vern Patterson or Kelly Dillon at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth E. Mooney - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Council, Chairman of Executive Committee and Chairman of Enterprise Risk Management Committee Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer and Member of Executive Council Christopher Marrott Gorman - Vice Chairman of Keybank National Association and President of Key Corporate Bank William R. Koehler - President of Key Community Bank Joseph M. Vayda - Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Member of Executive Council
Analysts: Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Bryan Batory - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Tom Hennessy - CLSA Limited, Research Division Nicholas Karzon - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Ms. Beth Mooney. Please go ahead.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for today's presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer. And available for the Q&A portion of the call are the leaders of Key Corporate Bank and Key Community Bank, Chris Gorman and Bill Koehler. Also joining us for the Q&A discussion are our Chief Risk Officer, Bill Hartmann; and our Treasurer, Joe Vayda. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. Turning to Slide 3. Our results reflect another quarter of improved performance as we had positive trends in core revenue and expenses, and our credit quality improved to levels we haven't seen since 2007. We also continue to execute on our capital priorities. Revenue benefited from solid loan growth, driven by an 11% increase from the prior year in commercial, financial and agricultural loans, as well as improved trends in several of our fee-based businesses. Importantly, we continue to have success in acquiring and expanding relationships. For example, in our corporate investment banking and real estate areas, we have generated 21% more revenue from new clients year-to-date versus the same period in 2012, reflecting our more targeted approach and the benefits of our distinctive business model. As you have seen over the past several quarters, this model has allowed us to capitalize on revenue opportunities. Whether through execution in the capital markets when conditions are favorable or by offering on balance sheet alternatives, our commitment remains the same: to do what's right for our clients. We also continue to invest in our businesses, as well as address areas that do not fit our relationship strategy. In this quarter, we have examples of both. As announced, we completed our commercial real estate servicing acquisition. This brought in over $1 billion in low-cost escrow deposits and further leverages our existing platform. We are now the third largest servicer of commercial and multifamily loans and the fifth largest special servicer of CMBS in the United States. The sale of Victory Capital Management was also completed on July 31, resulting in an after-tax gain of $92 million. Additional gain may be realized as the profits of receiving client consent continues through January of 2014. We also made good progress on expenses this quarter. Importantly, we met our announced expense target that we set in June of 2012 to achieve annualized savings of $200 million. This reflects the dedication and hard work of our entire team to make some difficult choices, to reduce costs and make us a more efficient company. As a result, noninterest expense, excluding efficiency-related charges, was down 4% from the prior year. And as Don will discuss, our adjusted cash efficiency ratio was 64% this quarter, at the upper end of our near-term goal of 60% to 65%. Although this is an important milestone for us, it is not an endpoint. This is now part of our culture, and we are already working to improve efficiency and productivity by identifying new opportunities to grow revenue and reduce and variabilize our expenses. I'll finish with a couple of comments on capital. During the third quarter, we repurchased $198 million in common shares as we continue to execute on our current repurchase authorization, and our Tier 1 common ratio remained above 11%. We will remain disciplined in the way we manage our strong capital position and stay consistent with our stated priorities of supporting organic growth, dividend, share repurchase and opportunistic growth. Overall, it was a very good quarter for Key, and it positions us well through the end of the year and as we move into 2014. We are optimistic that progress is being made in Washington, and we continue to encourage our leaders to work together to find a solution that is in the best interest of our country. It would be regrettable to reverse the progress we've made in the recovery, as well as the progress we've made to regain client, investor and global confidence in our financial system. However, at Key, our focus remains the same and that is to execute on our business model, drive and invest for growth, become more efficient and productive and to be disciplined in the way we manage our capital. Now let me turn the presentation over to Don for some details on our third quarter results. Don?
Donald R. Kimble: Thank you, Beth. Slide 5 provides highlights from the company's third quarter 2013 results. This morning, we reported net income from continuing operations of $0.25 per common share for the third quarter, compared to $0.21 for the second quarter of 2013 and $0.22 for the third quarter of 2012. I'll cover many of these results in my remarks later, so let's turn on to Slide 6. Third quarter results include a number of significant items, which have been detailed for you on this slide. First, results reflect the impact of early termination of leveraged leases. These transactions reduced net interest income by $8 million and increase noninterest income by $23 million, resulting in a net gain of $15 million or $0.02 per share. As with the prior lease terminations, the gains associated with these transactions were not taxable. The total tax impact of leveraged lease terminations was $13 million or an incremental $0.01 per common share. This lowered our tax rate by about 4% this quarter. I would expect our tax rate to return to a more normal level next year in the range of 26% to 28% on a GAAP basis. Next, we incurred $41 million or $0.03 per share of costs associated with our efficiency initiative, including pension settlements this quarter. The pension settlement of $25 million recorded as lump sum distributions exceeded a threshold that triggered the recognition of a curtailment loss. While we could have additional settlement losses in the fourth quarter, it is not expected to repeat in 2014. Within discontinued operations, we also realized a pretax gain of $146 million from the sale of Victory. After tax, this gain equated to $92 million with the cash portion totaling to $72 million. Importantly, this represents the amount of the gain we have realized to date. And as Beth pointed out, an additional gain may be realized resulting from client consents received through January of 2014. Also included in discontinued operations, we recorded an after-tax charge of $48 million related to the fair value of loans and securities in Key's 10 education loan securitization trusts. This charge resulted from additional market information about projected trends for default and recovery rates that became available during the quarter. Based on this information and Key's internal analysis, certain assumptions related to valuing the loans in these securitization trusts were adjusted. Turning on to Slide 7. Average total loans for the third quarter were up $575 million or an annualized 4%, compared to the second quarter of 2013 and up $2.6 billion or 5% compared to the year ago quarter. Loan growth continues to benefit from Key's focus on targeted segments and the capabilities we're able to provide commercial clients. Our loan growth outpaced industry measures in the third quarter and the quality of our loan originations continues to be high and consistent with our moderate risk profile. While clients remain cautious, our outlook for loan growth remains consistent with our prior guidance of mid-single digit year-over-year growth driven by CF&A lending. Continuing on to Slide 8. From the liability side of the balance sheet, average deposits, excluding foreign branch balances, were up $494 million from the second quarter and up $3.4 billion from 1 year ago. Deposit growth from both the prior quarter and year ago quarter was primarily due to an increase in demand in interest-bearing commercial deposits and higher escrow balances from Key's recent commercial real estate servicing acquisition. Over the past year, our mix of deposits has significantly changed with CDs declining and low-cost transaction accounts increasing 10%. As a result, year-over-year deposit costs declined from 38 to 22 basis points. Turning on to Slide 9. Our taxable equivalent net interest income was $584 million for the third quarter, compared to $586 million for the second quarter and $578 million for the third quarter 1 year ago. Results in both the third quarter 2013 and the prior year reflect the impact of early termination of leveraged leases. These transactions reduced net interest income by $8 million in the third quarter of this year and by $13 million in the third quarter of 2012. Excluding the impact of leveraged lease terminations, net interest income in the third quarter of this year would be slightly higher than a year ago period and 4% higher than the second quarter on an annualized basis. For the third quarter, the company's net interest margin was 3.11% or 3.15% when adjusted for the 4 basis point negative impact of the leveraged lease terminations. This compares to 3.13% for the second quarter. As you can see on this slide, the net interest margin this quarter was negatively impacted by lower earning asset yields, offset by lower funding costs. Over the next couple of quarters, we expect the net interest margin to be relatively stable to the reported third quarter level with potential downward pressure dependent on levels of liquidity. We also maintained our modest asset-sensitive position. Importantly, the use of interest rate swaps provides us with the flexibility to manage and quickly adjust our rate risk position. While Key, along with other asset-sensitive banks, generally benefit from a rise in both short-term and long-term rates, the duration and characteristics of Key's loan and investment portfolio position us to realize more benefit from a rise in the shorter end of the yield curve. We anticipate for the next few quarters, loan growth will exceed deposit growth, which should result in a relatively stable net interest income. Slide 10 shows a summary of noninterest income, which accounts for approximately 44% of our total revenues. Noninterest income in the third quarter was $459 million, up from $429 million in the second quarter, but below the $518 million in the third quarter of last year. Importantly, the third quarter of 2012 included gains of $54 million associated with the redemption of trust preferred securities. As I mentioned previously, we had leveraged lease terminations in both the third quarter of 2013 and the prior year, which led to the gain of $23 million in the third quarter of this year and $39 million in the prior year. Adjusting for gains from the trust preferred securities and the leveraged lease terminations, noninterest income in the third quarter was up 3% from the prior year and up 7% analyzed from the prior quarter. Many of our core fee income categories have shown strength through the third quarter. Investment banking and debt placement fees continue to grow and are up 29% on a rolling 4-quarter average basis as we continue to do more business with our commercial clients and win market share. Corporate services is also -- have also performed well, up 13% from the prior year. This includes fees from letters of credit, foreign exchange and derivative trading, among others. And cards and payments income is up 16% compared to the same period 1 year ago, reflecting our investment in and our focus on payment products, including our reentry in the credit cards during the third quarter of last year. Turning to Slide 11. Our noninterest expense for the third quarter was $716 million, including $41 million in charges related to the efficiency initiative and pension settlement. As discussed earlier, the $25 million pension settlement was triggered by high levels of lump sum distributions from the plan. While we may have additional settlement losses in the fourth quarter, we do not expect this to repeat in 2014. Adjusting for these charges, expenses were down 4% from the prior year and up slightly from the prior quarter as we increased marketing expenses related to our client acquisition and borrowing campaigns. During the quarter, we closed 8 more branches and continued with other efficiency initiative implementation plans. As Beth commented earlier, we achieved our target by capturing $207 million in annual expense savings. We plan to provide a final count of our cost savings associated with our efficiency initiative when we announce our full year results in January. Going forward from that point, the savings from our continuous improvement efforts will be embedded within our expense run rate and will help drive our efficiency ratio lower. We have made a lot of progress over the last 5 to 6 quarters, but there still is a lot more we can do to improve our overall productivity. Turning to Slide 12. Our net charge-offs declined to $37 million or 28 basis points of average loans in the third quarter. This continues to be below our targeted range and is the lowest level since the first quarter of 2007. You may recall that in the third quarter of 2012, Key, along with other banks, received updated regulatory guidance on consumer loans, which is -- which is what led to elevated charge-offs in the year ago quarter. Adjusting for this guidance, net charge-offs were still down by 42% from the prior year. Total commercial loan net charge-offs this quarter remained low at 5 basis points of average loans, and recoveries were up $12 million or 41% from the prior quarter. The breakdown of asset quality by loan portfolio is shown on Slide 19 in the Appendix. At September 30, 2013, our reserve for loan losses represented 1.62% of period-end loans and 160% coverage of our nonperforming loans. We anticipate that net charge-offs will remain at or below the lower end of our targeted range for the next few quarters and for provision expense to be near the same level. Turning to Slide 13. Our tangible common equity ratio estimated -- and estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio both remained strong, at September 30, at 9.93% and 11.11%, respectively. Earlier in the quarter, regulators approved the final rule for implementing the Basel III regulatory capital standards. The mandatory compliance day for Key begins in January of 2015 with transitional provisions extending to January of 2019. Our current estimates of Tier 1 common equity as calculated under the final rule was 10.6%, which exceeds the fully phased-in minimum requirement. As Beth mentioned, during the third quarter, we also repurchased $198 million of shares of our common stock. This amount includes repurchases related to the cash portion of the net after-tax gain from the sale of Victory. Moving on to Slide 14. This is a summary of our near-term outlook and expectations, which are generally consistent with our prior guidance and assume an orderly and timely resolution of current issues in Washington. As I stated earlier, we expect average loans to continue to grow year-over-year in the mid-single-digit range and our net interest margin to remain relatively stable with our reported level this quarter. Our net interest margin may be impacted further by liquidity levels and competitive and/or economic environment. Revenue trends, over time, should also benefit from continued growth in our fee-based businesses. We continue to anticipate expenses in the range of $680 million to $700 million in the fourth quarter, and remain committed to achieving a cash efficiency ratio of 60% to 65%. While i've reached our $200 million expense savings target, we will continue to identify additional savings opportunities. And it's important to keep in mind that there is variability in our expense levels related to items such as incentive payouts, tide to production, reserves for unfunded loan commitments and seasonal factors. Credit quality should remain a good story with net charge-offs at or below our targeted range of 60 -- 40 to 60 basis points. And we expect our loan loss provision to be near the same level of net charge-offs. And finally, capital management will remain a priority, including continuing to execute on our remaining share repurchase authorization of $187 million. With that, I'll close and turn the call back over to the operator for instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In terms of the efficiency initiative with you guys now being above the $200 million and you're now in your targeted range, moving forward, how much do you think is left to drive additional improvements in the efficiency ratio? Could there be another $50 million? $100 million? Or is that too aggressive given what you've already realized?
Donald R. Kimble: This is Don, and I'll go ahead and take the first crack at that. As far as the additional expense savings, we will continue to target areas of opportunity. We're going to be much more focused on driving positive operating leverage, which will drive us to the lower end of that near-term target of 60% to 65%. We think that's appropriate for now that we clearly will identify specific areas. But right now, we're not planning on having any named initiatives or named programs that would target a specific dollar amount.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And maybe just one follow-up, Don. You guys had good C&I loan growth in the quarter where other banks are seeing declines or talking about borrowers being very cautious. What are you seeing on the pipeline? And do you expect strong C&I to continue through year end?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Steve, it's Chris Gorman here. We -- our pipelines look pretty good. As we look forward, both on the fee side and on the loan side and we compare kind of where we are year-over-year where we were this time last year, we feel good about it. And we think it's a direct result of being pretty focused about and disciplined about who we're targeting doing business with. So as you know, we're not necessarily focused necessarily in growing loans. What we're focused on is growing clients and expanding relationships. And as we look at the pipelines that have come out of that, we feel pretty good about it.
William R. Koehler: Steve, this is Bill. On the commercial side, we would say -- I would say something similar. We have seen continued moderate improvement in the consumer, which has helped us over the past few quarters as our consumer loan volumes continue to improve.
Operator: And we'll go next to Steve Scinicariello with UBS.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just want to get some color on some of the kind of productivity enhancements that you guys are going to try to start working on and have been working on, but especially as we look into 2014 and what that might mean in terms of kind of revenue growth initiatives as well?
Beth E. Mooney: Steve, this is Beth Mooney. I will go ahead and give a couple thoughts in that regard. We have been definitely thinking about, and as we've talked about, balancing our ability to become more efficient and productive with our ability to invest and support revenue growth, which is incredibly important that we do both. So as we look into 2014, we see opportunities, as Don outlined, to continue to become more cost effective and work at additional efficiency. But we also look at opportunities to invest in additional client-facing people and relationship managers as we see success in our businesses, as we are growing CF&A loans. So we continue to think we can invest to acquire and deepen relationships. We've talked about technology as an enabler and making sure that we remain competitive within mobile and digital, supported by further branch rationalization and continuing to make sure our consumer segments are more efficient. We also see opportunity to look at potentially adding and expanding to our product capability such as credit cards and payments. And you've seen us do a number of things this year, both through the commercial real estate servicing as well as the exit of Victory, that shows that we're very much trying to keep within our business model of a relationship strategy that we believe is differentiated and pull both levers of investing and creating more productivity for revenue, as well as becoming a more efficient and cost-productive company.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's perfect. And then if you could -- as you look forward into 2014, what might some of your priorities be to accomplish by the end of that year?
Beth E. Mooney: Priorities to accomplish by the end of the year, I would tell you, is, I think, as we talked about, is the continuing efficiency and productivity both of our income statement, as well as our balance sheet. We've talked about the mix of assets and our opportunities within our cost of liabilities. We also think we could become more efficient within our operations. And we also want to make sure we invest in our businesses for growth and remain very disciplined in capital. We think that we've had a good opportunity this year to return capital to our shareholders, as well as at the margin have a few opportunities to utilize capital and enhance our capabilities and products.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just want to clarify. On the termination of the leveraged leases, Slide 6, you have the impact of $15 million after-tax. But in the footnote, and I think you referenced this, Don, the $13 million of tax benefit. Should we be adding those numbers up to think about the total impacts of $28 million of, I guess, technically, onetime gain related to the leveraged leases?
Donald R. Kimble: That's an accurate description, Ken. Yes, the $13 million is incremental. It's not necessarily just specific to that transaction, but as a result of it. So you're right.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then just a follow-up question. In terms of your excess liquidity, I was a little surprised when you were talking about the NIM or the downward pressure due to excess liquidity. I'm kind of curious what your expectations or your outlook is for your liquidity position. Like do you expect to get much more? Is there something that we don't know about that would drive up your excess?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, Ken, that's a great question. I think in this environment, we're not exactly sure what might happen as far as changes that could impact that. But right now, our guidance is based on our loan growth slightly exceeding our deposit growth. But there are a couple of things that could impact that. That if the economy slows, we could see less loan growth. We could also see greater inflows to Key. And one thing to keep in mind, too, that is part of our commercial real estate servicing business that while we have a very stable base of deposits there, there might be temporary flows that could result in increases to overall liquidity position, which could impact our net interest margin percentage, but not have a significant impact on the overall net interest income.
Operator: And we'll go next to Bob Ramsey with FBR.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: It's maybe a silly question, but could you explain to me sort of what it is that triggers the early termination of leveraged leases? Is this basically like a loan prepayment with prepayment penalty income? Or what is it exactly?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, this is customer driven and would allow, similar to what you said, as far as an early prepayment. But it's not necessarily a penalty that's triggered there. It's just the way that the revenues are recognized. And by the early termination, there are certain things that are accelerated as far as the recognition.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And I guess, the question about tax benefit there was answered. But even when I sort of adjust that $13 million out, looks like your tax rate was 24%, 25%, kind of below what you're expecting for next year. I'm curious what the other factors are there this quarter for tax rate? And then how you're thinking about the tax rate in the fourth quarter?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, as far as next year, you're right. We're providing guidance of 26% to 28%. That's about where we were on a GAAP basis through the second quarter that we said that this transaction had an impact of about 4 percentage points. And this was a primary adjustment that occurred. But the remaining adjustments occurred from essentially recognition of additional tax credits that were taken in the third quarter. So we do believe the core rate is 26% to 28%. And fourth quarter should be slightly higher than the third quarter, but in line with the full year expectation.
Operator: And we'll go next to Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is on your comment and your ability to flex your interest rate risk position through the use of swaps. And is there any way that you can help us think about the puts and takes of the swap income that you could potentially give up in exchange for x percent more of asset sensitivity?
Donald R. Kimble: Great question, Erika. As far as the swaps, we note that we have about $14 billion worth of swaps, about $9 billion of which we use to manage our overall rate risk position. If we increase or decrease that, we tend to have a fairly short average life for those swaps than the 2- to 3-year time period. And so the average spread there is about 70 basis points. So for every $1 billion of swaps, you would be giving up 70 basis points of future income associated with that swaps on a near-term basis. But it does help reduce our over -- increase, excuse me, our overall asset sensitivity. And Joe, it's about 0.5 point for every $1 billion? What's the impact there?
Joseph M. Vayda: That sounds about right. Erika, the way to think about it is simply take the current swap curve and roughly the 2- to 3-year maturity off of short-term LIBOR and that differential in spread times whatever volume you want to use is a good proxy for an income differential.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I see, okay. And just my second follow-up question is as -- clearly, you are well in excess of all the regulatory capital hurdles that you need to adhere to. As you prepare for the CCAR next year, do you expect a backup in long rates to be included in the severely adverse case? And have you modeled your capital return and capital return potential asks for more stringent interest rate risk tests on the bond portfolio?
Donald R. Kimble: Last year's part of the CCAR process, the -- one of the stress scenarios did assume a rate increase to see what the impact would be on your bond portfolio from that. One of the benefits we have of being a CCAR bank, but not being a [indiscernible] is the ability to go ahead and opt in or out associated with the OCI impact to capital. And so even though it could have an impact on TCE, we have the flexibility up through the first quarter of '15 to make the determination as to whether or not we want to include or exclude that impact. And I think that provides us with a little bit more cushion than many of the larger banks might have to deal with.
Beth E. Mooney: And I would just add, Erika, too, that we have talked in the past that our portfolio is also intentionally very short, average duration of around 3.6 years. And so when you look at our mix of investments that are in that portfolio, we have what I would call less risk and less extension risk than many other portfolio.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: This is actually Bryan Batory from Ken's team. My first question is on the other fee line. So that was down $2 million quarter-over-quarter, which looked a little bit light considering the commercial servicing deal closed at the end of 2Q. Can you just comment on if there's anything noncore that ran through that line this quarter? And what the pickup from the commercial servicing deal was in the third quarter?
Donald R. Kimble: We've not provided a lot of detail as far as the fee income impact from the commercial servicing deal. There are increased fees that we do receive, but part of the real benefit really is coming from the $1 billion in additional core deposits we're getting from that relationship. As far as the other income category, there really aren't any other significant large unusual items going through this quarter, but we did have some small incremental gains last quarter. But I would suggest that, that is more of an ongoing level at the current quarter amount.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And my next question is for Chris. You mentioned that pipelines, both for commercial fees and loans, were pretty -- in pretty good shape. But I'm just wondering if you've seen any change in customer appetite to drawing on lines or whatnot over the past couple of weeks just in light of what's going on in D.C.?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Bryan, what we've seen over the last couple of weeks has been fairly consistent. I think most of our clients have been very cautious. I think there's been a lot of uncertainty. We've seen a willingness, interestingly enough, to look at strategic alternatives, but not really a willingness to invest in people or property, plant and equipment. And I would say that is unchanged over the last couple of weeks. The only new data point I have for you recently, as I know a couple of our clients that wanted to roll over CP, 30-day CP, and this is specifically yesterday, they could have rolled 45, but they couldn't roll 30-day. But I am not seeing our clients really adjust yet to some of the uncertainty that's been generated in Washington.
Operator: And we'll go next to Keith Murray with ISI Financial.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just on the fourth quarter expenses. So the core number for the third quarter looked like around $675 million. You mentioned that marketing was up in the quarter. When we think about the guidance for the fourth quarter that you gave us, what's the right core number? I know there'll be noise in there related to efficiency, et cetera, but what's the right way to think about the core?
Donald R. Kimble: Consistent with our guidance last quarter, that $680 million to $700 million does include onetime transition or severance type of costs. And so we had estimated that somewhere in the $15 million to $20 million range. And so that would be included in that $680 million to $700 million.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just conceptually, if you looked at your ROA target this quarter, you guys are sort of right in the middle of the range, the 100 to 125. Do you think about the ROE, the annualized sort of $0.26 or so that you're in this quarter to around a 9% or so ROE? If you think about the future and if you get up to the 125 basis point target, let's say, from an ROE point of view, how much upside do you see? Do you feel like you have to grow the overall balance sheet to sort of increase leverage to get the ROE to a more meaningful target range? I know it's tough. Given the CCAR, you probably won't be able to return over 100% of net income, so capital will grow. Just trying to get a framework of how you guys think about the ROE.
Donald R. Kimble: No, I think that you hit on some of the challenges there. And I don't know that we want to speculate as to what kind of additional leverage can we get off the balance sheet. We do believe that our balance sheet can become more efficient than it is today. Our loan-to-deposit ratio is in the low 80% type of range and it's 82% or 83% and our target there is 90% to 100%. And so by making the balance sheet more efficient, it should drive a stronger margin for us. Combine that with the benefits from increased interest rates, we think that 1.25% type of ROA range should increase, reflecting the impact of interest rates and it'll allow us to get a stronger return on equity.
Operator: We'll go next to Terry McEvoy with Oppenheimer.
Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: The strength in the investment banking and debt placement fees, could you talk about what industry verticals those have been coming from? And would those be in similar targeted segments as the commercial bank? What I'm getting at is are you continuing to see a better link between both those parts of Key and generating both loans and now a nice fee income as well?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Terry, it's Chris. Clearly, the growth that we've enjoyed has come specifically from our targeting of certain industries. And you look at things like real estate, our industrial business, our growing health care business, we've actually had a lot of lift in our consumer and our energy business. So it's really very focused in the areas that we're in. And that's where our pipelines are as well. Now as it relates to our coordination with the community bank, there similarly we are focusing where we're really strong in those industry groups. And so those trends we looked to continue as well.
Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And just as a follow-up. Part of the third quarter loan growth, your strength in loan growth, was home equity, which is somewhat seasonal. I think you hinted that in the press release. Would you expect to see some slowing in Q4 if home equity does not replicate the growth they had in Q3?
William R. Koehler: So Terry, this is Bill. We would see home equity slowing down a little bit into the fourth quarter. We have seen -- we're pleased that our home equity loan origination extended into the summer longer that it has in the past. And we think that is a good indication that, as I said earlier, the consumer is getting stronger. And we think that's good for the business and the economy long term, but the fourth quarter is always slower.
Operator: We'll go next to the Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question I have is regarding the capital ratios. Obviously, your Basel III Tier 1 common ratio is very strong with the estimate. Some of the banks, JPMorgan and Citi, in particular, had given us their level that they expect to manage that, which in their cases, will be 10%, 10.5%. Do you guys have a level where you want to carry that Basel III Tier 1 common ratio that you want to manage that you could give to us?
Donald R. Kimble: This is Don. And I would just like to add to that, that we are one step further as far as being able to define what we believe is the appropriate capital level with the release of the final rules. We think a more appropriate time period for us to get more specific as far as our operating range would be after this next year's CCAR process and making sure that we have a full appreciation for what to expect prospectively on the impact in the capital requirements. Unlike the large banks that you had referenced, it's not as clear to us as far as what kind of capital buffer would be required for an organization that's in the lower end of the CCAR buckets. And we want to make sure that we can fully assess the impact of the stress testing and base the capital requirements with the results from that next year.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So once you have confidence on what the numbers that you're going to be expected to carry, all the regional banks, not just you guys, you guys will disclose to us at some point in the future where you're comfortable relative to those requirements?
Donald R. Kimble: It would be our expectation to disclose that at some point down the road. And I wouldn't suggest that being in January of next year, but I think it will be appropriate for us to establish a target there, I guess.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, okay. And then on the loan growth. You guys had obviously nice year-over-year loan growth, double digit. But the sequential annualized number, as you pointed out, has slowed down. Is there been a slowdown with your customers in loan demand? Or what's caused the slowdown on an annualized basis relative to that year-over-year basis number that you gave us?
William R. Koehler: Gerard, this is Bill. We've had -- the comments that were made earlier by Chris about our clients being a little more cautious and watching the developments and watching -- looking for more visibility with respect to tax and health care policy, all those things contribute to an environment where our clients are less comfortable investing, especially in people. So we have seen that and I would say that has contributed to some of the slowing down in the sequential growth.
Beth E. Mooney: And Gerard, I would just add that I think it's a little bit, in some ways, a tale of 2 cities, that if you look at it by segment in terms of the size of the company, I think the smaller businesses to midsized businesses, which would be typically in our Community Bank, have been more cautious than what we have seen in some of our targeted clients that's in the Corporate Bank.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Tom Hennessy - CLSA Limited, Research Division: This is Tom in for Mike. My first question's related to just generally on loans, and I may have missed this. Did you see any utilization rate changes on the commercial side? And then on the CRE side, just incremental commentary. The competition's picked up there. What are you seeing and what are you targeting?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So Tom, it's Chris Gorman. A couple of things. First of all, with respect to utilization, utilization picked up slightly quarter-over-quarter. But in general, there has not been any market change in utilization for some time x some activity that occurred late last year that was tax driven. So that's point one. With respect to what's going on in the real estate market, we feel like we have a pretty good eye on what's going on in real estate. We have generated -- we've actually generated fundings of about $30.5 billion this year and only about 13% actually did we put on our balance sheet. So our business model is such that we sort of see both the syndication market, we see what's going on in the equity market, the debt market, and of course, the commercial mortgage banking business. There is no question that, as it is across-the-board, competition has increased. And we've seen some compression of spreads both in the real estate business, and frankly, across all businesses. But for us and our approach where we're really focused on owners of real estate and we're focused on mid-cap REITs, we see plenty of opportunity as we look forward.
Tom Hennessy - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Excellent, that helps a lot. And then just as my -- as a follow-up, a little more technical of a question, though. Just generally, share buybacks have been on a good trend. Your basic share count declined by about 11 million, 12 million this quarter, but I noticed a $10 million increase actually on the diluted side. Is there anything that triggered that out of the ordinary? And I mean, I'm just used to the spread being a little tighter on those 2.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, as the price fluctuates here, you're going to see changes in the impact of stock options and other diluted shares. So that's really what's driving it. And beyond that, it's just the timing of the actual share repurchases and when they occurred.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Craig Siegenthaler with Crédit Suisse.
Nicholas Karzon - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is actually Nick Karzon for Craig. I guess, first, on the $41 million of efficiency charges, I think I saw $25 million on the pension settlement and $6 million in severance. Can you help us think about which bucket's the remainder -- the remaining $10 million were in?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, they really are spread in the number of categories including occupancy costs, professional fees and other. And much of it relates to the costs associated with the additional branch closures and also some contract renegotiations.
Nicholas Karzon - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, I think you mentioned $15 million to $20 million of onetime charges are included in the fourth quarter guidance. Is that just including efficiency initiative charges or would that -- does that also include some portion of pension settlement as well?
Donald R. Kimble: No, that's primarily the efficiency initiative charges. Not sure how much we would have associated with pension. Since we did trigger that recognition threshold, any lump sum distributions that would occur in the fourth quarter would also trigger an additional loss. But we think it would be much smaller than the year-to-date catch-up that we had for $25 million in the current quarter.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Marty Mosby with Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Beth, I wanting to ask a little bit about the capital ratios. As you've been able to deploy a good portion of your earnings, your capital ratios have actually been able to drift lower. Do you still think you'll be able to continue to kind of push at that level of 90% to 100% of your earnings in total payout going into the foreseeable future?
Beth E. Mooney: Marty, this is Beth, as you asked for. And that would be reflective of trying to have a point of view on what 2014 CCAR guidance and rules and opportunities will be. We've been pleased this year that we were able to, at an analyst average, have an 80% payout as well as the opportunity to return the net after-tax gain of Victory. So you're right, we've had a good year in our ability to return capital to shareholders and that is one of our capital priorities. But I think it is too soon to have a view of what the 2014 CCAR will be. But it is incredibly important to us to continue to look at our dividend and share repurchase and return of capital to our shareholders.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just a follow-up to that. Is there any re kind of composition in the sense that you were a little bit conservative on the dividend and pushed the share repurchase as your stock price was below tangible value. As that flipped going into next year, would you redistribute your priorities between dividends and share repurchase?
Beth E. Mooney: And again, at this point in time, we have not gotten the 2014 CCAR guidance nor started working and formulating our response in terms of what will be the mix that we request for the return to our shareholders. So again, premature, but something obviously that we will look at as we submit our application in January.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then just, lastly, on the -- we've accomplished the efficiency initiative that we started off talking about over 1 year ago. And now, are there follow-through projects that are coming out? What is the focused kind of to start pushing efficiencies initiatives to still get some benefit out of that?
Beth E. Mooney: As we've said, we did realize our $200 million targeted goal. And Don mentioned in his comments, many of those will be fully realized in our run rate in 2014. We do have some initial projects that we are working on and we've also introduced a very robust Lean Six Sigma process into our company to look at end-to-end processes, as well as client experience. So we look at those opportunities and middle office opportunities in terms of how certain transactions and processes are done, as well as we continue to look at, organizationally, how we do things in various areas of the banks that could possibly be done in more efficient ways, as well as continuing to say what in terms of both our staffing, our distribution and how we are aligned and organized can we do to be more effective and efficient.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Marty, it's Chris. The only thing I would add to what Beth has mentioned is this is really a cultural change for us. And so while we haven't quantified it and there's certainly no name to the program, we will continue across all of our businesses to look for efficiencies, and my guess is we'll find some.
Beth E. Mooney: We talk every earnings day to our broader employees after we do this call and that is very much a theme that the highest performing company, this is a way they do business culturally, what they do year in and year out. We think we've gotten a lot of discipline, we've gotten a lot of rigor, we've learned a lot in our ability to meet these objectives. We will continue to expect this of ourselves outside of a named program, but a way, to certainly support our plan for growth, as well as becoming more efficient and productive.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: So then the momentum you feel kind of coming out of this culture change and initiative would make you feel, at least directionally, that you should see further improvements and efficiencies are likely?
Beth E. Mooney: We are requiring that of ourselves.
Operator: And there are no other questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Beth Mooney for closing remarks.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. And we thank you all for taking time from your schedule today to participate in our call. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vernon Patterson or Kelly Dillon at (216) 689-3133. And that concludes our remarks for today. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth E. Mooney - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Council, Chairman of Executive Committee and Chairman of Enterprise Risk Management Committee Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer and Member of Executive Council Christopher Marrott Gorman - Vice Chairman of Keybank National Association and President of Key Corporate Bank William R. Koehler - President of Key Community Bank
Analysts: Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alan Straus Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John V. Moran - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the KeyCorp's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator, and good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Joining me for today's presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer. And available for the Q&A portion of the call are the leaders of Key Corporate Bank and Key Community Bank, Chris Gorman and Bill Koehler. Also joining us for the Q&A discussion are our Chief Risk Officer, Bill Hartmann; and our Treasurer, Joe Vayda. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. Turning now to Slide 3. Our results in the second quarter reflect the clear progress we have made in implementing our growth initiative, improving our cost structure and executing on our capital priorities. Year-over-year, revenue grew for the fifth consecutive quarter with current period results benefiting from our branch and credit card portfolio acquisitions, loan growth and lower funding costs. Revenue trends compared to the first quarter were relatively stable with flat loan balances, with stronger fee income from commercial clients who are taking advantage of favorable capital market conditions. And because of our distinctive model, we were able to capture the economics from these transactions while doing what was right for our clients. During the second quarter, we also continued to invest to drive future revenue growth. We acquired a commercial servicing portfolio and added to our special servicing business. This allows us to leverage our existing platform and meaningfully changes the competitive profile of our commercial loan servicing business, positioning us as the third largest servicer of commercial and multi-family loan and the fifth largest special servicer of CMBS in the United States. The first phase of the transaction closed as expected at the end of June. We've also continued to invest in our online and mobile offerings. In the second quarter, we launched new remote deposit capabilities for both our commercial and consumer clients, which add value and convenience, consistent with changing client preferences. Reducing our cost structure and improving efficiency also remain among our top priorities. From the launch of our expense initiative 1 year ago, we have achieved annual run rate savings of $171 million, a substantial portion of the $200 million target we committed to reach by December of this year. Importantly, reaching our target will be a significant milestone but not an endpoint. We are already identifying new opportunities to both grow revenue and reduce and variabilize our expenses. And as we previously communicated, we expected this quarter to be the high point in terms of charges associated with our efficiency plans. Consistent with our guidance, we incurred charges of $37 million, with a large portion related to the realignment of our Community Bank and the consolidation of 33 branches. In the second half of the year, we have another 14 branches identified for closure, which will bring our total to approximately 7% of our total branch networks. As a result, noninterest expense was down $45 million from the prior year, excluding the charges for our efficiency initiative, as well as costs related to our recent acquisitions of credit card in the Western New York branches. And as Don will discuss, our cash efficiency ratio adjusted for the efficiency charges was 65.4% this quarter, just above the upper end of our near term goal of 60% to 65%. And finally, we continue to manage our capital consistent with our stated priority. During the second quarter, our board approved a 10% increase in our common share dividend, and we executed on our share repurchase program by buying back $112 million in common shares. This is consistent with our 2013 CCAR submission, which places us among the highest in our peer group for estimated payout ratio. And as we look forward, capital management will remain a clear priority. Along with improving our operating leverage, we're both executing on our revenue initiatives and improving our cost structure. Now let me turn the presentation over to Don for some details on our financial results. Don?
Donald R. Kimble: Thank you, Beth. Slide 5 provides highlights from the company's second quarter 2013 results. This morning, we recorded net income from continuing operations of $0.21 per common share for the second quarter, compared to $0.21 for the first quarter of 2013 and $0.23 for the second quarter of 2012. And importantly, as Beth pointed out, we incurred $37 million or $0.03 per share of costs associated with our efficiency initiative this quarter. I'll cover many of these results in my remarks, so I'll now turn to Slide 6. Average total loans for the second quarter were up $70 million or an annualized 1%, compared with the first quarter of 2013, and up $3.3 billion or 7% compared to a year-ago quarter. Loan growth continues to be impacted by cautious client behavior, a competitive environment, and as Beth mentioned, the attractiveness of capital markets alternatives, which are well positioned to deliver to our clients. Our outlook for loan growth remains positive and consistent with our prior guidance of mid-single-digit growth for the year driven by CF&A. Continue with Slide 7. From the liability side of the balance sheet, average deposits, excluding foreign branch balances, were up $1.7 billion for the first quarter and up $4.6 billion from 1 year ago. Deposit growth for the first quarter was primarily due to an increase in demand and interest-bearing commercial deposits, including higher balances from some of Key's larger clients. Compared to the prior year, deposit growth also benefited from Key's acquisition of branches in Western New York. Over the past year, our mix of deposits has significantly changed, with CDs declining and lower-cost transaction accounts increasing 13%. As a result, year-over-year deposit cost declined from 47 to 26 basis points. Turning to Slide 8. Our taxable equivalent net interest income was $586 million for the second quarter compared to $589 million for the first quarter and $544 million for the second quarter 1 year ago. Compared to the second quarter of last year, net interest income increased $42 million or 8% due to growth in average earning assets, which included our recent acquisitions, and an improvement in funding cost. I would also point out in the second quarter of 2012, Key's results reflected the impact of the early termination of leverage leases. These transactions reduced net interest income by $10 million but provided a gain of $31 million in noninterest income, resulting in a net pretax gain of $21 million. For the second quarter, the company's net interest margin was 3.13% compared to 3.24% in the first quarter and 3.06% from the second quarter of last year. As you can see on this slide, the decline in net interest margin from the prior quarter was primarily due to lower earning asset yields and higher-than-expected levels of liquidity resulting from softer-than-anticipated loan demand and higher levels of deposits. The higher level of deposits and as resulting impact on liquidity and investment securities was the primary difference from our prior guidance, as it reduced our margin by approximately 5 basis points. The net interest margin also was impacted by the termination and maturity of $4.4 billion of interest rate swaps that were not replaced as we continue to increase our overall asset sensitivity. Importantly, the use of interest rate swaps provides us with the flexibility to manage and quickly adjust our rate risk position. While Key was a little off with other asset-sensitive banks generally benefit from a rise in both short-term and long-term rates. The duration and characteristics of Key's loan portfolio and also investment portfolio position us to realize more benefit from a rise in the shorter end of the curve. Recognizing that asset yields remain under pressure and given our higher levels of liquidity, we expect net interest margin to experience modest pressure in the range of 1 to 3 basis points per quarter in the second half of the year. We anticipate for the balance of 2013, loan growth will exceed deposit growth, which should result in a relatively stable net interest income. Slide 9 shows a summary of noninterest income, which accounts for approximately 42% of total revenue. Noninterest income in the second quarter was $429 million, up from $425 million in the first quarter, but below the $457 million in the second quarter of last year. Adjusting for the $31 million gain from the leverage lease terminations in the second quarter of 2012, noninterest income would be slightly higher than in the prior year. Additionally, principal investing gains were down year-over-year. Many of our core fee income categories have shown strength through the second quarter. Investment banking and debt placement fees continue to grow and are up 46% on a rolling 4-quarter average basis as we continue to do more business with our commercial clients and win market share. And cards and payment income is up 35% compared to the same period 1 year ago, reflecting our investment in and our focus on payment products, including our reentry into the credit card market during the third quarter of last year. Turning to Slide 10. Noninterest expense for the second quarter was $711 million. The increase was expected and driven by several factors. Importantly, as I mentioned earlier, expenses for the quarter included $37 million in charges related to our efficiency initiative. Compared with the same period last year, expenses increased $18 million. Included in the current period expense, along with the charges for our efficiency initiative of $37 million, were costs of approximately $26 million associated with our 2 acquisitions completed in the third quarter of last year. Excluding these 2 items, expenses for the quarter were $45 million lower than the prior year. Overall, we are seeing the benefits from our expense initiative come through to the bottom line. As Beth commented on earlier, we have captured approximately $171 million in annualized savings as of June 30. During the quarter, we closed 33 more branches and aggressively continued with other efficiency initiative implementation plans. We also incurred additional expense from marketing associated with our spring home equity campaign and for contract programming as we continue to implement new technologies. We continue to expect that expenses will decline to the $680 million to $700 million range by the fourth quarter of this year. Included in this forecast are efficiency initiative charges of approximately $20 million. Turning to Slide 11. Our net charge-off declined to $45 million or 34 basis points of average total loans in the second quarter. Overall, gross charge-off declined and recoveries remained strong. Total commercial loan charge-offs remained low at 5 basis points of average loans. The breakdown of asset quality by loan portfolio is shown on Slide 18 in the appendix. We anticipate that net charge-offs will remain at or below the lower end of our targeted range for the balance of the current year and for provision expense to be near the same level. At June 30, 2013, our reserve for loan losses represented 1.65% of period-end loans and 134% coverage of nonperforming loans. And turning to Slide 12. Our tangible common equity ratio and our estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio both remained strong as of the end of the quarter at 9.96% and 11.2% -- 11.25%, respectively. Earlier this month, regulators approved the final rule for implementing the Basel III regulatory capital standards. The mandatory compliance date for Key begins in January of 2015 with transitional provisions extending to January of 2019. Our current estimate of Tier 1 common equity as calculated under the final rule was 10.8%, which exceeds the fully phased-in minimum requirement. As Beth mentioned, during the second quarter, we also repurchased $112 million or 10.8 million shares of common stock. And the board increased our common dividend 10% to $0.055 per share. We also expect the Victory divestiture to close during the third quarter. The after-tax realized gain, which was originally estimated to be $145 million to $155 million, is now expected to be in the range of $100 million to $115 million. We anticipate the cash portion of the gain to be between $75 million and $90 million. The difference from the original estimate is due to higher-than-expected client attrition that has taken place during the consent process, which is difficult to predict. Key has received no objection from the Federal Reserve to use the cash portion of the gain for common share repurchases. The remaining amount of the gain is expected to be considered in our 2014 CCAR submission. That concludes our remarks, and now I will turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Let's begin with Steve Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm curious. On the expenses with $171 million of the cost saves already in the run rate at the midpoint of the year, is this a function of getting to the $200 million in targeted cost saves more quickly? Because I thought originally you were saying more of this is going to come in the back half of the year. Or is it a function of the opportunity for cost saves potentially being above $200 million?
Donald R. Kimble: Steve, this is Don. And as far as our cost save projection, you are right. $171 million is probably earlier than what we would have initially expected. We are very focused on delivering against our plan. I think that it's important to note that even once we achieve this, this is more of a milestone as opposed to the endgame. And we do believe that once we implement our initiatives to achieve the $200 million, we'll continue to be looking for additional opportunities to improve the overall efficiency of the company.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Just one separate question, on the sale of Victory, Don, could you review again why is the gain now estimated $40 million to $45 million lower? And then could you just review again the timing of when you expect to buy back the stock related to the cash portion of the gain?
Donald R. Kimble: Sure. The reason for the lower amount of gain is that throughout any sale of an asset manager, there is a consent process that occurs. And during the time period, the customers have the ability to consent to the transfer or not. We have seen greater attrition from that process than what we would have expected, which is resulting in a lower gain for us. Our expectation is the transaction will close here in the third quarter, and then we can initiate share repurchases once the transaction's closed equivalent to the cash portion of the gain.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So the buyback's in 3Q for this?
Donald R. Kimble: That would be our expectation as far as timing, yes.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bob Ramsey with FBR.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I just -- or maybe I wanted to follow up a little bit on the buyback to be sure I'm thinking about it the right way. If you all have approval for $426 million plus the $75 million to $90 million from Victory less the $112 million you did this quarter, rough math tells me you've got about $390 million left over the next 3 quarters. Should we think about that -- one, is that right? And then two, should we think about that equally distributed over the next 3 quarters? Or will you do the Victory piece sooner since you'll have that gain in the third quarter?
Donald R. Kimble: A couple of minor tweaks. One is that the $112 million did include some share repurchases associated with some employee benefit plans. And so the net number for the current quarter was about $103 million. And so that would be the portion that will be tied up against the $426 million of total purchases. Generally, it is fairly consistent throughout the 4 quarters. The timing of the Victory purchase would probably be more accelerated than spread out throughout the rest of the year.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, great, that's helpful. And then just a couple of follow-up questions on the guidance you gave. I think you've said provision should be near the same levels on the back half year. I was just curious if that's the same level as this quarter or the same level as the first half of the year.
Donald R. Kimble: Good clarification question, that is our guidance would be more equivalent to the charge-off level so that we will not be anticipating changes and provision being significantly different than charge-offs.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, I got you. And then also, I think you gave expense guidance, but I missed. It was $670 million to, I think, you said $690 million including efficiency charges, but I couldn't quite catch that number.
Donald R. Kimble: The number was $680 million to $700 million and including about $20 million of onetime charges.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to ask Steven's question another way on the expense side. As we look out to 2014, do we think of the run rate, quarterly run rate for next year sort of that $680 million to $700 million range minus the $20 million of inefficiency charges? And if so, if that's the right base, are you growing core expenses from there? Or is the message that maybe additional savings will offset any investments back into the business?
Donald R. Kimble: Erika, this is Don. And as far as the outlook into '14, we really haven't provided guidance out into that range yet. But I would suggest that we are going to continue to focus on efficiency improvements beyond achievement of the $200 million. And we would expect to be able to utilize some of those savings for further investments in the business to drive growth. And so as we start to wrap up our outlook for next year, we'll provide more guidance on that.
Beth E. Mooney: Erika, this is Beth Mooney. I would just add that as we have -- are obviously closing in on that $200 million target, which we have done at a quicker pace than I think we would have anticipated a year ago with a lot of focus and energy by our teams. We've been intentional in talking about efficiency ratio because I think that's important that you recognize that we are focused on what we can do to both drive revenue, as well as lower our cost and variabilize our cost base and also focus on including [ph] an operating leverage through these investments, the strategic things we do within our businesses.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And just a question on Slide 8, given that this has been a big topic among the investor community. The 2.5% increase in annual NII, I mean the 200 basis point rate simulation, is that a parallel increase across the curve or is that just a short end? And also could you give us a sense of what you're assuming in terms of spread compression and deposit runoff in that scenario?
Donald R. Kimble: As far as the assumption, it's a 200 basis point increase over the 12-month period on a consistent basis across the curve as opposed to one and/or the other. And as far as deposit compression, we do have assumptions as far as the level of participation in our deposit rates going up in this rate environment. I would suggest that we believe that the market will probably underperform that, meaning that the rates will probably go up on the deposit side slower than what we generally think our models would include.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And on the spread side, on the loan side, given your comments on deposits, do you think that spread tightening, that could follow an increase in benchmark rates and also slow?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. Our model would assume, at this point in time, keeping spreads in a general same range as what we're seeing today, which is probably about 25 basis points lower than what we were seeing a year ago. So we have not anticipated further compression beyond that at this point.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jennifer Demba from SunTrust Robinson.
Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just wondering if you could give us some color on what your customers are -- current customers are acting these days given you only had sort of stable loan growth on a linked quarter basis. What's your feeling -- what are you seeing and what's your feeling on the economic improvement in the pace?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure. Jennifer, this is Chris Gorman speaking. What we're seeing on the part of our clients is they're cautious. Their businesses are performing well, but one of the -- I think one of the real telling points of the cautiousness is we're not seeing really a pickup in utilization, but we continue to see, for example, very strong deposit growth, which I think is kind of one of the things I would point to. The cautiousness, obviously, relates around just some of the uncertainty, the 1-or-so percent GDP growth that we're seeing. So I think they're fairly cautious, but at the same point, I think they're all performing fairly well. So that's what we're seeing from our clients.
William R. Koehler: Okay. Jennifer, this is Bill Koehler. The only thing I would add to that, as you can imagine in the Community Bank where we're focusing on smaller companies, they feel a little more susceptible to potential changes in Affordable Care Act, any lingering effects from sequestration because their businesses just aren't as broad and diversified as some of the larger corporate kinds we have. So you can imagine that they are very careful about how they're choosing to invest right now.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Josh Levin with Citi.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Your shares have run up quite a bit and I was wondering, as you think about your CCAR for the remainder of the year, does the share price appreciation affect how you think about buying back shares?
Donald R. Kimble: We do, on an ongoing basis, evaluate our share repurchase activity based on price and overall return. But I would say at this point that we still believe it's appropriate for us to continue to purchase Key shares and are very excited about the opportunity to deploy capital in that way.
Beth E. Mooney: And Josh, this is Beth Mooney. I would just underscore that I continue to believe even at these prices, our shares are an attractive purchase and return of capital to our shareholders.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And going back to the loan growth, I think when we came into the year, I think Key and your competitors, you all sounded pretty optimistic about loan growth picking up in the second half of the year. But now it sounds like you and your peers are all sort of dialing back expectations for loan growth for the second half of the year. What's changed? I mean, why are your consumer -- your customers less confident now than they might have been, say, 6 months ago?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Josh, this is Chris Gorman speaking. I think all the things I just mentioned, I think, clearly impact our customers. The other thing about our business model that impacts our loan growth is we, depending on what the market is, we have competition not only from other banks that are very competitive from a perspective of price, structure, tenor, limits, but we also have competition from other capital sources. So for example, in our real estate business in the first half of the year, we raised a total of $18 billion of capital, but very little of that actually hit our balance sheet because we were placing that capital elsewhere acting as agent not as principal. Now the interesting thing that could happen is we get these changes in interest rates when you think about the steepness of the curve and you think about what's going on with interest rates. Some of that, as we go forward, some of our clients may elect the best option may be to put it on our balance sheet going forward. So there's really a lot of puts and takes. There's been a ton of liquidity just across all markets. And when it's right and it fits our moderate risk profile, we clearly are putting it on the books. But other times, we're actually looking for other people to provide other types of securities.
William R. Koehler: Josh, I would only add -- this is Bill. If you look at the economic data, it's been relatively volatile month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter in terms of inventory build or inventory drawdown. If you look at rates, the comments that have come out by the Fed and the impact that has on rates, that only creates uncertainty in the market that our clients are reacting to and trying to figure out how to invest against.
Beth E. Mooney: But, Josh, we do feel good about our mid-single-digit guidance for year-end our loan growth.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just perhaps a question for Chris and Beth. I just want to follow up on the commercial servicing, in part the purchases that you announced. One is basically given what we've seen in terms of commercial loan growth, so to speak over, say, the past 4 quarters, I would have expected to see a little bit more transparency in terms of the growth in that business given your position. And then secondly, based on the purchases at this point in the expected close, how should we think about kind of the potential revenue capture there, as well as the offset in terms of expenses?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Todd, it's Chris. Let me give you kind of an overview. As Beth mentioned in her initial remarks, this was a very important acquisition for us because it made us the #3 servicer of CMBS, but it also made us the #5 special servicer. And as we think through the cycle and you think to the next real estate cycle, we initially actually thought we would be named special servicer on 47 billion. As it's turned out, because there are a lot of moving pieces, we're actually named special servicer on 52.4 billion. In terms of the conversion, it's right on target. We converted the first 3,900 loans on the 24th of June, and we picked up about $700 million in deposit. So we did give some clarity on that. We also, this weekend, will convert another batch of loans that will represent $300 million in deposits. We've never given a lot of numbers around it. One of the things I will share with you though is you can imagine what the change in interest rates if you look at the MSRs. While we liked the deal initially, kind of the 2 things that have happened to the positive is, a, we're executing on time. And the next, the other thing is we have a little -- we have more in terms of special servicing. And lastly, with the change in interest rates, obviously, that has an impact on the value of the MSRs.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And then as I combine that with the sale of Victory, for example, which I know the impact is not significantly material. But as I take a step back and think about this purchase and how significant it is, I would suspect that as you look towards the back half of the year that, Beth, you would expect to be able to grow revenue year-over-year at relatively a healthy pace, so to speak.
Beth E. Mooney: Well, Todd, as you've seen, I think we have done a variety of things to both invest in our businesses as well as make sure we're supporting our organic growth to acquire and deepen client relationship. This particular acquisition I do think both brings in stable funding, as Chris outlined, about $1 billion of incremental deposits. It is a market where scale matters. And moving to #3 servicer, we think, puts us in a position to be in good stead for whatever activity is out there in the CMBS market in terms of new issuance, as well as fee income out of special servicing. And as we look at Victory, it did not align with our relationship strategy. We continue to think strategically that it is a good move and that Key was not the best owner for that asset. And they'll look forward to doing a lot of things of the gain proceeds, particularly the cash portion we expect to realize in the quarter to return that capital to our shareholders.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: The commercial servicing platform acquisition, how much did that add in the second quarter for revenues and expenses and earnings?
Donald R. Kimble: Mike, this is Don. They really did not add a whole lot to the closing of that initial phase as late in June. So we'd see more of the benefit from that going into the third quarter.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Can you size that a little bit?
Donald R. Kimble: Now that we've provided much detail there that again, it's going to be both in the form of deposits and also some fee income. And we would not provide any additional clarity there.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. And the margin going down a couple basis points for the rest of the year, what's the impact of the $3 billion of CDs that are maturing for the next 2 quarters? And then you have another $3 billion next year. I guess that's offset by the pressure on the asset yields. Can you elaborate?
Donald R. Kimble: I sure can. No, as we've said, we were down 11 basis points this quarter, but 5 of that came from excess liquidity. And also 2 basis points came from reduction of our swaps. And so we don't believe that either one of those will be negative nearly to the same extent that we experienced this quarter. As far as loan yields, they were down 6 basis points in the current quarter. About 2 basis points of that was related to loan fees, which tend to be a little difficult to predict as far as the timing of those. And so normal core loan yields were down about 4 bps. Then we would expect the deposit repricing to add about 2 basis points back to the margin as we see some of those higher-cost CDs mature. And so the net of those, of the 4 basis point decline in the earning assets and the 2 basis point improvement in the cost of funds is really how we get to that 1 to 3 basis point outlook per quarter going forward.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: And then my main question relates to the growth initiatives. Don, you're -- I guess this is the first call you've been on as CFO. And it'd be great to hear about your philosophy for controlling expenses, improving efficiency. Beth, I know you said this is a milestone, not a stopping point for your efficiency targets. What's the plan ahead? When do you guys meet? I guess you probably have budget planning meetings later this year. Can you give us some sense of the ultimate target? And I'll just note, I mean the expense guidance you gave for yearend, on a core basis, it looks like not a lot of these expenses are hitting the bottom line. So just any color you can give.
Donald R. Kimble: Mike, this is Don. And you're right, this is my first call. It's day 45 today, so still learning as we go here. But I think the approach that we're using here is very appropriate, that we are keenly focused on driving positive operating leverage and driving improved efficiency for the company. As far as how I think that we're going to see that improvement efficiency come through, it's really from 4 levers. One is executing against our existing plan and making sure that we deliver that to the bottom line. And then from that point forward, showing a continued discipline to make sure that we remain focused on additional efficiency improvements, not necessarily having stated targets of $200 million here or $150 million there, but driving this is as a part of the core culture of the organization. Second, we need to get more productivity from our existing resources. And that's both people and also our distribution and technology. And so that will help drive some of the efficiency for us as well. Right now, our third item is our balance sheet efficiency. We're at 84% loan-to-deposit ratio. That is a real drag on us as far as the overall efficiency ratio and margin. And we need to see improvement in that going forward. And some of that improvement will come from the additional productivity I just talked about. And the fourth component is interest rates. Just like every other bank in the country, these low rates are painful as it relates to our margin and also our efficiency ratio. And when we think that returning to more normal rates will drive our efficiency ratio down somewhere between 300 and 400 basis points. And so that will be a big plus for us. So this isn't an endgame as far as our $200 million of cost saves. It's just the start of a foundation, and the team around here is very focused on delivering it. We have weekly meetings, and it doesn't go by without each of those meetings talking about some of the initiatives that we're taking on and the success that we are as far as executing against it. And contrary to what you said, I would believe that we are showing this drop to the bottom line. In the second quarter, what we've demonstrated that we got a $45 million improvement in expenses year-over-year backing up the impact of our acquisitions and these onetime cost. So that, on an annualized basis, was $180 million. And that's real money for us. And we think that we will deliver existing future improvement from that as well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is Bryan Batory from Ken's team. I was wondering if you guys could us a sense of just timing for how the remaining swap portfolio rolls off and what the asset sensitivity profile would look like without the swap portfolio.
Donald R. Kimble: Sure. We had, as of the end of the first quarter, about $20 billion in interest rate swaps. About $15 billion of that was related to our asset liability management. That dropped by $4.4 billion this quarter. And so as far as those that are usually -- are used to hedge our loan book, it's down to about $11 billion. The average life of that is 2.3 years. And for that $11 billion to come off the balance sheet, it would probably take that 2.5% asset sensitivity all the way up to about 8% would be my best guess. So it's a meaningful impact to overall asset sensitivity.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just one quick one for Chris. Can you just give us a little bit of color on what the investment banking pipeline looks like relative to last quarter and the same quarter last year?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Yes. Bryan, as we look at it, the investment banking pipeline, as we look year-over-year, is stronger than it was at this time a year ago. So assuming -- what's interesting about our business model is when all the markets are working perfectly, it's not as -- it's harder for us than when you get some volatility as we've had in this market, because our business model enables us to go from one type of financing to the other. So -- and then, of course, we go to market with senior-level people talking to these middle-market companies. So our pipelines are up from a year ago. And actually, some of the turbulence that we've experienced in the market since the beginning of May is actually in many ways helpful to us.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Marty Mosby with Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the asset sensitivity and the increase of that sensitivity about 25% from a 2% hit to a 2.5% advantage in the sense of you increasing that asset sensitivity. Was that in line with where rates were back in the second quarter? Do you feel like you're going to continue, like you said, if the swaps run off, that number would explode up to 8%? Are you going to manage that at this level? Or are you going to kind of think about increasing asset sensitivity? Or do you have enough of a yield curve to start using some of that now?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, Marty, this is Don. And as far as the asset sensitivity on an organic basis, our balance sheet will migrate to much more asset-sensitive over time. We do believe that we're going to be conservative in how we position the balance sheet. That if you would've asked me 3 years ago where rates were going, they were going nowhere but up. And I've been wrong since then. So I don't like taking big bets. But we could see that asset sensitivity drift up a little bit. Our expectation is over the next, say, 18 months, we would start to see some of the short end of the curve maybe move up as well. And so we'd like to be in a position to better benefit from that. I think that the one advantage that we do have is given the relative size of that swap portfolio, we have the ability to shift our asset sensitivity much quicker than many of our peers. And so we think that we have a lever there that we can pull to be much more responsive to that overall effort. Keep in mind too that, that swap book has a fairly short life. And our investment portfolio is fairly short in duration as well, but it's at 3.2 years even with rates going up. And so we intentionally manage the balance sheet so that we can capture the benefit of those rate increases fairly quickly.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then, Beth, just a follow-up question on the efficiency ratio. If you finish out the $200 million, under my estimate, it would add -- improve your efficiency ratio by another 2 percentage points, down to around 63, which puts you right in the middle of your range. So going forward, I know you're still kind of talking or gauging it, but when the momentum, if you can get some revenue growth and start to see some of the other things, loan growth coming back, would you still feel like you would migrate towards the maybe lower end of that range over the next couple years?
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Marty, this is Beth. As you've correctly noted, part of what we committed when we unveiled this a year ago was that our intent was to be within a near term target of 65% on our efficiency ratio, and that we would achieve that target by the first quarter of 2014. As the time in the intervening quarters has played out, we have realized our expense savings faster than we would have thought a year ago. And I think you're seeing evidence of that as we are now already at the upper end of that 60% to 65%. As we go into next year and we finalize our plans, and as Don said, we are instituting this notion of continuous improvement and the cultural change in terms of how we drive not only our cost structure but our productivity. Those are the sorts of things that will drive further improvement within that range. So I would tell you that with revenue momentum, with productivity, with cost efficiencies, we are very much top of mind that 60% to 65% is a near term target and that we believe clearly, obviously, we're on a path to meet our commitment of being there by the first quarter of 2014.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Beth, when you look at your Tier 1 common ratio, obviously it's very strong under the Basel III interpretation. Now that we have that, and you folks are not obviously in the top 8 banks, what kind of Tier 1 common ratio are you comfortable running at since you're going to be required to hold 7? Maybe there's a small SIFI buffer of 25 basis points that will be assessed to KeyCorp. But what number do you think is a comfortable level as you go forward?
Beth E. Mooney: Well, Gerard, I'm going to also let Don augment my answer here. I will tell you that clearly at 10.8 is our estimate, if you were to phase in the Basel III rules as they've been released, we well exceed the 7% floor, as well as any SIFI buffer that would be appropriate. I think we've always talked about our capital as both currently having an opportunity to continue to return to our shareholders what is more than needed even with a phase-in of the rules. But we would also talk in terms that we would also always want to have our own operating buffer for a variety of reasons as well. So we are well positioned. I think Key is -- continues to be purely [ph] in its capital levels, which includes a lot of flexibility for us in the future as we go through our plans. But I'm going to let Don talk a little more about his thought into the ranges.
Donald R. Kimble: Sure, Gerard. And I think that we do have one piece of the puzzle has been solved for us with the new rules. I would say that, that's only one component. So we really haven't stated what our objectives are as far as long-term capital position publicly. One of the other variables that does impact that is the stress test. And I think the stress test will probably result in larger buffers than what's publicly stated as part of Basel III. And so we just need to make sure that we continue to understand what the impact is there and what level of capital that we feel comfortable operating at beyond that. I will tell you that we all believe that our capital position is very strong and with the position that it's in at this point, that we do have the ability to continue to return levels of earnings to the shareholders that are probably in excess of our peers just because we do believe that we're operating from a position of strength at this point.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Do you guys expect to publicly disclose to us at some point what those levels will be when you take into account CCAR so the market will know that you're very comfortable at an 8.5% number or whatever it is?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. We will disclose at some point in time more guidance. But I don't know -- I wouldn't want to project the timing of that at this point.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up to all of this, if your buyback -- obviously you received approval from CCAR. Would you guys use a special dividend as a way of accelerating the return of capital to shareholders if you thought your stock price did get too high?
Donald R. Kimble: My understanding, and I haven't reviewed this since I've been here, but my understanding is that the non-objection relates to a cash dividend component and then also to a share buyback and that the share buyback cannot be substituted for a onetime cash dividend.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: No, no, I agree. But going forward for '14 and '15, you sit down and think about what you want to apply for. Philosophically, you guys think about a special dividend because I see your capital is going to be accumulating, if growth remains modest, very rapidly. And would you consider that as an alternative for giving it back to shareholders?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. With our 80% combined payout, if you look at the total payout compared to the Street consensus at the time that the CCAR was announced, that should translate to us continuing to leverage our capital position. You can see in the last quarter that we did see slight declines in some of our capital ratios. And it would be difficult for me to speculate what might be available to us under CCAR 2014. So I'll go silent at this point.
Beth E. Mooney: And Gerard, I would just add, as you know that [indiscernible] there usually is more insight into what will create acceptable plans. And it's really too soon to have any visibility into that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from Alan Straus with Schroders investment firm.
Alan Straus: I think you did a good job controlling what you can control in this environment. When your customers don't want to borrow money, you don't want to just make bad loans. But could you comment on the mortgage servicing business? Do you see any ability to get some loans out of those customers? Or is this really more just servicing and gaining deposits?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So, Alan, it's Chris. There's -- we have -- there is an opportunity when you service loans to convert some of those into borrowing customers. Candidly, in the past, we have not been real successful in doing that. Basically, the economics stand on their own in terms of servicing rights. Well, I think the more interesting opportunity is this whole notion of this big pool where we're named special servicer. And as named special servicer, these will be loans that need to be restructured, Alan, where we don't have any capital, but we can be the solution to the problem without having any exposure to it. That, I think, is even a better -- a more interesting opportunity as we look forward.
Beth E. Mooney: Special servicing drives fee income so that you get paid for the various activities. So it is an interesting book to continue to build special servicing rights.
Donald R. Kimble: And for example, you could raise junior capital, et cetera.
Alan Straus: Right. I mean, your investment back should be teed up or are you hiring there in the investment bank on the special servicing side?
Donald R. Kimble: Well, Alan, we haven't hired on the special servicing side per se, but we clearly have ramped up on our real estate investment banking side over the last several years, including hiring people that are experts in raising private capital. In the real estate business, it's often called JVs. But we have a whole team of people that raise noncontrolled junior capital for developers. So the answer is yes.
Beth E. Mooney: And Alan, I would just add, one of the things, as we look at these various things, they create opportunity for us to leverage what we think is a very distinctive platform. So we have the capacity to do a number of these things without necessarily having to increase headcount as it goes back to this notion of how to think about efficiency that Don outlined, that it's not just efficiency in cost, but it's efficiency of your balance sheet and efficiency of your platform that we can put more throughput in it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Foran with Autonomous Research.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP: I guess -- Don, I apologize. I guess I'm probably going to screw up this description. But your old -- in your old role a couple years ago, there was a swap transaction where, if I understand it right, that the benefit was kind of pulled forward. There was a stair step down and the life was shortened and you end up more asset-sensitive at the end. But the benefit of the swap income kind of shortens up. Can you just remind us, when you talk about levers you can pull on swaps, is that something that's always available or was that transaction kind of unique to that point in time?
Donald R. Kimble: That transaction was not unique. It was basically terminating swaps early. And then you can go back in and enter into new swaps over a longer duration. So we did terminate some swaps early this quarter. That of the $4.4 billion, I believe $2.5 billion were early terminations or thereabouts. And we decided not to go back in and enter into new swaps. And so we allow the asset sensitivity to increase as a result of that. And by being more proactive, I think it's much easier for us to reposition our asset sensitivity by managing the overall swap book than it is for any other asset class on the balance sheet. So for instance, you can get more asset-sensitive by selling out of your investment portfolio. But that will result in a gain or loss on the security. And then you have to figure out what to do with those proceeds. On the swaps, you can just go ahead and terminate those, and that automatically switches your balance sheet to being more asset-sensitive. And so that's why I think that we're fortunate here in the way that Key has positioned its overall balance sheet and interest rate position to be able to leverage that swap book a little bit more disproportionately than many of our peers might be able to.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP: And you touched briefly on it, but do you have a strong view right now on when rates are likely to go up? Or is it more just you felt there was no way rates were going down from where they were back in April and May?
Donald R. Kimble: Brian, I hope you have somebody with a better crystal ball than I do at this point because I think that we do believe that rates are going to go up at some point in time. But right now, I wouldn't see that occurring in '13 on the short end of the curve or even the first half of '14. And that will be my personal expectation, but we'll wait and see how things play out here over the next couple quarters.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Terry McEvoy with Oppenheimer & Co.
Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: A question for Beth. Beyond closing branches, can you talk about the realignment of the Community Bank? Was the decision more than just finding a way to cut costs? And any early data on customer attrition and does it give you more confidence or less confidence on continuing to look at the opportunity to close branches?
Beth E. Mooney: Terry, I'll also let Bill Koehler, the President of our Community Bank, add to some of my comments. But as it relates to branch closures, based on what we have accomplished and will through the balance of the year, it will be about a 7% of our branches. And what we've identified in these branches tend to be low profitability, low traffic count. And as we have closed and/or consolidated and many of them are near another branch of service, we have experienced very little attrition, well below what we would have expected when we modeled this a year ago. So it does give us confidence that -- and as we rationalize both our ATM natural net ranges that this could be done in a way that is helpful to our cost initiatives, our efficiency, without material client impact. And then with that, I'm going to let Bill Koehler just give a couple headlines about what was done in the broader Community Bank alignment, where both will make us more efficient, more productive and more focused.
William R. Koehler: Terry, this is Bill. The realignment was really focused around 2 things. Obviously efficiency, but more importantly, putting our teams in a better position to drive revenue growth through more focused execution of better defined strategies. So to the -- so part of that related to creating one fully integrated national consumer franchise where we could focus our teams on more consistent sales execution throughout the platform. And we think there's an opportunity to grow revenue there. And the second was around refining our go-to-market strategies and value proposition with respect to little market business banking and private banking. And there, it's very much about identifying those clients who tend to typically be privately owned businesses, their owners, their employees, and finding ways to target our broad capabilities in a more relevant way to those clients to drive better growth.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just one follow-up from a question from earlier. I guess, Beth or Don, when I look at the capital position now, you're at 10.8% Tier 1 common under Basel III. And someone mentioned this morning that they think that we could see a fairly decent pickup in M&A in 2014, as we start to get a lot of the new regulations moving into place. So I guess my question would be given that you've shown in the past the willingness to be acquisitive, do you agree with that view that we could see a pickup across the industry? And what is your appetite given -- to do deals given the strong capital position?
Beth E. Mooney: Ryan, this is Beth. We've always said that I think our capital priority has been fully stated, that our capital is and does create advantage and opportunity for us. It's obviously been able to support our organic growth platform, it has been able to [indiscernible] dividend and share repurchase in order to return capital to our shareholders. And then it also creates and has been able to assist us as we've opportunistically over the last year or so done a variety of acquisitions to augment product capabilities, add to geographies and definitely [ph] create our scale and presence in the commercial servicing markets. But with that, I think this is another crystal ball question as to when M&A will actually and actively pick up. I think as we have gone through the last couple years, it has been a pretty muted market and most transactions have been for very particular reasons. We have said that with our geographic franchise as well as our differentiated platforms that we could be opportunistic and would evaluate if things are additive to our business model, if they are additive to our client relationship philosophy and that they are good for our shareholders. So as this, too, unrolls and unveils, know that we would be opportunistic. But I've also always said very, very disciplined that it has to fit our business model to be good for our shareholders.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And just in case I missed it earlier in the call. In the 1 to 3 basis points of quarterly NIM compression, is there an assumption that you will be redeploying some of the higher liquidity that you talked about earlier in the call?
Donald R. Kimble: The assumption is modest. What we did say in the call was that we expected loan growth to exceed deposit growth. And so there would be some implication there that we would see some of that liquidity being used but that we're not reliant solely on that.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from John Moran with Macquarie Capital.
John V. Moran - Macquarie Research: Really the last thing that I have left on the list here is just kind of circling back on the OpEx guidance. Don, just wanted to make sure that, that guidance is inclusive of any incremental cost on the commercial servicing deal.
Beth E. Mooney: That is. That's correct.
John V. Moran - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then the $20 million in charges on the efficiency program, we would expect to see $20 million in both third quarter and fourth quarter or is that only -- are you only talking about third quarter there?
Donald R. Kimble: That $20 million is really more a reflection of what our fourth quarter forecast would have shown, but it wouldn't be out of line for third quarter as well.
Operator: And I'd like to turn it back to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. And again, thank you, all, for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. And if you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vern Patterson or Kelly Dillon at (216) 689-3133. That concludes our remarks. And thank you, operator.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth E. Mooney - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Enterprise Risk Management Committee and Member of Executive Council Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Member of Executive Council Christopher Marrott Gorman - President of Key Corporate Bank and Vice Chairman of Keybank National Association William R. Koehler - President of Key Community Bank William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Member of Enterprise Risk Management Committee and Member Executive Council
Analysts: Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Nicholas Karzon - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jessica Ribner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division John V. Moran - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Beth Mooney, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator, and good morning, and let me add my welcome to KeyCorp's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for today's presentation is Jeff Weeden, our Chief Financial Officer. And available for the Q&A portion of the call are the leaders of Key Corporate Bank and Key Community Bank, Chris Gorman and Bill Koehler. Also joining us for the Q&A discussion, our Chief Risk Officer, Bill Hartmann; and our Treasurer, Joe Vayda. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call today. Slide 3 shows some of the highlights of our first quarter results. There are 3 important takeaways this quarter. First, our business model is producing results and positions us well in the current environment and beyond. Second, we are becoming a more efficient company, and our expense initiative continues to show traction and gain momentum. And third, our shareholders are benefiting from our disciplined approach to capital management. Let me start with our business model. In the current environment of economic uncertainty and excess liquidity, we are seeing more competition for lending opportunities. In some cases, this is leading to more aggressive behavior from competitors, be it on price, terms or other structural considerations. At Key, we have remained disciplined, and we are relying on our value-added, relationship-based approach to win new business, expand relationships with existing clients and generate robust fee income to go with our strong C&I performance. We are confident that we are well positioned to grow and take share in our targeted markets. In the first quarter, average loan balances were up 6% from the same quarter last year. And within that, the exit portfolio continued to run off and average C&I loans grew 16%. While our loan growth has been a positive story, we did see clients remain cautious in regards to the overall strength of the economy, particularly towards the end of the quarter. Second, on efficiency. We continue to deliver on our commitment to reduce expenses and move our efficiency ratio to the 60% to 65% range. Through the first quarter, we have realized annualized run rate savings of $105 million against our targeted goal of $200 million in expense savings. It is our expectation that we will continue to incur costs related to our initiative, especially in the first half of the year, and we would expect this to impact our second quarter expense levels. Overall, our plans to deliver these savings are right on track, and by the first quarter of next year, we expect to be within our targeted efficiency range. And it's important to note that this is not an endpoint, but an important milestone for Key. We are already working hard to identify new revenue and expense opportunities that can improve our efficiency ratio even further and deliver positive operating leverage. And third, as we have said before, how we deploy our capital will be one of the most important decisions we make. As part of our disciplined approach to capital management, we have continued to actively manage our businesses to focus on our best growth opportunities. We also identify businesses that do not fit our relationship-based strategy and would not be the best place to continue to make ongoing investments. And as an example, in the first quarter, we announced the sale of Victory Capital Management, and we are requesting a no objection from our regulators to return the net after-tax gain to our shareholders through share repurchase. In addition to actively managing our business portfolio, we repurchased $65 million in common shares in the first quarter. And over the next 4 quarters, we expect to return a significant portion of our net income to shareholders through the capital actions we announced last month at the conclusion of the CCAR process. Our plan, which received no objection from the Federal Reserve, included a stock repurchase program of up to $426 million, which our board has approved, and a 10% increase in the quarterly common stock dividend, which the board will consider at its regular May meeting. Slide 4 highlights our 2013 priorities, which have been consistent areas of focus. They include continuing to leverage our business model, taking advantage of our competitive position in the market, improving our efficiency and remaining disciplined in the way we manage our capital. We believe that by executing on these priorities, we can continue to grow, take share and deliver long-term value to our shareholders. Now let me turn the presentation over to Jeff for some details on our first quarter results. Jeff?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Thank you, Beth. Slide 6 provides a summary of the company's first quarter 2013 results from continuing operations. During the first quarter, and for all periods presented, we moved Victory Capital Management to discontinued operations due to the pending sale, which is scheduled for the third quarter. As we reported this morning, the company earned a net profit from continuing operations of $0.21 per common share for the first quarter compared to $0.20 for both the fourth quarter and the first quarters of 2012. Before moving to the more detailed discussion surrounding the quarterly results on the following slides, I would note that seasonality does come into play when looking at our first quarter versus our fourth quarter, and as a result, we will also make reference, when appropriate, to the same period last year for comparison purposes. Now turning to Slide 7. Average total loans for the first quarter were up $767 million or 1.5% unannualized compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. And compared to the first quarter of 2012, average total loans were up $3.2 billion or 6.5%. During the first quarter of 2013, commercial clients were somewhat cautious following the very strong demand we experienced in the fourth quarter of last year. We also saw normal seasonal activity with respect to consumer lending in the first quarter as consumers paid down their debt they drew on last year, along with normal amortization of loans in our exit portfolios. As Chris Gorman and Bill Koehler can comment on later, our commercial loan pipeline still remains solid, and we are fully engaged in our spring borrowing campaign on the consumer side. Last quarter, we provided an outlook of the average total loan growth for 2013 in the mid to upper single-digit area. And today, we still anticipate average total loan growth for the year in the mid single-digit area, led by strong commercial lending. Continuing to Slide 8. On the liability side of the balance sheet, average deposits, excluding foreign branch balances, were up $120 million from the fourth quarter and up $4.3 billion from 1 year ago. During the first quarter, we believe we experienced the same trend as the industry, with deposits declining in January and then coming back in the latter part of the quarter. Over the past year, our mix of deposits has significantly changed, with CDs declining and lower-cost transaction accounts increasing over 14% from 1 year ago. As a result, our deposit costs declined to 29 basis points for the first quarter of 2013. Turning to Slide 9. For the first quarter of 2013, the company's net interest margin was 3.24% compared to 3.37% for the fourth quarter and 3.16% for the first quarter of 2012. The net interest margin declined more than expected during the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. Back in January, during our fourth quarter earnings call, we anticipated the margin declining to the 3.30% area for the first quarter as a result of approximately 4 basis points of onetime benefits in our fourth quarter numbers and normal downward repricing pressure on assets. Our actual margin declined to 3.24% as a result of not only these anticipated items, but also from higher-than-expected levels of short-term investment securities resulting from softer loan demand than anticipated, higher levels of deposits and a change in mix of funding. We deployed some of this excess liquidity in the form of added investment securities late in the quarter, which should benefit net interest income next quarter, but this will continue to place some degree of pressure on the net interest margin. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $589 million for the first quarter compared to $607 million for the fourth quarter and $559 million for the first quarter 1 year ago. Compared to the first quarter of last year, net interest income increased $30 million or 5.4% due to both growth in average earning assets and an improvement in the net interest margin as funding costs declined. Compared to the fourth quarter, net interest income declined $18 million due to 2 fewer accrual days and a decline in the net interest margin from asset repricing and higher levels of short-term investments, more than offsetting the overall increase in average earning assets. Our current expectation, given the outlook for little change in interest rates, is for the net interest margin to trend lower from the first quarter level throughout 2013. We anticipate the net interest margin to decline by approximately 4 to 7 basis points in the second quarter and continue with modest pressure in the 1 to 3 basis point area per quarter in the second half of the year. We do have $750 million of debt maturing in May, with some additional benefit coming from CD repricing. However, we also recognize that asset yields remain under pressure, and we have higher levels of liquidity as clients remain cautious in committing their capital. We anticipate average earning assets for the balance of 2013 to be in the range of $74 billion to $76 billion. Non-interest income in the first quarter was $425 million, down from $439 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 and $442 million in the first quarter of last year. The first quarter is typically down from the fourth quarter due to seasonal factors, as well as the strong performance we experienced in the fourth quarter of last year. Compared to the first quarter of 2012, investment banking and debt placement fees are up 30%, as we continue to do more business with our commercial clients and win market share. Cards and payments income is up 28% compared to the same period 1 year ago, reflecting our reentry into credit cards during the third quarter of last year. I would also note, last year's first quarter, there were higher gains from principal investing, as well as we benefited from the early termination of a leveraged lease, which resulted in the recognition of a $20 million gain. Turning to Slide 10. Non-interest expense for the first quarter of 2013 decreased to $681 million, an improvement of $53 million from the fourth quarter and better than our expectations. Compared to the same period last year, expenses increased $2 million, and included in the current period expense was an $11 million increase in amortization expense, plus other costs associated with our acquisitions completed in the third quarter of last year. Overall, we are seeing the benefits from our expense initiative come through to the bottom line. As Beth commented on earlier, we have captured approximately $105 million in annualized savings as of March 31, 2013. We expect expenses to be higher in the second quarter as we close 33 more branches and continue with our other expense initiatives. In the first quarter, we incurred approximately $15 million of expenses associated with Fit for Growth. In the second quarter, we expect these costs to increase to the $34 million to $38 million range as we move forward aggressively with our implementation plans. In addition, we expect to incur additional expenses from marketing associated with our spring borrowing campaign, and also for contract programming as we continue to implement new technologies. In total, we anticipate expenses for the second quarter of 2013 to be in the range of $720 million to $730 million and then decline to the $680 million to $700 million range by the fourth quarter of 2013. Included in this forecast are charges related to Fit for Growth, however, at a much lower level than those anticipated in the second quarter. Turning to Slide 11. Our net charge-offs declined to $49 million or 38 basis points of average total loans in the first quarter of 2013. Total commercial net charge-offs were $5 million or 6 basis points of gross charge-offs, as gross charge-offs declined and recoveries remained strong. The breakdown of asset quality by loan portfolio is shown on Slide 16 in the appendix. We anticipate that net charge-offs will remain at or below the lower end of our targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points for the balance of the current year and for provision expense to be near this same level. At March 31, 2013, our reserve for loan losses represented 1.70% of period-end loans and 137% coverage of nonperforming loans. And turning to Slide 12, our tangible common equity ratio and estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio both remained strong at March 31, 2013, at 10.24% and 11.39%, respectively. We have also updated our estimated Basel III Tier 1 common equity ratio based on the Fed's NPR on a fully implemented basis at March 31, 2013, to be 10.28%. During the first quarter, we repurchased 6.8 million shares of our common stock at an average cost of $9.56 per share and reissued 3.6 million shares for employee benefit plans. These actions completed our 2012 CCAR activities. As Beth mentioned, our 2013 capital plan includes an increase in our common share repurchase authorization for the next 4 quarters to $426 million. In addition, our plan includes a 10% increase in our common dividend to 5.5% -- $0.055 per share beginning in the second quarter, which management will recommend to the board next month at their -- our scheduled meeting. And we are working with our regulators to obtain a non-objection to the use of the estimated $145 million to $155 million net gain from the pending sale of Victory Capital Management to repurchase additional common shares in the open market. The determination of the gain and the closing are subject to certain terms and conditions of the sales contract. The process remains on track for a third quarter closing. That concludes our remarks, and now we'll turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Let's begin with Mr. Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just within the net interest margin, as we look at some of the moving pieces, the commercial loan yields actually seem to be holding up quite well versus some pressure elsewhere, and I'm just wondering if you can elaborate on that in terms of what you're seeing in the marketplace and how they're kind of relatively stable or even up a basis point quarter-to-quarter.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Matt, this is Jeff. I'll comment a little bit about some of the geography in the margin, and then Chris and Bill can comment more fully on what they're seeing in the overall marketplace. In the first quarter, we've redirected some of the interest rate swaps, and so that had a positive benefit on the commercial C&I loan yields. And so that added approximately 11 basis points to that particular yield. I think where you see it come out of is really down on the other consumer loans. That particular yield dropped. I think a better way to look at it is looking at it from a -- the overall yield perspective on total loans. Total loans were down about 11 basis points for the current quarter. And Bill and Chris, you want to talk on it?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure. Matt, it's Chris. You're correct. Our spreads, we've been very pleased that our spreads have really held in nicely. But make no mistake, as Beth mentioned in her initial remarks, there is a fair amount of pressure out there from a structural perspective and from a pricing perspective. And what's really going on is there's really an imbalance in kind of the supply-demand. If you look at -- the loan market has had record inflows of new money. There's been more CLO issuance in the first quarter than all year in 2012. There's been 3 mid-market CLOs that have been raised. So it's something we're watching very closely. We've been pleased that our relationship strategy has enabled us to continue to gain clients. And our strategy is going to be, going forward, what it's been, and we'll continue to do what we need to do to take share. Keep in mind, a lot of our business -- half of our business is non-interest income, so we have some other levers that we can pull. And on that front, if we choose to, we can act as agent instead of principal, which we think gives us a fair amount of flexibility. And the other thing we're focused on a lot here at Key is -- on this, very focused, who we want to do business with in terms of garnering new clients, but doing more with our existing clients. So we feel like we fared pretty well to date. But make no mistake, there is a -- there's a supply-demand imbalance out there.
William R. Koehler: And Matt, this is Bill. The only thing I would add to that is where we see the most competition are some of the strongest credits where -- that are likely to be fully funded, so people who are looking to put their excess deposits to work. Again, where we are -- where we can find opportunities like that, but within the context of a broader relationship strategy, we will compete as well as anyone. At the same time, if it's just an asset play, that's not the strategy we're trying to employ.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just separately, quickly, Jeff, the timing of when you would expect to hear back regarding the buybacks of the Victory relay gain?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: The timing kind of remains open at this particular point in time. We may not hear back until the actual closing of the transaction, which is scheduled for the third quarter. So as soon as we hear something, Matt, we'll be sure to communicate that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So last quarter, you were looking for $150 million to $200 million of cost saves for this year, with most of that realized in the second half of the year. And now we're a quarter later and you've taken the range to the upper end and half the cost saves are already in the run rate. Can you help us think about what's driving this incremental cost save opportunity to the upper end so quickly? And the timing seems to be coming in a bit faster than expected.
Beth E. Mooney: This is Beth. I'll go ahead and answer that. And what I will tell you is we did, as we came into the quarter, firm up our expectations that we would reach the higher end of our range of -- at $200 million and announced that, within the quarter, that we had gone to the high end of the range. That was a combination of, as we announced at the end of the year, that we had realized $60 million worth of run rate savings and had a conscious effort to try and accelerate the timing of the benefits for improved performance. And within the first quarter, we garnered an additional $45 million worth of run rate savings, so we did get ourselves halfway to the goal as it were through the first quarter. A variety of things happened, one was just concerted effort to accelerate timing. We have had success in our vendor and spend management areas, both within contract renegotiations, as well as just generally recasting how we use them. I will tell you that we have gone heavily after process improvement and looking at more efficiently how we can support our growing business demand. We've talked about variabilizing our expense base and other things. And then I would tell you that is, in all things, just focused attention brings improvement across a multiple of areas. As we go through the balance of the year, we have, in the second quarter, accelerated for our branch closures, will be happening in the second quarter and several other big saving moves. So these are opportunities that we have realized and gave us more confidence on the upper end of our range and continue to position us for the 60% to 65% commitment by Q1 '14.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And Beth, if I could ask a follow-up, was the sale of Victory part of a broad-based sale evaluation of all the business lines? Or was that just a one-off situation?
Beth E. Mooney: I would describe it as a asset within our company that we have questioned its strategic fit with our relationship strategy over the last several years. And as we looked at its client base, which is largely mandated institutional investors, it did not really fit with our client base and there was not a lot of linkage to what we are doing in terms of assets under management and our private bank. So we determined that we were not the best owner for that asset and not the best owner to continue to invest in that asset for its own growth. So we made a strategic decision, as we look at our mix of businesses, that Victory was a good one to sell, and with step one, announcing that, and then that, as we said, created an opportunity to request an additional return of that net after-tax gain to our shareholders.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Keith Murray with Nomura.
Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can you just talk on the revenue opportunity side? I mean, you guys have plenty of capital. You're making progress on expenses. It just seems like, to get the returns in the place that you need them, are there revenue opportunities that we're not seeing?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Yes, Keith, this is Chris. We're seeing a lot of revenue opportunities, actually. Our business, as Beth pointed out, very, very relationship-focused. And whereas Victory, we couldn't leverage the relationships because consultants controlled it or our clients no longer had defined pension plans, there are a lot of adjacencies that we've, frankly, been looking at. And there's a fair amount of deal flow externally right now that we've been looking at. So that's sort of to augment our whole relationship strategy. The other areas where we've been investing heavily with a fair amount of success is people. We feel like we have a unique business model that's underleveraged. And we've been hiring senior-level people that can help us leverage our platform. And we've hired 85 or so such people since the beginning of 2010. And we do a lot of metrics around here, and those have been very accretive. The other 2 areas where we've been investing and will continue to invest, one is in our payments business, what we call enterprise commercial payments. As you know, that's a very sticky business. That's a business that enables us to talk to our clients all the time. Mid-market companies are very much looking for not just the ability to execute, but information about their working capital. We've made some significant investments in that area. And then lastly is health care. One of the things that we're really proud of is we've put together, along with the Community Bank, really a bank-wide industry group focused on facilities-based health care. And we've invested a lot. We have -- right now, we already have a lot of clients. We've rationalized those clients, and we've invested in some more talent and some specific product offerings around facilities-based health care.
William R. Koehler: And Keith, this is Bill. I would add a couple other items. Our past calls and comments about our investment in credit card, that's a new and emerging opportunity that we're really excited about. Client penetration is improving. New account growth is improving. We have opportunity to focus on the utilization and activation of those cards as we move forward. And we see a lot of opportunity to improve our penetration over time in the client base. And then we are very pleased with the momentum we're building in our private banking business. As we see our value proposition in working very actively with middle-market companies, not only within the Community Bank, but also privately held and publicly held companies in the corporate bank, we think there's an opportunity to cross-sell that product in a very impactful way. And our clients are telling us they like the combination of the ability to talk to them about their commercial needs as well as their personal investment needs "at the same time." And we think that's very relevant and very impactful, and we're -- that's what our clients are telling us.
Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then just switching gears to the stress test process. One, was there any surprises in the process this year as you went through it? And then two, can you guys see a period where you can feel comfortable asking for more than 100% of net income as a capital return, given your high starting point?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, I think the -- Keith, this is Jeff. I think, in terms of the overall process, that both sides are learning and that I think we are getting better at our stress testing and our modeling capabilities and being able to really fully understand the balance sheet, the flows of the balance sheet, et cetera, under various stressed environments. So from a perspective, I wouldn't say there were any major surprises on our part as we went through 2013's stress test process. I think the other part of your question, I think the future is still something that we'll have to see play out over time, and I don't think we can make a representation at this point in time about future capital actions. That's something that we will discuss, obviously, with our Board of Directors and go through also with our regulators.
Beth E. Mooney: And Keith, this is Beth. I would just add that we were satisfied with our outcome of the submission of our CCAR this year. We have the opportunity to increase our dividends, 10%, share repurchase by 24%. We are making the request for the gain on Victory Capital. So this continues to be a priority of ours, to manage our capital in a way that includes a return to our shareholders.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Craig Siegenthaler with Crédit Suisse.
Nicholas Karzon - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is actually Nick Karzon standing in for Craig this morning. I guess, the first question, on the non-interest-bearing deposits, it looks like there was an 8% decline quarter-over-quarter. And I was wondering if there is some seasonal volatility there, or if tag or something else was in play?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes, there is definite seasonal volatility that -- in that particular line item. We had both plants that borrowed in the fourth quarter and left deposits with us and then deployed those deposits in the first quarter. So there's some of that particular activity that's in that -- both the spot balance can go up, but also in the average balances in the course of the quarter. So people are raising capital and then deploying that capital.
Nicholas Karzon - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then as a follow-up, just a quick question. On the average total loan growth guidance, I guess, the previous guidance was mid to upper single digit. Is that coming down to mid single digit, if I heard correctly, or is it still mid to upper single digit?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Mid single digit is what we commented on this morning.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I wanted to just make sure I understand the -- kind of the expense commentary correctly. It sounds like, if I heard you correctly, it sounds like the range toward the end of the year is $680 million to $720 million a quarter. So I think that the first quarter then, once you remove the Fit for Growth cost, it sounds like that's going to be kind of the low watermark for the year. And even though things will be pretty well contained, the cost base will be -- kind of be higher than here on kind of a run rate basis going forward. I mean, does that mean all of the future savings are going to be kind of reinvested elsewhere? Or -- I mean, are there some additional opportunities to bring down that run rate cost base as we go forward? How are you guys thinking about that dynamic?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, Scott, I think in terms of looking at the expenses and how they progress, the fourth quarter still has Fit for Growth charges in it, so we still have other initiatives that are decked out for the fourth quarter. So the range we gave of $680 million to $700 million, that includes Fit for Growth charges that are in there. And I think the other thing that we always have to look at is there is seasonality associated with our overall activity. And generally, we have increased business activity, particularly on the commercial side, in the fourth quarter, and then that will drive additional activities. I think Chris talked about the other investments. We talk about investing, we're talking about people that we're investing into to drive more revenue growth for the company on a go-forward basis. So we won't really get to our full, what I'd call, run rate benefits until we get into the first quarter of 2014. So we're being very aggressive on moving through 2013 with getting our initiatives in place. There's a lot that's going to happen in the second quarter. During the call, we announced this in the -- at the end of the second quarter of last year. These initiatives do take time to go through and plan, and they -- we've been doing that aggressively. And I think we're in a pretty good place right now with all those particular things that are decked out to go.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, that sounds good. I appreciate that color. And then separately, Beth, you gave some good color on just sort of the way some of your customers that are feeling it on the commercial side. I wonder if, Chris or Bill, if you might give some additional thoughts on sort of what you guys are seeing, either geographically or kind of by client size, where you see things particularly strong or weak, if there are any distinctions?
William R. Koehler: Scott, this is Bill. I would say, on the commercial side, we are seeing some leasing strengths in the Northeast in our pipelines. Now the first -- the fourth quarter, it was a little slower for them. We've seen consistent activity in the Great Lakes at nice, healthy levels for a number of quarters now. And the West has been a little softer, but still at pretty good levels relative to, certainly, a year or 2 ago. So that's on the commercial side. I would say, on the consumer side, it's continually improving tone, but I think -- I still think there's, in the overall context, some work to be done in terms of consumer confidence, still. Our home equity pipeline continues to build. Spring borrowing, early days in the pipeline, is building around what we expected. And I think that's a function of improving home values and general improving confidence. But I think it's at a moderate pace, is the way I would describe it.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: And Scott, this is Chris. I would say -- so Bill covered it from a geographic perspective. As you know, our business is by industry sector, all domestic, I might add. So here's what we're seeing. I don't think there's a lot of consistency. I think it's spotty. I think the people that are doing well, most of the positive activity is domestic when you look at some of the factors out there. I think there's still a lot of excess capacity in the system. I don't see a lot of people out there hiring. What we do see is an extension of overtime. We see that fairly regularly. And I think the biggest challenge out there, from a business perspective, is there's no huge impetus to go long, so to speak. I mean, commodity prices are under pressure. Throughout the entire supply chain, there's availability. So while our clients are in great shape from a financial perspective, the profitability is there, they'd like to do something strategic. I just think that there's not a huge impetus to do so based on sort of the economic environment that we're operating in.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions on fees, if you don't mind. On the -- well, just first of all, if you could just give us some context of your overall outlook from here. I just -- and within that, I just wondered what your -- what the investment banking and debt pipeline looks like, and if there was anything in the other category to note.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So Ken, it's Chris. Let me speak a little bit to our investment and debt placement pipeline. We had a record first quarter on a trailing 12 basis. It's at a record $339 million. The pipeline is, on a year-over-year basis, is stronger than it was. So as we look into the pipeline really across the board, whether it's on balance sheet, off balance sheet, it's stronger. I would put the caveat out there, though, based on the discussion we just had, as you well know, it's subject to not only the economy, but also to market conditions. But we feel good about the forward momentum of the business.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And Jeff, on the overall outlook just for fee growth and whether there was anything to note in the other line this quarter?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, I think, overall, on the fee growth, we typically have a momentum that we go through the course of the year. So we would typically see second, third, fourth quarters, that first quarter is typically the softest quarter that we have and that we usually build from that point on. In the other category, it really is a number of just items that, more or less, that were positive this quarter versus they were negative in the prior quarters. So if you look at it from a perspective, the miscellaneous items may have been $5 million positive this quarter in a couple of items where they were actually negative revenue in previous quarters. So that's a lot of the overall change that's there. I would expect that, that number will be somewhere in that other, other category, somewhere between $20 million and $30 million on a kind of a go-forward basis.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just lastly, one on the expenses. I get all the commentary just around reinvesting and about run rate goes higher from here. But just against that backdrop of what you had originally been saying for the fourth quarter of this year and the fact that you've just achieved so much better in a positive way this quarter, I hear that you're saying that you feel more confident about getting into that 60% to 65% zone. But why, on an absolute level, wouldn't we be ending the year kind of better then you had originally had indicated?
Beth E. Mooney: Ken, this is Beth. There's a couple of things. I think, as Jeff outlined when he talked about some of his thoughts on the fourth quarter, it does still include a level of Fit for Growth charges, so $680 million to $700 million would include that. And then as you look at seasonality of expenses, there are a couple of things in the fourth quarter that will elevate historically in terms of professional fees and various kinds of expenses. And we -- and frankly, in the first quarter, had relatively low marketing expenses. So if you kind of sort through some of that, that still means that there is a continued improvement in our run rate as you go through the year. And the second thing I would observe is, as we currently sit here, we do have plans to invest in our business. That's something we have talked about, is that we have plans to grow our businesses, to grow our revenues. Those will be subject to our estimate of the business plan, the economic condition, the business case, our capability, our resources. But as we go through the year, we do want to continue to support what we see as the momentum with growth of our businesses as well. As we go through each quarter, I think our goal is to give you good clarity and transparency about how that works.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: My question is on efficiency, I guess, both capital and expense. But on the capital efficiency, why would you request to increase the dividend with your stock trading below tangible book? And how aggressive might you be in repurchasing shares? I mean, the shares are down, it's 0.5% in the first quarter. But your stock's at $9.49 and tangible book is $9.78. So how aggressive will you be, and what's the time frame?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Mike, this is Jeff. We have just a modest increase in the overall dividend. It's going up $0.005 per quarter, so it is -- it represents a 10% increase for the next 4 quarters. I think in terms of the overall return of capital, I believe that our numbers will rank one of the higher of the CCAR-related banks that went through the overall process. And we still have to go through a process. So it's not like you can go and buy back stock at any given point in time just because you have a desire to do so. It is a process that you have to work through each and every year with your board and with the regulators. I think we are returning capital, and we agree with your comment as to where we trade and with the desire to return capital. The dividend itself, in terms of the overall dollars, is not a significant dollar amount.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And then on the operating efficiency. I know you've had several questions on this, but it looks like you all have $95 million of savings and these extra expenses this year could be potentially close to that number. So I'm not sure how to think about that. I mean, if you take in the extra potentially $50 million more in the second quarter, and maybe it's going to be $30 million after that, it could be $20 million after that, you literally could be an extra $95 million of expenses above your first quarter level in a year when you're getting $95 million of savings. So I guess, the question is, how much of these savings are really going to be sustainable? I guess one question is, what are the expenses in the first quarter of '14? Not that we have that specific number, but just so we know how you're thinking about things.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes. So Mike, I think in terms of the first quarter of 2014, the fourth quarter, we have Fit for Growth charges in there, so we already know certain things that are related to real estate, et cetera, that will happen towards the end of the year. Those particular charges will hit in '14. We'll get a -- or '13 and we'll get a benefit into 2014. The range that we've provided has, and I'll just say it in approximate terms because this can change, but it's about $20 million worth of Fit for Growth charges that are embedded in that $680 million to $700 million number that we provided in our guidance for the fourth quarter of this year. So I think we have to look at it in the sense of, as we roll into 2014, we will have -- we will be within our targeted range, and we will continue to work on other initiatives. So this isn't something that, what I'd call an initiative that it's, if we get this out of the way and we go on our merry path, what it really relates to is a cultural change within the overall organization of striving for continuous improvement, identifying ways that we can do better on end-to-end processes throughout the company and deliver positive operating leverage to our shareholders on a go-forward basis.
Beth E. Mooney: Mike, I would just add that a number of the initiatives that we are undertaking this year will also create benefits in '14. I think Jeff said that earlier, that we are doing a number of things for which the value will also be fully realized in 2014. So I think it's important to note that they are sustainable and that we, every day, think about the interplay of investing in revenue, becoming a more efficient company, and believe we need to do both in 2014. I think you'll see more clarity, and we will be within that targeted range of 60% to 65% as we start the year.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a quick question on credit, actually. Was there anything unusual in terms of credit that led to the reserve build this quarter? I guess I'm just trying to figure out if the 1.7% reserve ratio is a stable number from here. And if I missed it, and if you can just repeat your guidance for provision and charge-offs, that would be great.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. Ken, this is Jeff. Bill Hartmann can also provide some additional context to this, too. We go through and look at our methodology all the time and look at how we're reserving. And so as we go through that process, there are refinements that are made. I think in terms of how we want to look at the reserve and charge-offs and provisioning going forward, we provided guidance that we expect to be at or below the lower end of our range. So our targeted range is 40 to 60 basis points. We expect to be actually below that for the course of 2013 and that provision expense will probably be fairly close to net charge-offs. So this quarter, it was $6 million. I can't tell you exactly where it'll be for the next few quarters, but it won't be far off from where net charge-offs are.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So the 1.7% ratio is probably a stable number going forward?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, it could be...
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Aside from loan growth, of course.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: It could -- yes, besides from loan growth, it could be 1.65%, it could be 1.75%. I can't tell you specifically because you really do have to look at the credits each and every quarter as we build up the reserve.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Paul Miller with FBR.
Jessica Ribner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: It's Jessica Ribner for Paul. We just had one question about your branch network and what your thought process might be surrounding it, especially as people's habits change vis-à-vis branches.
William R. Koehler: Jessica, this is Bill. We think about that a lot. I think we start from a fundamental belief that the branch will remain meaningful to many of our clients going forward. We -- clients across -- in all our segments transact in some way with the branch and the Community Bank, so middle-market companies, small businesses and consumers. What we also recognize is consumer behavior is changing and as -- and is changing as technology changes. So we have to find the right way to invest in our branch network in a way that complements the physical presence with a virtual presence in the context of our relationship strategy. And what we've done in the more recent period is pulled down the investment in our branch network over the last few years with now a focus on rationalizing and optimizing. And we've begun to layer in investments in the virtual space with some of our mobile applications and online banking and things of that nature. And as we move forward, that's where the primary focus of our investments will be.
Operator: We'll go next to Josh Levin with Citi.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You talked about the competitive environment and how lenders are competing on price and then term and now structure. And you say that Key is remaining disciplined, and I, by no means, am picking on Key with this question. But every bank says the environment is competitive, but they're remaining disciplined, but their competitors aren't. So who's making these loans? I mean, is it smaller banks? Is it larger banks? Who is the marginal lender who is being -- who lacks discipline in this environment?
William R. Koehler: So Josh, this is Bill. I would just say this. We're seeing competition in a number of places, and our focus has to be identifying those clients who value our relationship strategy and the broad capabilities we can bring to bear, be it our payments capabilities, our local expertise, our decision-making, the capabilities that Chris and his team have in the Corporate Bank around industry expertise and capital markets. That's where we're focused. So to the extent in an environment like this where we are going to stretch, so to speak, we're going to do it and we're doing it in the context of a relationship strategy and the ability to manage our risk appropriately and our returns because we can bring real value to the equation and we have really good access to management teams. We know what to do and we understand the business and we can bring value to the equation.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Yes. Josh, it's Chris. I would say the competition is across the board. As you look at the really high-quality middle market companies, there's just a supply-demand imbalance. There's a few kind of headline transactions that you read about. Those clearly aren't middle-market companies. There's just not a lot of activity. So you really see just a whole bunch of competitors chasing the same companies. The other thing, as I mentioned earlier, is there's a lot of fund activity, and with the cost of equity in these funds, they're able to refinance a lot of transactions. But I would say where I see it as most pronounced are transactions that maybe only take one provider of capital. Whereas in our syndicated finance business, we lead about 70% of all the deals we're in, so we get a pretty good insight. There is probably a better market discipline in syndicated finance than there is for these quality transactions that one source of financing can fund. That would be my observation.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And you talked quite a bit about your relationship approach. So when you're thinking about you might make a loan to a client at a certain price and that client also might park deposits with you or generate fee income, what metric or key metrics are you looking at to evaluate what that -- the true economic value that client relationship is worth to your bank?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So the first thing we look at, Josh, is each and every relationship that we have, we have relationship reviews. We talk about what our penetration is, what their share of wallet is, what we're getting out of that share of wallet. And we have a relationship ROE target of 22%. So that's as a start. Then the other thing we spend a lot of time doing is really evaluating what we call expanded relationships, and what we call an expanded relationship is someone we've done more than $100,000 with on a year-to-date basis than we did in -- at the trailing 12 period ended 12/31. And for example, we have in -- 56 such relationships that have generated about $28 million in the Corporate Bank this year. And when they're expanded, they're not expanded by $100,000 or so, they're expanded based on those numbers by, say, $5,000 or so -- $500,000 or so. So those are the real -- we spend a lot of time looking at metrics, a lot of time looking at market share, making sure we're targeting the right clients and prospects.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked and answered except just one follow-up question to Keith on capital. Jeff, according to your guidance on average loan growth and average earning assets, it seems like you'll keep your securities to earning assets ratio relatively the same for the balance of the year. I guess, given that you're such a capital return story, have you thought about how to think about the portfolio size going into next year's CCAR as it seems like the Fed is more interested in starting to test for interest rate risk for future years?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes, Erica. In terms of our investment portfolio, we've stayed very disciplined with keeping the weighted average life of that particular portfolio. It's 2.8 years at the end of the first quarter. So it is something that we look at, we test, we shock. We look at it all the time. I think in terms of the overall size of the portfolio, we said about the minimal size of that portfolio is going to be around $16 billion. And of course, it will grow depending on the amount of liquidity that we have or we'll make other determinations, just like we may have more short-term liquidity or do other things in terms of managing our overall interest rate risk as a company. We're asset-sensitive at the end of the first quarter. We were asset-sensitive at the end of last year. Net asset sensitivity is about 1.4% to 1.5% to a 200 basis point movement in rates over the course of the next 12 months.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Scinicariello with UBS.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a big picture strategy question for you guys. Just given the many levers you guys have to pull, whether it's expense leverage, capital leverage, credit leverage, franchise leverage, market share opportunities and revenue improvement opportunities as well, how do you go about kind of prioritizing each of those areas when you look at them? And then secondly, which of those do you feel provide you with the biggest near-term bang for the buck and the biggest longer-term bang for the buck?
Beth E. Mooney: Steve, this is Beth. I'll go ahead and tell you that we're in an environment where you've got 3 really strong revenue levers in terms of revenue expense and capital, and we grade each of our priorities against what it will do to enhance our revenue and grow our relationship clients, what it will do to make us -- how do we manage our cost base to be more variable, as well as more efficient. And then third, is it going to be good for our shareholders and our capital return, as well as return on capital over time? So I would tell you that in an environment like we're in, those are the things we look at every single day. And then within those, we prioritize which will be most impactful, which are most accretive to our strategies and which will, with our current resources and capabilities, provide the most benefit in our ability to execute. So that is the lens with which we have those discussions.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just kind of getting a little more color about that. Do you feel like 2013, we're going to see more in terms of expense saves and then 2014 is more about revenue improvement? Or can we see kind of a mix of all of these things, even this year, in this tough environment?
Beth E. Mooney: I think the mix is going to be also subject to what the environment does produce. But obviously, we are focused on growing loans. We are focused on the ability to bring in quality relationships. And as Chris talked about, expanding relationships, we've invested in new product capabilities. We still have some incremental liability repricing, management expensing -- managing our expenses, investing where appropriate. So I think all of those, when you think of them as levers, could produce outcomes against all those, both the ability to be more profitable, to grow revenue, as well as grow clients.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Beth, coming back to something you said about the Victory Asset Management sale. You indicated that you -- it wasn't a strong fit with the client-facing strategy that you have. Are there other businesses that fit that category that potentially could be sold in the future?
Beth E. Mooney: Gerard, as we looked at our portfolio of businesses as we made the decision to market Victory, it was unique in that regard in terms of how we had repositioned it after the financial downturn to be really an institutional money manager. And then the other businesses we have discussed, we've worked very hard and very purposely at making sure they do fit within our relationship strategy, that we bring our Corporate and Community Banks closer together, as well as the integration of those businesses. So our focus with our current business mix is to build them around that relationship strategy and our go-to-market point of view.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So is it fair to say, from our expectation standpoint, we should not anticipate further sales of businesses in the next 18 months or so?
Beth E. Mooney: I would say that Victory is -- we're looking forward to completing that transaction and developing and growing the businesses we have.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Turner with Compass Point.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: As far as your, I guess, NII or NIM guidance, what level of competition does that assume? Meaning, are you assuming pricing will kind of remain where it is or additional pressures will come out?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Mike, this is Jeff Weeden. We're assuming that we're going to have continued pricing challenges out there in the marketplace, but I don't think it's going to be any greater than what it has been for the last few quarters. So we've actually seen relatively stability with respect to the spreads. Now where we're seeing the pricing come down or the yields pressure come down really relates more to the fact that we have some of the, what I'd call, term loans that we've had in the past are repricing down. And those are repricing down at much lower rates as they mature. LIBOR-based, we've been saying basically between LIBOR plus 200 to 275. Now that may be down 25 basis points from a year ago, but it is still hanging in there, and I think this relationship strategy and staying to targeted clients is where that pays off and benefits us.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: And Chris, I don't know if you could comment -- I don't know how many leveraged loans you guys do, but have you seen any impact -- or do you expect any impact from the recent guidance that came out? And then also, maybe not necessarily related to leveraged loans, but do you have a defined risk parameter in lending where, if competition gets too much, you'll just back off? Or is that something that's more dynamic?
William L. Hartmann: Mike, this is Bill Hartmann. When we looked at a detailed analysis of the guidance that was provided -- the interagency guidance that was provided, we think that our business actually stacks up pretty fine to that guidance. There are some other people that are in the market that we see that have been on the more aggressive end, who may potentially be impacted by that, but we think our business model stacks up pretty well. And when the market turns overly aggressive, in the past, we have always held true to our convictions and let the market go where it has to go.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Yes. Mike, just -- this is Chris. Just to augment with some of the detail that Bill just mentioned, our leveraged loan book here, first of all, we look at our leveraged loan book throughout the entire company, which is one of -- part of the guidance, and that's how we do it. If you think about it, our leveraged loans are maybe, say, 3% of our total loans. So it's not a huge part of our business. The other thing is we have not grown that book of business since the end of '11. We've been just recycling the capital. So I agree with Bill. I think we're in pretty good stead under the new regs as we currently understand them.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Terry McEvoy with Oppenheimer.
Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Keith's talked a lot about growing the payments and technology, and it's right here on Page 3. Could you just talk a little bit about the investments that have made -- been made the expenses? Are you starting to breakeven? And then maybe more importantly, where will we see the results? If I look at the cards and payments numbers, 90% of it's out of the Community Bank. And will, over time, we start to see that in other lines of business at Key?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay, this is Jeff. I think in terms of where the revenue is coming through, you'll see it -- in the cards and payments side of the equation, you're right, a lot of that is going to be over in the Community Bank, but it's also a growing presence over in the Corporate Bank, too. And so it is across both of our major lines of business. It goes -- it's one of those businesses that -- it's the reason it's called enterprise commercial payments within the company, is it encompasses the entire enterprise. I think what you've seen really in some of the investments that we've made were with respect to cards that we had made last year, and I think that particular business is approximately breakeven. And it's approximately breakeven because you're still seeing some reserve build that's out there. So x that reserve build that you saw in the first quarter here in that particular line, it would have had a profitability that would have been quite acceptable, plus it has amortization expense associated with the purchase credit card receivable. I think the other area where we've made -- have made investments, and of course it's early in this particular process, is really in the merchant side of the equation, and Chris will talk about that for just a second.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure. So on the merchant side, having control of the merchant card is very important, very, very critical for a lot of Business Banking clients, very important going forward in health care because it's going to be part and parcel of that whole information loop between the provider, the insurance company and the patient. And we've brought that back in-house. We had used an outside provider, and we brought it back in-house so that we could control the client experience, we could control the pricing. And so that sales force has just hit the ground running. The other 2 areas where we're going to continue to invest are both on the prepaid side and the purchase card. And particularly within our public sector business, the prepaid card is very, very important as we go forward. So it will show up in a few revenue pools kind of across the enterprise. I would say merchant would be really skewed to small business and Business Banking. And the prepaid investments that we're making we think can give us a real lift on our public sector business.
William R. Koehler: And this is Bill. The other area that I wouldn't want us to lose sight of is debit, debit processing. We, about 18 months ago in the face of Durbin, undertook a project to enter into a partnership with MasterCard around debit processing. And we completed our full conversion in February to -- which dramatically reduces our cost of processing as we move forward.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from John Moran with Macquarie Capital.
John V. Moran - Macquarie Research: Just we're a couple of quarters away, removed now from sort of the HSBC branch transaction in upstate. Obviously, that was -- it was kind of an opportunity on the funding side, probably more so than anything else. I was just wondering if you could provide a quick update on asset generation opportunities in that market. There's a lot of disruption, and maybe spend a second outlining the strategy up there.
William R. Koehler: Sure. This is Bill. We feel very good about the success we've had in integrating that business -- or the branches with our business there. Our client retention has been very good, especially relative to plans. The employee retention, very good relative to plans, and the tone in the market has been very positive for us. We -- one of the things we did like about the capabilities that we acquired was a focus on the mass affluent client. And there are some things we can learn from that team that we're building into our product offerings around investments, in particular, where we thought that we had an opportunity to up-tier some of our capabilities by leveraging some of their capabilities, and we're working around that as we go. So it's folded into our business very well, and we like the momentum we have.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Beth Mooney for any additional or closing remarks.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator, and we thank you all for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vern Patterson or Kelly Dillon, at (216) 689-3133. That concludes our remarks.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth E. Mooney - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Council, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of ERM Committee Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Member of Executive Council Christopher Marrott Gorman - President of Key Corporate Bank and Vice Chairman of Keybank National Association William R. Koehler - President of Key Community Bank William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Member Executive Council
Analysts: Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alan Straus Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the KeyCorp 2012 Fourth Quarter Earnings Results Conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Beth Mooney. Ms. Mooney, please go ahead, ma'am.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for today's presentation is Jeff Weeden, our Chief Financial Officer; and available for the Q&A portion of the call are the leaders of Key Corporate Bank and Key Community Bank, Chris Gorman and Bill Koehler; and also joining us for the Q&A discussion are our Chief Risk Officer, Bill Hartmann; and our Treasurer, Joe Vayda. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call today. On Slide 3 are some highlights of our 2012 results. Again, I'd like to make some general comments about the year more broadly. I'm very pleased with the measurable progress we made during the year on our strategic and financial goals. Although the operating environment remains challenging, our results reflect our success in executing on our strategies and further refining our relationship-based model. Some of our key proof points would include revenue, which was up 4% from the prior year as loans grew, net interest margin improved and fees increased. Our average C&I loans were up 21% over last year and led our year-over-year loan growth. Our net interest margin improved in 2012, including a 24 basis point increase in the fourth quarter from the same period a year ago. And I would point out that our margin improvement and C&I loan growth were among the best in our peer group. These were also a positive story. Our commercial real estate mortgage banking group had its best year ever, and it was also a record year for KeyBanc Capital Markets, with strong fee growth from loan syndications, investment banking and debt placement. On the expense side, we achieved $60 million in annualized savings in 2012, a strong start to our expense initiative, which exceeded our original goal we had set for the year. With that momentum, we are on track to realize cost savings of $150 million to $200 million on a run rate basis by year-end 2013. I remain committed, along with the rest of my management team, to achieving our targeted efficiency ratio of 60% to 65% by 2014. Expense levels for 2012 reflect our acquisitions as well as upfront cost for our efficiency initiative and for technology, including a new trust and risk management system, along with the development of new payment and merchant processing capabilities. We closed 19 underperforming branches last year as part of a plan to rationalize our branch network. Another 40 to 50 branches are targeted for 2013. We also launched programs aimed at streamlining our backroom and support operations so we can achieve a more variable and efficient cost space. Our capital management remains focused on value creation. To that end, in 2012, we returned approximately 50% of our net income to shareholders through both common share repurchases and dividends. We also used our capital to acquire market share in Western New York and to develop new revenue streams in the credit card and payments businesses. Turning now to Slide 4. In 2013, our strategic themes remained the same. In the coming year, we are focused on 5 critical areas, consistent with the long-term growth priorities shown on Page 14 of our deck. Specifically, we will continue to leverage our focus and expertise in our targeted client segments to acquire and expand customer relationships. This is most apparent in our middle market and corporate bank, where our mix of distinctive product capabilities with local delivery has us well positioned to take advantage of the business and economic recovery. Next, we will maintain a moderate risk profile. We have substantially improved our credit quality over the past several years by adhering to a robust set of enterprise-wide risk practices. Jeff will have more on credit quality in his comments. Third, we will invest in opportunities to accelerate our revenue growth. In practical terms, this means finding ways to leverage our franchise as we did in 2012 when we deepened our retail footprint in Western New York, enhanced our payments capabilities with credit card and merchant services and invested in online and mobile banking. And just a quick comment on that point. We've been asked about the net impact of our efficiency initiative in the amount of reinvestment of those savings we expect. What I can commit to you is that we are rigorous on our investment decisions, being mindful of the size, timing, resources and prioritizations that they will take. And we will make the right trade-offs to ensure we deliver on our efficiency ratio commitments. However, when we see the opportunity to make an investment that is consistent with or additive to our strategy and it has the right return profile, we will make that investment. There's an old saying that you can't shrink yourself to prosperity, and we must continue to find ways to generate more customers and more revenues. We are committed to doing that and doing that in the way that delivers profitable growth. Fourth, we will improve our operating leverage by growing revenue and creating a more efficient cost structure that is aligned with the current operating environment. As I just said, this is a two-sided equation. We need to be focused and rigorous in both our revenues and our expenses. And finally, we will work closely with our board and our regulators to manage capital to support our client's needs and create shareholder value. Our capital remains a competitive advantage for us in both the intermediate and long term. We continue to imbue the environment for our industry in 2013 as challenging. Nonetheless, I'm encouraged by the fact that our employees have never been more focused on delivering outcomes for clients, and that in turn is giving us real traction in our market. Customers are coming to us and staying with us because we are executing on our strategy and delivering a truly distinctive experience. We had a strong 2012, and one that I am very proud of. But it's not enough, and we all know that. Along with my team and all of the employees at Key, we are focused on sustaining our positive momentum and continuing to drive our performance in 2013 and beyond. I'm confident that our strategies are working, and that we are on the right path forward. Now let me turn the call over to Jeff with some further comments on our results. Jeff?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Thank you, Beth. Slide 6 provides a summary of the company's fourth quarter 2012 results from continuing operations. As we reported this morning, the company earned a net profit from continuing operations of $0.21 per common share for the fourth quarter compared to $0.23 for the third quarter of 2012 and $0.21 for the fourth quarter of 2011. There are a couple of items I will touch on before moving to the more detailed discussion surrounding the quarterly results on the following slides that impact the current quarter. First, the net interest margin expanded to 3.37%, an increase from both the third quarter of 2012 and the fourth quarter of 2011. Second, we incurred cost of $16 million or approximately $0.01 per common share associated with our Fit for Growth efficiency initiative. Third, credit costs decreased to $58 million or 44 basis points of average total loans. And fourth, we had strong revenue results from our commercial businesses in both investment banking and mortgage banking. Now turning to Slide 7. Average total loans for the fourth quarter were up $1,164,000,000 or 2.3% unannualized compared to the third quarter of 2012. And compared to the fourth quarter of 2011, average total loans were up $3.2 billion or 6.6%. We have continued to have success in growing our commercial loan portfolio from both acquiring new clients as well as expanding existing relationships in our focused industries as demonstrated by the approximate $3.8 billion or 21% increase in C&I loans over the past year. On the consumer front, average loans grew by $312 million, aided by the increase in credit card balances, which were up $282 million from the prior quarter, reflecting the full quarterly impact of the acquired balances from the third quarter 2012 acquisitions. As we look out at 2013, we anticipate average total loans to grow in the mid- to upper single-digit area, continuing to be led by growth in our commercial and industrial loans as we capitalize on our success in our targeted approach to certain industries where we offer a full complement of products, services and advice to clients. Continuing to Slide 8. On the liability side of the balance sheet, average deposits, excluding foreign branch deposits, grew $1.1 billion from the third quarter. And our trend of improving deposit mix continued with an increase in average balances of non-time deposits of approximately $1.9 billion or 3.6% unannualized. And our finding cost continued to decline, contributing to our stronger net interest margin experienced in the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 9. For the fourth quarter of 2012, the company's net interest margin expanded to 3.37% compared to 3.23% for the third quarter of 2012 and 3.13% for the fourth quarter of 2011. Taxable equivalent, net interest income was $607 million for the fourth quarter, up 5% from the $578 million we reported in the third quarter. The improvement was a result of a 10 basis point decline in funding costs for interest-bearing liabilities and a 7 basis point improvement in earning asset yields. Recall from last quarter, we had 2 leverage leases terminate during the third quarter, which negatively impacted net interest income and the margin by $13 million and 7 basis points. Aiding the fourth quarter margin were stronger fees and an additional dividend on other investments. These 2 items benefited the margin by approximately 4 basis points. Our current expectation, assuming a policy of low interest rates by the Federal Reserve continues, is for the net interest margin to trend lower from the fourth quarter level throughout 2013. For the first quarter of 2013, we anticipate the margin to be in the range of 3.30% and for continued modest pressure in the 1 basis point to 3 basis point area per quarter throughout the year. With respect to average earning assets, we expect to see growth tracking in line with our overall loan growth and would not anticipate any material change in the size of our investment securities portfolio. We remain approximately 1% asset sensitive at December 31, 2012, to a gradual 200 basis point rise in interest rates, with the forward view that asset sensitivity will increase during the next 12 months given normal funds flows, positioning us to benefit if short-term to intermediate-term rates begin to rise. On the noninterest income front, we saw continued solid performance from investment banking and net gains on loan sales driven by higher origination volume from commercial mortgage banking in our Real Estate Capital line of business. As Chris Gorman and Bill Koehler can comment on later on, our pipelines remain good headed into the first quarter. In total, noninterest income was down in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter due to gains realized from the early termination of certain leverage leases and from the redemption of trust preferred securities during the third quarter in the amounts of $39 million and $54 million, respectively. Turning to Slide 10. Noninterest expense for the fourth quarter of 2012 increased to $756 million, up $22 million from the third quarter. All of these increase was in the personnel area and relates to higher employee benefits, up $11 million; increased severance, up $5 million; and higher contract labor for implementing new technology projects currently underway, up $8 million. In total, these 3 items were up $24 million in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter of 2012. The increase in employee benefits was due to higher medical claims and an accrual for the annual employee retirement contribution. We expect employee benefit cost to decrease in the first quarter from the elevated fourth quarter level, more than offsetting the normal seasonal increase that we typically experience from higher employment taxes. Severance and other costs associated with our Fit for Growth efficiency initiative are expected to remain elevated throughout much of 2013. And technology related costs are expected to remain at the level we experienced in the fourth quarter through the first half of 2013 before starting to decline as we implement new systems for trust accounting, risk management information systems, Treasury management and card services. Also included in our expense run rate for the fourth quarter was approximately $30 million in cost related to our acquisition of branches in Western New York and our credit card portfolio. These costs were up approximately $4 million from the third quarter and of this increase, approximately $3 million represented additional intangible amortization expense. As Beth commented on earlier, we remain committed to achieving our targeted efficiency ratio of 60% to 65% through planned cost reductions by 2014. Turning to Slide 11. Our net charge-offs declined to $58 million or 44 basis points during the fourth quarter, down from the elevated level of the third quarter when we implemented new regulatory guidance for consumer loan Chapter 7 bankruptcies. The provision for loan losses in the fourth quarter was $57 million. Both net charge-offs and the provision expense were within our long-term targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points for the fourth quarter. And for the entire year, provision expense represented approximately 45 basis points of average total loans. Our expectation for charge-offs and provision expense during 2013 is to remain within our long-term targeted range of 40 to 60 basis points. Also at December 31, 2012, our reserve for loan losses represented 1.68% of period-end loans and 132% coverage of nonperforming loans. And turning to Slide 12. Our tangible common equity ratio and estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio remained strong at December 31, 2012, at 10.2% and 11.2%, respectively. We have also updated our estimated Basel III Tier 1 common equity ratio based on the Feds NPR on a fully implemented basis at December 31, 2012, to be 10.2%. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 10.5 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $8.37 per share, and we have $88 million remaining authority under our current repurchase authorization for the first quarter of 2013. We also filed our updated CCAR capital plan with the regulators on January 7 of this year and expect to hear back on those findings from the submission at the same time as the rest of the industry during the month of March. That concludes our remarks, and now I'll turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Let's begin with Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question is on the expenses. X the severance charges, core expenses are running around $740 million. And if I look at your comments, that $60 million of cost saves are now realized out of the $150 million to $200 million. This would imply a run rate, right, of somewhere around $705 million to $718 million for expenses with all the cost saves. Now I know you're saying expenses are going to stay high in the first half of '13. But as we get towards the last quarter 2013, is that how we should be thinking about expenses sort of $705 million, $718 million with some adjustment for growth rate of core expenses?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Steve, this is Jeff. I think as we look at how the year plays out is that expenses will trend down in the second half of the year. We're not giving that specific of a number, but I would say in general terms, you're thinking of it how we're looking at those overall expense trends. And I think we do have to factor in what other investments in terms of business opportunities that may exist. If we see opportunities in the market to add bankers, we will add bankers to grow revenue. So we're really trying to look at it on a net basis, too, in terms of not just the expenses but also focusing on the revenue side of the equation.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So just to follow up on that, in terms of the shift on this one slide to the cash efficiency target, could you give us some color on that shift? And should we read into that, that the timing of getting into the 60%, 65% GAAP efficiency ratio range has maybe been extended a bit?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Steve, I think the cash efficiency ratio of the 60% to 65% just simply excludes the intangible amortization expense that we have. That was an item that also will decrease over time on the purchase credit card receivable amortization. Of course, it's heavier in the first couple of years, and the other core deposit intangible amortization is also heavier in the first couple of years. That will start to decrease over time. So what we wanted to get to is, what's the efficiency ratio x the intangibles. I think that's where we're focused on, and we know we have to -- 65% is the first step. Then we have to figure out how we're going to also continue to step down those overall expenses, as well as grow revenue to get it down closer to the 60% level.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I guess just to kind of follow up on the expense question. How -- when you think about it and kind of in tandem with the revenue outlook, I mean, do you guys think you'll be able to generate positive operating leverage in 2013? Kind of where does that ultimately fit into sort of your priorities? And then I had a second question, unrelated. If you could just provide a little more color on the revaluation of the home equity guidance, just so if you can talk a little bit more about kind of what drove it and sort of where the charge-offs flushed out to?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. So as we look at, again, I think in terms of positive operating leverage, that is our mission is to grow revenues faster than expenses. That is our outlook as we look at 2013 and beyond. And I think that's one of the things that we're very focused on as a management team. And we're getting some of the lift, of course, not only from a better margin in 2013 than what we had in 2012, but also as we look at overall average earning asset growth now is starting to come into play. Last year, we were very stable in that around $72 billion of average earning assets for the year. This year, our expectation is that average earning assets will trend up with the general overall growth in the loan portfolio. So from that perspective, we feel very positive. I think if you look at the -- then your second part of your question was on home equity. In the third quarter, we, like everybody else that was a national bank, had to make some determinations on the level of Chapter 7 bankruptcies and the amount of a charge-off that we would take. And we work through all of those particular charge-offs in the fourth quarter and actually got down to applying on a loan-by-loan basis across the entire portfolio group. That's what led to some of the shifting around. We took a charge to the home equity book in the third quarter. And as we reapplied on where those charge-offs actually came out in the fourth quarter, that resulted in that adjustment that you saw there. So in total, charge-offs related to the home equity book, about $10 million less across all portfolios related to that Chapter 7 in the fourth quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Josh Levin with Citi.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You talked about the cost-cutting program, but you said you're thinking about investments also. So as you think about the trade-off versus cost cuts versus investing, whether it's investing in people or equipment, how do you think about the minimum payback period for such an investment?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Josh, this is Jeff. As we look at payback periods as one item, but as also looking at what's the internal rate of return over time, and we want to strive for something that's in the at least the mid- to upper-teens on IRRs related to our investments. We talk about some of these investments that we're really looking at. We really look at the technology side of the equation, remaining at these elevated levels through the first half of 2013. So if you go back and look, we were up basically from where we were in the second quarter. That investment went up about $10 million. It was up $2 million in the third quarter. It ramped up an additional $8 million in the fourth quarter. We expect it to remain at that level for the next couple of quarters as we deliver now some of our systems. And those systems then will help us also make some moves that we have with outside parties currently to bring those on to our own platforms and reduce cost elsewhere. So those are very positive on the payback time periods. Certain other investments, you have to look at your trust accounting system. It's an older system. We're going to a more modern system. It will give more feature and function to our clients and to our bankers internally, so that's a necessary expenditure that we have to make. And again, that will be implemented here in 2013.
Beth E. Mooney: Josh, this is Beth. One thing I would also add in addition, I mentioned the rigor with which we will make those investments. And I'd like to share that part of what we developed in our operating rhythm in 2012 with the [ph] project management office, that that's the business cases and make sure that we're clear about the resources, the staging, the timing and the prioritization we give. And then rigorously also tracks the business value realization. So as Jeff talked about some of the metrics with which we would evaluate the return profile, that we also clearly track that we're realizing the benefit.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: And Josh, it's Christopher Gorman. The other area where we've invested and invested successfully is in people. We think we have a unique business model focused on these targeted middle market companies. And if you look at the 82 people that we brought on that were kind of senior level calling people from the beginning of 2010 until present, that has been a good investment. We also invested in 2010 in mortgage banking personnel, and we're seeing the fruits of that as well. So that's another element of the investment program.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And you had strong loan growth in the fourth quarter. As you look at the first quarter and into the rest of the year, do you have a sense that your loans can continue to grow at that rate? Or do you think there might have been some pull forward, like other banks mentioned, in the fourth quarter?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So Josh, a couple of things to keep in mind. One, there was some activity late in the fourth quarter, but we don't think it was driving or overriding our business. Clearly, there were some tax-driven activity. With respect to going forward, I think Jeff mentioned that we're comfortable kind of mid to high single-digit numbers, and as we look at our backlogs, as we look at our ability to penetrate new clients, we're comfortable with that on a going forward basis.
William R. Koehler: And I would say -- Josh, this is Bill. As we look at our pipelines in the Community Bank, especially in our commercial businesses, the pipelines are significantly stronger than they were the same time last year. Our pull-through in the fourth quarter was good and yet our pipelines are still strong and I would say importantly, more balanced regionally.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question -- I'm sorry to continue to focus on expenses, but I just wanted to make sure we're thinking about the first half of the year the correct way. So the GAAP expense number is $756 million, and you mentioned that severance expenses would remain elevated near term. If I back out the amortization expense, the credit for lending-related commitments as well as the $16 million in Fit for Growth-related expenses, I get to a core run rate of $742 million, like Steve said. So in the first half of the year, is it flat to the $756 million GAAP number? Or is it flat to that $742 million GAAP number -- or sorry, $742 million core number?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: I think the way that we are looking at this particular number, Erika, is that it will be within that kind of that fourth quarter range for the first half of the year, and that has the additional technology spend in there as well as severance-related costs and other costs associated with our Fit for Growth initiative. So could -- it will be within a range of that, say, $750 million in that particular range for the next couple of quarters. That's the expectation.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And just my follow-up question is long term in terms of your efficiency goals. So if I strip out all the noise and say that your core run rate right now is $742 million and I think about your expense goals, if I sort of calculate the midpoint of the 60% to 65%, it would imply an additional $460 million of annual revenues or expense cuts to get to the midpoint. And could you give us a sense in terms of where we could get that $460 million from? Is it because the balance sheet is growing much faster than you think? Or are there additional expense cuts beyond '13 that we should look forward to?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, Erika, I think we have to manage expenses. After we take these particular expenses out of the organization, we have to effectively manage the expense base of the company. But we have to have more revenue. So I think that's really where we're becoming much more focused all the time in terms of what we are attacking in the marketplace. Our exit portfolios are getting smaller and smaller all the time, so that's less of a drain that we have. And I think in terms of if once we start to look at the overall core growth, and it's not just the loan portfolio because it's really looking at client penetration and getting more of the overall business from those particular clients. So Chris, do you have [ph]...
Christopher Marrott Gorman: No, I think, Jeff, you're exactly right. We've had a fair amount of success in terms of adding relationships. So for example, this year, we added 669 new relationships. So that will set the stage for future growth. They average about $169,000 or so in revenue. But to Jeff's point, because of our model, we're able to really penetrate the relationships that we have. We talk about expanded relationships. Those are relationships that we do $100,000 more than we did in the first measurement period of 12/31/11. In that case, we had 425 expanded relationships, but in the aggregate, generated about $263 million. So those will be some of the areas getting deeper with these highly focused clients and bringing new clients on to the platform because as we mentioned, we think we can leverage the platform.
Beth E. Mooney: Erika, this is Beth. I would just add one thing for the Community Bank, that as we go through 2013, as Jeff indicated, we will burn through some of the amortization related to the credit cards of [ph] HSBC and that will be more -- so the operating leverage of that will come through more fully.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. Just wanted to make sure I wrapped up on the revenue side. I mean, I got the message in terms of getting to that revenue growth number of around $450 million, $460 million. I guess that would be sort of, obviously, some NII growth as you have loan growth coming in, but also fee growth as you penetrate more deeply into the relationships.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes, it has to come from both. It's not just balance sheet-driven. Particularly in this particular rate environment, I think you've got to have both. You've got to get paid for your balance sheet not only in some form of spread, but you also have to have ancillary businesses in today's environment.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now take our next question from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So I guess my first question, or my only question, is for Beth. You mentioned the saying that you can't shrink yourself to prosperity. The question I have though is there's a lot of very highly profitable banks that are much smaller than Key. I would -- could you just walk us through your thought process on why growing is the only viable solution for Key to become more profitable?
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Ken, this is Beth. I think what we have articulated is we've spent what I would call the last couple of years as we really repositioned and refocused our company around this core value proposition between our Corporate and our Community Bank, where we're clearly built our capabilities distinctively as we've talked about within Corporate Bank with our various vertical strategies, our investment banking, debt and capital market capabilities, mortgage banking capabilities with our local delivery of our Community Bank. Clearly, leverage to a business and economic recovery, and I think we have the proof points in 2012 that shows real momentum in returns from that strategy. I think we have realigned, repositioned and hit what I would call the sweet spot capabilities and clients that will provide growth. So my thinking is that much of the repositioning, shedding that we needed to do, for a lack of a better term, I think has been accomplished. And now it is our time to continue the momentum you saw in 2012, execute that strategy, drive improved performance and valuation.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jennifer Demba with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I think most of my questions have been asked. I'm wondering about what you're looking for in a tax rate in 2013?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. So on the tax rate on a GAAP basis would be somewhere between 26% and 27%, and on a tax equivalent basis would be somewhere about 100 basis points higher than that 27% to 28%.
Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just curious if -- in terms of fee income growth in '13 and probably into '14 as well, what do you see as the major drivers? Is it primarily Treasury management, investment banking, et cetera?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Yes, I think it will be -- Jennifer, it's Chris Gorman. It'll be across-the-board. But again, our strategy, where we target in these 6 verticals in the Corporate Bank, enables us to sell a wide variety of advice and solution. So payments, our enterprise commercial payments business, that's an important business and it's very, very sticky. We also continue to grow our investment in debt placement fees. That's another real area of focus. We also have been raising a lot of capital for these mid-cap companies. So right now in terms of mix, we're about 57% noninterest income, the balanced interest income, and we don't see that deviating much. We kind of like that mix, 55%, 45%. So it will be across-the-board focused on these very targeted companies.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: That makes us for the Corporate Bank. Overall, we're about 43% on the fee revenue. So I think the Corporate Bank is clearly an important driver of fee revenue for the organization.
William L. Hartmann: And Jennifer, this is Bill. In Community Bank, in addition to some of the fee items that Chris talked about, we have additional opportunity in -- with some of our new payment capabilities; so the card that we've already talked about. But also, we're seeing momentum in our private banking, investment management and trust origination, so that our fees generated from investment continue to improve over time. And we think that is a very interesting opportunity long term and highly complementary to our business model and focus on working with privately-owned companies in the middle market.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Jennifer, just to give you one kind of proof point on kind of our mix of fee versus interest income. Well, a great case study would be our Real Estate business that we've completely repositioned. The actual balance sheet is about half today what it was in the financial crisis. And as you look at loan origination, this year, loan origination is up 22%, but 57% of that is off balance sheet. So you can see that we continue to look at that mix and how we can use our balance sheet as a lead, 70% or so of the syndicated financed deals we lead, but how we can utilize that to really drive some of the fee income streams you were referencing.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: My main question is, how can you be content with an efficiency ratio target of 60% to 65%? I guess it was 69% in the fourth quarter and I suppose 68% or so for the year. So it's certainly an improvement. But when I look back over time, with all the efficiency initiatives KeyCorp has had, and some of this predates you, Beth, but you have Fit for Growth now. You finished Keyvolution, Resource 2000, PEG. When I look all the way back to 1994, your efficiency ratio was 58%. And after 2 decades of all these programs and all the technological advances and all the hopes for economies of scale, you're now targeting an efficiency ratio that's above what you had 2 decades ago. So should you be content with the ratio of 60% to 65%?
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Mike. This is Beth, and I'll go ahead and just reiterate, obviously, our commitment with Fit for Growth, which is to reduce our expenses by $150 million to $200 million and also to use those to drive revenue in addition to our efficiency plans that get us to that 60% to 65% by 2014. So in addition to the business mix, which we are driving enhanced performance, I believe, through that mix of business and those differentiated capabilities, we're also incurring costs that include regulatory and compliance. We have some costs related to investments that are still early in the days of their return. The examples in 2012 would be Western New York, credit card. Jeff mentioned and I mentioned technology as an enabler of our business and investments in that regard. But I couple those in the context of the improvement in our business performance that is evident in 2012: loan growth, fees, growth in deposits, but awfully a significantly different mix and cost of those deposits. We've had meaningful improvements in our operating results of our Corporate Bank, and we've got many initiatives aimed at improving the performance of our Community Bank, perhaps most notably kind of the headline would be around rationalizing some of our branch networks. So I think we've been, are and will be diligent in considering every meaningful idea. Nothing is off the table, and we are working a portfolio of ideas that fit our strategy and are designed to improve our performance both in the immediate near term as well as over the long term, and we've got a nice mix of ideas in that regard. So I believe we're executing a very sound plan. It will improve our performance and enhance our valuations.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: If I could just have one follow up, and that was helpful. On the one hand, Beth, you said you're -- or KeyCorp is done shedding assets. And on the other hand, you said nothing is off the table. So given underperformance, again, that predates you and efficiency ratios versus the best-in-class players, 52% versus your target of even 60% to 65%, why not have an independent board committee reassess the strategy to create more shareholder value such as by optimizing the geographic footprint? And the reason I asked that is in my mind, having covered the company for 2 decades, again, obviously predating when you got to the company, Beth, but it seems to be so spread out, from Maine to Washington to Florida to Alaska, that maybe that's the root cause for not being as optimized as, say, a U.S. Bancorp or several other banks, large and small. So would you consider having an independent board committee take a look at how to create more shareholder value such as by optimizing the geographic footprint since you said nothing is off the table?
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Mike. I think it's clear that Key has a very experienced Board of Independent Directors, and they regularly evaluate our strategies, our position in the industry and our markets. They look at our plans, our performance and balance that we're doing the right things for our constituencies and that our plan will drive value for our shareholders. So we believe there's tremendous value in our company, and our job as a management team is to execute on those plans and strategies that we believe will be successful for us.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Foran with Autonomous.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I guess loan sales, you mentioned the leverage to the improvement in commercial real estate. Is that a line item you can continue to grow from here? Or how should we think about the near-term outlook for loan sales revenue?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure. It's Chris Gorman, Brian. We have a solid pipeline. Our pipeline is, frankly, every bit as big as it was going into this year. If you look at kind of the line items that go through there, which are basically mortgage banking to Fannie, Freddie, FHA and the life companies, we're up from, say, $1 billion in 2010 to just call it $3.9 billion this year. We think it's -- we don't think we can continue probably on that trajectory. But as we look at our pipelines, our pipelines are actually greater today than they were a year ago.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now take our next question from Nancy Bush with NAB Research, LLC.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: [Audio Gap] business segment and as we know, that's an increasingly competitive segment. Could you just speak to your results in small business? And whether small business customers are sort of demanding things that are different than what they wanted in the past?
Beth E. Mooney: Nancy, this is Beth. I apologize, but the very early -- probably about half your question did not come through. Can we ask you to repeat your question?
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I just said that KeyCorp has always been recognized as a good small business bank. And if you could just speak to your results in small business since that segment is becoming increasingly competitive and whether -- what the demands of small business are now that perhaps are different than they have been historically?
William R. Koehler: Nancy, this is Bill Koehler. A couple of comments. In the past year or so, we have seen the tone of small business improve. People are beginning to invest more, and we've been able to serve them in 2 ways through providing loans and deposits and other operating capabilities as you normally would. But also by using our SBA capabilities, and we have leveraged them very effectively to support a wide range of small businesses in our footprint to the point where we're even acknowledged by the SBA in May, I believe, or June for -- as a leading SBA lender to middle-market companies in the country. So we feel very good about where our clients and prospects are in terms of wanting to build their businesses and invest in them. They're still a little cautious, but they're stronger. And we have proven an ability to continue to serve them. We see opportunity ahead. Chris mentioned payments as an opportunity to further penetrate our clients, add more value and generate more revenue over time. But we feel good about the progress we're making.
Beth E. Mooney: And Nancy, this is Beth. I would add that one of the things as we track various levels in business volume and pipeline, this particular market segment has been perhaps the slowest to regain confidence and really start borrowing and lending again. And we noted what I would call the inflection point in the fourth quarter of 2011. But as we close out 2012, there's been a notable increase in pipelines in new business volume and business banking, coupled with some behavior that's similar to middle-market clients while retaining more cash. And we have really also worked to make sure not only we have the business capabilities, that we'd also connect those business owners to our private bank to help them maximize and optimize both their business assets of their personal assets.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Rob Placet from Matt's team. I was just curious, how meaningful could fee revenue opportunities be from the recent deals and investments you guys made in credit card and payment areas?
William R. Koehler: I guess -- this is Bill, Rob. We feel very good about the progress we are making in both cases. In credit card, we are growing our accounts at a faster rate than planned. We're seeing improvement in fees -- or I should say dollars transacted per -- dollars per transaction. So we're seeing a lot of evidence that our integration process is working well. We think we can grow that nicely over time. And in the case of HSBC, within that franchise, we're seeing similar positive dynamics. Retention rates of those clients have been better than planned. Employee retention is better than planned. So we see some momentum building, and we think we can continue to grow it.
Beth E. Mooney: And Rob, this is Beth. I would give you kind of a particular metric that I look at when I think about it, specifically about the income opportunity. Not having been a credit card issuer, our platform would have been more debit card-focused: freebies, [indiscernible] and obviously, in a different environment before Durbin. And we have 70% penetration in our checking account of debit cards. Now granted people use debit cards in a variety of ways and a variety of reasons, but bringing back in credit card and becoming a credit card issuer, our penetration on credit card currently is only 12%. So if you think about the opportunity to align that with our relationship rewards and all our core product capabilities and create more choice of how people exercise payment capabilities between debit card and credit card both for transactional needs as well as revolving credit. There is a significant fee opportunity that will come from that, both through growth but also through just penetration with our own client base.
William R. Koehler: And Rob, one other thought. We just spoke about the revenue side here. As part of our integration plans, there are opportunities to improve our infrastructure costs as well, which end up flowing through to the bottom line.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Beth, can you share with us, when you guys look at your capital, clearly it would appear to most of us that you're very well capitalized, especially when you look at the Tier 1 common ratio and the Basel III. I assume you guys will be around the 7.25% to 7.5% requirement. What level above that are you willing to carry the bank at? And second to that, in terms of what the CCAR, in terms of your application, can you share with us if you applied for more of a return of capital than what you did last year?
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Gerard, I'll go ahead and start with that, and then I'll let Jeff talk about relative capitalization levels. On CCAR, I would tell you that we very much did like the starting point that we went into this year's process. As you noted, we had strong capital, solidly profitable, rebalanced, derisked our balance sheet, and I think we've got very strong process and strong models, which are all important to that process. Our capital remains solid even after the plans we submitted, and what we submitted would be consistent with our capital priorities. And as we've talked about them, if the opportunity to increase our dividends to our shareholders, an opportunity to look at share repurchases, an opportunity to have a return of capital, so everything we submitted would be consistent with that, and we, like the rest of the industry, will share more broadly in March with the expected announcement of the results with the Federal Reserve.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: And Gerard, on Basel III, I think we have to wait until we see the final rules to come out to determine where we're going to operate and where the industry is going to operate. Clearly, at this particular point in time, we start with a very solid position and of course, that will be something that we'll have to manage to whatever those targets are over time. It's not our expectation that anybody is going to be allowed to do a major step change in their overall capital. So I think consistent with what Beth is talking about, the capital plans are filed, we go through the process and we wait to hear back in March on that.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Beth, I don't know if you want to disclose this, some of the other banks have -- that they've applied for more of a return of capital this year than last year. Did you -- would you guys be able to tell us if your number is going to be greater than the 50%, I think, you mentioned earlier in the call?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Gerard, this is Jeff. I think in terms of the 50% that was in 2012, it was really for 3 quarters because we did not have any share repurchase plans in place in the first quarter of 2012. So last year's CCAR covered a period of the second quarter through the first quarter of 2013. And I believe we talked about we have $88 million remaining under that authorization at this point in time. We evaluate share repurchase, dividends and all the rest of the potential needs for capital when we put together our capital plans and submitted it. And I think we will simply wait until the findings come back from the Federal Reserve and disclose that information at that particular point in time.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alan Straus with Schroders.
Alan Straus: I was just kind of following up on Mike Mayo's question. Why is the target of 60% to 65%, the efficiency ratio, so much lower or actually the ratio is higher than some of the leading banks? And where did that number come from?
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, this is Beth, and I will start with a piece about our business mix and our business model does have differences. And from where we start, we're targeting 60% to 65% by 2014. And I think some of the tenor and the tone of what we try to convey today is that will reflect the demonstrable progress we intend to make in 2013. But we're also committed to being a company that works continuous improvement and has a business model that will also have more opportunities for revenue growth over the intermediate and long term as well.
Alan Straus: Okay. Just one last question. Do you guys give out average -- ending assets, not average assets, at the end of the quarter but ending assets?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: It's there in our balance sheet, so they’re directly in the press release. You can look at ending, average, all different -- they're in the press release.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I just want to come back on the efficiency ratio question. Beth, when you mentioned 2014 and you mentioned 60%, 65%, I just want to make sure we're all super clear. 60% to 65% is you're expecting that to be on a cash basis or on a GAAP basis when you speak about 2014?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: It's on a cash basis. But if you look at the amount of amortization that we have in any given year, what we're currently running at would amount to about $45 million.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Right. So it's not that much. And then the second clarifying question is, are you talking about getting there on a full year basis or by the end of the year?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: We talk about entering 2014 at that level.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Entering, okay. So -- and does that mean in the fourth meaning you're there at the end of the fourth when you report fourth quarter earnings or you mean first quarter? These are the questions that were coming in there. So I just want to make sure everyone is super clear.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: We mean in the first quarter of 2014. So 2013 is our year to show that we are making that step improvement, that we're taking cost out of the organization and we're growing the franchise at the same time. So as we go through the year, the expectation in the second half of the year is you'll see improvement over what we're running at in the first half of the year, and then we will have the full benefit as we enter 2014. We're trying to be as aggressive as possible in addressing our cost in the first half of the year to get as much as we can. And we'll provide, obviously, updates as we go on through this calendar year. That is our current plan. And I think we've been pretty transparent in our previous comments that we've made about other forms of expectations in the past, whether it's been on margin, expense levels, et cetera. So that is what we are targeting in the year, starting next year.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So first quarter '14, cash efficiency ratio get breaks into 60% to 65%.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Scinicariello from UBS.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a big picture question for you, Beth. As I kind of look at all the focus areas that you have for 2013 and all the opportunities that you have, whether it's increasing the revenues through the fee income and average earning asset growth, continuing to manage the expenses, optimizing the franchise, deploying capital, all these things. I was just curious, as you look at the year, how do you rank these opportunities and which ones give you the most bang for the buck?
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Steve. As I look at it, I think several of the priorities, we are well in flight. I mean, it's a matter of continued rigorous focus that would be and maintain our moderate risk profile. I think returning within our targeted range on charge-offs and having realized significant benefit of quality of improvement in our balance sheet is something we just need to stay focused on. Our distinctive business model, I think, is already showing results and has been in our 2012 proof point. So I think continuing to invest smartly and drive our business outcome is a momentum we take into 2013. So I think the 2 areas that are highest on our radar screen would be aligning our cost structure and delivering on our Fit for Growth commitments, in a way where our targeted investments as well as our business strategy creates a trajectory of revenue to meet that 60% to 65% cash efficiency ratio as we start 2014.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Makes total sense. Sounds like 2013 should be one of playing a lot more offense rather than defense, and definitely look forward to that.
Operator: Due to time constraints, that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Beth Mooney.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, thank you, operator, and thank you for taking your time all to -- out of your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations group, Vernon Patterson or Kelly Lammers. Their number, (216) 689-3133. And that concludes our remarks for today. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth E. Mooney - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Council, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of ERM Committee Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Member of Executive Council Christopher Marrott Gorman - President of Key Corporate Bank and Vice Chairman of Keybank National Association William R. Koehler - President of Key Community Bank William L. Hartmann - Chief Risk Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Member Executive Council
Analysts: Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Beth Mooney. Please go ahead.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for today's presentation is Jeff Weeden, our Chief Financial Officer, and available for the Q&A portion of the call are the leaders at Key Corporate Bank and Key Community Bank: Chris Gorman and Bill Koehler. And also joining us for the Q&A discussion are our Treasurer, Joe Vayda; and our Chief Risk Officer, Bill Hartmann. Slide 2 is our forward-looking disclosure statement. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call today. Slide 3 provides some highlights on our third quarter. Our results underscore the company's sustained drive to increase revenue, reduce cost and grow the franchise. We recorded net income from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders of $214 million or $0.23 per common share this morning. Revenue for the quarter benefited from a 6% improvement in net interest income, driven by 17 basis point increase in the net interest margin and continued loan growth. C&I loans rose for the sixth consecutive quarter, and we surpassed our commitment to lend $5 billion to small businesses with up to $20 million in revenue, 2 years ahead of schedule in this quarter. Home equity loans reached their highest level in recent years, in part due to our successful borrowing campaign we have launched. On the cost side, we are on pace to reach our targeted annual expense reductions of $150 million to $200 million by December 2013. These efficiency initiatives will lower Key's cost structure to align with the current operating environment and should improve the company's competitive position in its markets. During the quarter, we took steps to enhance our franchise, our product offerings and our profitability. We re-entered the credit card business by acquiring a $725 million Key-branded credit card portfolio, made up of our own clients, and by beginning to self-issue cards. The acquisition provides us with an opportunity to solidify our payments platform while realizing attractive financial benefits. To strengthen our share of 2 attractive markets in Western New York, we acquired 37 branches in Buffalo and Rochester from which we expect to grow current customer relationships and build new ones. Our underlying credit quality continues to improve, and in this quarter, we did make provisions to account for our acquisitions and to meet updated regulatory guidance. Jeff will cover these items in his remarks. The final few items on this slide highlight our continuing commitment to disciplined capital management. In addition to leveraging our strong capital position through recent acquisitions, we have continued to return capital to our shareholders by repurchasing common stock and through dividends. Turning to Slide 4. I'm sure everyone on the call today is aware of the challenges facing our industry. We have endured a protracted period of slow economic growth and historically low interest rates, and we believe these conditions are likely to continue. That said, we have taken steps to position Key for growth and improve profitability. We are focused on revenue growth, improving efficiency and disciplined capital management. Our results this quarter are evidence of our progress. First, we are increasing revenue. Organically, our relationship model is generating results from new customers and expanding relationships with existing clients, who are using more of our services. We are seeing our lending businesses grow and our market share expand. And as I mentioned, we continue to invest in our businesses. This quarter included our branch acquisition and reentering the credit card business. Both provide new revenue streams and opportunities to grow our client base. In addition, we are able to deploy the additional balance sheet liquidity from our branch acquisition into higher yielding credit card assets and into the redemption of the trust preferred securities. Next, we believe one of our most effective levers comes from lowering our expense base and creating a more variable cost structure on the one hand, and delivering a high-quality client experience on the other. As we said earlier, we made progress this quarter on our efficiency initiative, and we remain focused on reaching our efficiency ratio target of 60% to 65%, all this while remaining committed to our relationship model. Finally, we see our capital position as a competitive advantage. How we manage our capital will continue to be one of the most important decisions we make for this franchise over the next several years. Overall, our third quarter results were another step forward for our company as we continue to make progress on our targets for success. Now let me turn our call over to Jeff for some further comments on our results. Jeff?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Thank you, Beth. Slide 6 provides a summary of the company's third quarter 2012 results from continuing operations. As we reported this morning, the company earned a net profit from continuing operations of $0.23 per common share for the third quarter compared to $0.23 for the second quarter of this year and $0.24 for the third quarter of 2011. There were a number of moving parts this quarter that Beth touched on in her remarks that impacted our results. First, we completed the acquisition of the branches in Western New York. Second, we redeemed $707 million of trust preferred securities. Third, we reacquired our Key-branded credit card portfolio. Fourth, we terminated 2 additional leverage leases. And fifth, we implemented new regulatory guidance on how we were handling certain credits involved in Chapter 7 bankruptcies. I'll cover how these events impacted our results in more detail in the following slides. Turning to Slide 7. Average total loans for the third quarter were up $1,249,000,000 or 2.5% unannualized compared to the second quarter of this year. Included in this amount was the impact of the loans acquired with the Western New York branches of $223 million and our Key-branded credit card portfolio of $473 million. In addition to the acquired loans, we also continued to experience growth in our C&I and home equity loans. Our period-ending loan balances were higher than average loan balances by $724 million, which should bode well for growth in our fourth quarter average total loan balances. And our exit portfolio declined $375 million during the third quarter. The reduction in the exit portfolio was both from normal amortization and the early termination of leverage leases. On a period-end basis, our exit portfolios from continuing operations represented less than 6% of total loans at September 30, 2012. Continuing to Slide 8. On the liability side of the balance sheet, our trend of improving deposit mix continued into the third quarter, where we experienced an increase in average balances of non-time deposits of approximately $2.6 billion or 5.2% unannualized. Contributing to this increase was the addition of $1.6 billion of mostly consumer deposits associated with our acquisition of branches in Western New York. You can also see here where the deposit funding costs have significantly declined over the past year. This, along with debt maturities and the redemption of trust preferred securities, is driving down the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. As we stated last quarter, maturities of higher-costing CDs and debt would benefit the net interest margin in the second half of the current year. During the fourth quarter, we have approximately $540 million of CDs at an average cost of 4.9% maturity. These maturities, along with getting the full benefit of our third quarter maturities, will continue to lower our funding costs in the fourth quarter and help offset pressure on the asset yields in this low-rate environment. Turning to Slide 9. For the third quarter of 2012, the company's net interest margin was 3.23% compared to 3.06% for the second quarter, a 17 basis point expansion. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $578 million for the third quarter, up 6.3% from the $544 million we've reported in the second quarter, primarily as a result of improvement in funding cost and earning asset mix. We also had 2 leverage leases terminate during the quarter, which negatively impacted net interest income and the net interest margin for the third quarter by $13 million and 7 basis points, respectively. This was the same impact we experienced last quarter, in the second quarter, on net interest income and the net interest margin. On deposit front, we realized $5 million of accretion associated with our credit card purchase, which added approximately 3 basis points to the margin. Based on continued improvement in our funding costs, a change in asset mix driven by higher loan balances and lower investment security balances and excluding any potential impact from early termination of leverage leases, we anticipate the net interest margin for the fourth quarter to be in the low 3.30% area. On the noninterest income front, fee income was positively impacted from a $39 million of gains we realized on the early termination of certain leverage leases. This was $26 million net of the impact to the net interest margin. As well, we also incurred a -- or experienced a $54 million gain from the redemption of trust preferred securities during the quarter. Gains on loan sales continued to be strong, driven by commercial mortgage origination activity in our Real Estate Capital line of business, and our pipeline in this business remains solid, headed into the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 10. Noninterest expense for the third quarter of 2012 remained well-controlled at $734 million, up $20 million from the second quarter. Included in our expense for the third quarter was approximately $16 million in costs related to our acquisition of branches in Western New York, including $8 million of merger integration costs and $2 million of amortization of intangibles. In addition, expenses associated with our credit card portfolio acquisition were $10 million and included amortization of the purchase credit card receivable premium of approximately $6 million. As we announced last quarter, we are targeting $150 million to $200 million of expense reductions by the end of next year. We are making progress with implementing initiatives, including closing certain branches, consolidating operations and adjusting staff levels to meet customer demand. We remain on track to deliver approximately $30 million to $50 million of our targeted savings by the end of this year with efforts continuing throughout 2013. We will also continue making investments for future growth. Our efforts are not all about cost-cutting, but they are about improving profitability and ensuring we meet the ever-changing regulatory demands facing our industry and Key. Turning to Slide 11. Credit quality metrics and provision for the third quarter were impacted by a number of items. Net charge-offs for the third quarter were $109 million or 86 basis points of average loans. Included in this were $45 million of additional charge-offs we recognized as a result of updated regulatory guidance related to consumer loans discharged through bankruptcy. This $45 million represented approximately 35 basis points of net charge-offs to average loans for the quarter. In addition, the change in guidance also resulted in adding $38 million to our nonperforming loan totals at September 30, 2012. Going forward, we do not expect this change in recognition to have a meaningful impact on our net charge-offs or nonperforming loan additions. During the third quarter, we also incurred provision expense of $32 million associated with our credit card portfolio and branch acquisitions and established an allowance for loan and lease losses of $29 million at September 30, 2012, associated with these particular portfolios. We expect provision expense for these portfolios will be significantly less in the fourth quarter. At September 30, our reserve for loan losses represented 1.73% of period-end loans and 136% coverage of nonperforming loans. On Page 19 in the appendix, we provide our long-term trend of past due and criticized loans, both of which continued to show improvement through September 30 of this year. We remain on track with our asset quality trends of achieving our long-term targeted goal for net charge-offs in the 40 to 50 basis point range of average loans. And finally, turning to Slide 12. Our tangible common equity ratio and estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio both remained strong at September 30, 2012, at 10.4% and 11.4%, respectively. We have also updated our estimated Basel III Tier 1 common ratio as of September 30, 2012, based on the Fed's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on a fully implemented basis at 10.5%. And during the third quarter, we repurchased 9.6 million of our common shares at an average cost of $8.36 per share, and we will continue to execute on our share repurchase authorization during the fourth quarter of this year. That concludes our remarks, and now we will turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to start -- this morning, Huntington, in their earnings release, they said they saw a broad-based change in customer sentiment late in the quarter, talking about uncertainty over the economy, issues like the fiscal cliff. Are you guys seeing this shift in your customers as well? And do you expect this to impact growth over the near-term?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, Steve. It's Chris Gorman here. We are. I was just out with our leasing folks, which I think is a pretty good forward look, and clearly, we have seen a slowdown in terms of, for example, equipment purchases. I think the fiscal cliff, the election, I think all these things play into it, but right now, we have -- backlogs are strong, but I do think there is a fair amount of hesitancy out there in the marketplace in the business community.
William R. Koehler: And I -- this is Bill Koehler, sorry, Steve. I would agree that as we look at middle market and even in our business banking, smaller businesses, we would see the same amount of cautiousness, I guess, as we go forward.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Just a follow-up. Following the news of QE3, and we’re seeing MBS yields come down, we're seeing quite a few banks get even more aggressive on deposit repricing. We're seeing money market products that we thought where floors go even further. As you guys look at your deposit repricing strategy, are you putting even more aggressive reductions in there, right, particularly as all these high-cost CDs roll off?
William R. Koehler: Steve, this is Bill again. We have not been any more aggressive. We believe our relationship strategy helps us attract good customers at deposit levels, at pricing levels that make sense, and we have maintained a very consistent pricing strategy in the market.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steve Scinicariello with UBS.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple quick ones for you. Just as you guys look to continue to improve the payments platform, I know you brought in the Key-branded customers, the $725 million of receivables. I'm just kind of curious, what kind of revenue opportunities do you see and potential for growth in that portfolio that you might have going forward, if you could give some color on that?
William R. Koehler: This is Bill again. Thanks for the question. We feel very good about our credit card acquisition because it broadens our product offering in a way that is very consistent with the way clients are choosing to behave in the market, and we can also fold it into our relationship awards platform. So whereas prior to the acquisition, we had a debit card strategy and that was impacted by Durbin, here, we can offer a more -- a broader product offering that give our clients more choices, and early days, everything is moving according to plan.
Beth E. Mooney: And Steve, I would just add that, as Jeff mentioned in his comments, that it did create a more favorable asset mix on our balance sheet, as well as strong economics from the use of those credit cards. This was part of our Durbin mitigation strategy. And when you couple that with the realignment and the more efficient platforms we have done underneath on the cost structure, this is a big step forward for us as we replace some of the impacts of the governmental price controls.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Definitely, and so we should expect that and those balances to keep growing as we look ahead then, right?
William R. Koehler: We're early days -- this is Bill again, early days. We are pleased with the results we are seeing.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Good. And then just my last question, just in terms of some of the franchise improvement and optimization that you guys referenced in the beginning of the call, I’m just kind of curious in terms of the timing of maybe some of the pruning of some areas or, like you said, consolidating or optimizing some of these things. What's kind of the pace that we should expect as we look ahead?
Beth E. Mooney: Steve, this is Beth. We will keep you updated as we go through. We did indicate that we have made progress on what we had targeted of $30 million to $50 million of our total goal this year, and I think we announced that we have closed 16 branches in the third quarter, and we have another 3 scheduled for closure in the fourth quarter. We have consolidated some of our back rooms. We have worked to reduce our staffing levels, and we've continued to look at our procurement and vendor relationship. So as we go into the end of the year, we feel good about the $30 million to $50 million that will be coming through in our 2013 run rate and have plans and implementation strategies in line of sight to be $150 million to $200 million by the end of 2013.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Steve, this is Jeff Weeden. Just to give you a little bit more in terms of some proof points on it also. If you remember, last quarter, we talked about some of the things that we had entered into and specifically in our Real Estate Capital line of business. You can see that starting to really show up if you look at the line of business reporting, and it's on Page 28 of the earnings release this morning. You'll see that FTE count is down in that particular area, and deposits are up. So we said it was a combination of what we were also going to be able to do on the cost side, but also looking at what we had to do on the revenue side. So it's a combination. When we talk about it, it's just not about costs. It's also about revenue enhancements and improvement and improving the overall profitability. So the numbers are coming through in various lines of business, and we're making reinvestments also just as we talked about in card or the branches in Western New York.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Marty Mosby with Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Beth, I wanted to ask. You had mentioned that one of the most strategic kind of paths, which given the excess capital that you have, is the deployment of your -- of that excess capital. Can you give us some prioritization in the sense of how you really want to take that capital and put it to work? And also give us kind of a third dimension of time and a sense of how fast do you want to get it back and/or will you hold some back for some strategic use down the road?
Beth E. Mooney: Marty, thank you. We have talked about our capital priorities and said that, obviously, our level of capital, we believe, is a competitive strength in the coming years. And as we've talked about our priorities, clearly, our first 2 priorities -- our first priority is to support our own organic growth of our business model, and you have heard in this quarter, we utilized some of our capital for the purpose of branch acquisition and the credit card portfolio. From there, we prioritized dividends, and second, from there, would be the repurchase of our shares underneath the CCAR process at these attractive rates that our stock is trading in the market. And as you correctly pointed out that, fourth, you would always retain some level of capital to create flexibility for strategic opportunities to enhance the franchise and grow the business over time.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just one more question about this credit card acquisition. We're seeing this happen more often within the kind of superregional bank group, where, in the past, we had so much loan growth. We were crowding out some of our assets. Now that we have all the deposit funding, we're kind of looking back and pulling some of those assets back on the balance sheet. But if you also look at in a sense of the debit card pressure that we have for the regulatory change and then on the flip side, you have the HELOC product that's under so much capital pressure. Do those things just kind of push us right back into this credit card business? And then lastly, how about the operations of bringing the portfolio back on the balance sheet? Is there any challenges there?
Beth E. Mooney: Marty, I'll take a first pass at that, and then I'll let Bill or Jeff add if they have some additional thoughts. But in terms of bringing the credit card balances back on, one of the big drivers, I think, for all the regional banks has also been the ability in the cost infrastructure to actually service those cards is dramatically different than it was 10 years ago when many of us exited the business. And it fits more fully with relationship strategies versus the days when it was more of a mono-line product. So we see it as attractive client relationship, honing that client experience, as well as attractive client economics. So we view it as a good augment to our payment platform, as well as our client experience, and have plenty of room within our balance sheet for good relationship loans to include equity and card. I don't think we have any further comments.
Operator: And we'll go next to Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question, I just wanted to make sure I understood your guidance correctly for expenses. If we run rate the $734 million that we saw this quarter, I get $2.9 billion, and then I take off the one -- the midpoint of your guidance, and I get to 2.76 run rate for next year. Can you -- is that, a, the right way to think it? And b, could you keep it that flat and to that level? In other words, is the expense program or the expense savings that you mentioned net of any sort of core investments that you'll make into next year?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: So this is Jeff Weeden. We're going to continue to make investments, and I think we talked about that earlier, and I made that in my prepared remarks too, is that we will continue in this path, down this path. There's a lot of things that we have to -- all of us do in the banking industry to meet all the due updated regulatory requirements. And as we're going through and improving the overall efficiency and effectiveness, we're continuing also to invest in our businesses, and so I think you're seeing top line revenue growth also is what we're driving for. So we're targeting a 65 -- a 60% to 65% efficiency ratio. That's one of our targeted items. Now to get there, we have to have expense reduction and also revenue growth. And one of the things that we are keenly focused on is reducing costs where we can reduce costs. So we haven't given a specific target for the absolute run rate of expenses for 2013 at this particular juncture. What we have talked about is reducing our costs from where we were. You have to add in, which is why we tried to show some of the waterfall effect here when we talk about it, add in what we're making reinvestments on and what those reinvestments are for going forward.
Beth E. Mooney: Erika, Jeff referenced the waterfall, and that is on Page 10 of our slide deck, and I think it will help you understand some of the dynamics of the $734 million for this quarter.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, yes, and on just -- on the -- I appreciate the guidance that you gave for the fourth quarter on the margin. Looking at the average the balance sheet, I appreciate the commentary on deposit costs, but it still looks like there could be some wood to chop on the wholesale funding side. I guess, could you give us a sense of what the opportunities could be in terms of either the maturities of debt or maybe calling some debt to help support the margin into 2013?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay, so this is Jeff Weeden. What we have provided guidance on again was for the fourth quarter. We'll update our guidance for 2013. We continue to have maturities of CDs. Here, we talked about the $540 million in the fourth quarter. We'll have additional maturities in 2013, but they go down dramatically. So while we've been running close to the -- we had $1 billion in the third quarter. We’ve had $500 million here in the fourth quarter. They start to drop into the $200 million to $250 million per quarter going forward. So the entire 2013 time period, basically, the higher-costing CDs are about $1 billion left [ph]. I think when we look at our debt, we have additional debt maturities next year, but they're not that significant at this particular point in time. And in 2013, we have $750 million that matures in the May time period next year. So there's not a lot of additional debt maturities, and I think the other thing that we're constantly looking at is what do we need to have for a level of debt that's outstanding also to support just long-term liquidity of the balance sheet. So these are all the different things that we're looking at. We'll provide additional guidance as we get into next year. We think we're well-positioned at this point in time. The credit card portfolio is only on for a partial quarter at the -- in the third quarter. We'll have the full quarter benefit of it. You'll see that in the average balances for what we talked about. I think it's about $773 million over the average -- or the ending balances. If you look at the average balances, they were basically in that $470 million range, so significantly different. We'll get about $300 million pickup there in terms of balances at a much higher yield.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: The card acquisition and branch acquisition that must have added to expenses in excess of the one-time charge, what was that number?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. So what we have on an ongoing basis, if you -- on Slide 10 in our deck, we tried to point this out. So the $16 million that we incurred in the branch acquisition, Mike, of that, we had $8 million of one-time expense, and we also had $2 million of amortization of the core deposit intangible that was embedded in that. So about $6 million were the ongoing costs. If you look at the card portfolio...
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: Before you leave the branches, so another -- just the cost of running branches goes up $6 million due to the acquisition?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Cost of -- roughly, yes.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: In other words, other than the one-time, the permanent step-up in expenses due to the branch acquisition would be $6 million?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Approximately, yes. And then if you look at the card portfolio, we have the ongoing costs associated with the processing of the cards, and we also have embedded in that are the purchased credit card receivable amortization. In the third quarter, that number was $6 million, and it will increase in the fourth quarter as we have an entire quarter. So it will go up approximately $2 million. So on a quarterly basis, the $6 million will go to approximately $8 million going forward, and then we have just our normal processing costs that go along with that particular card portfolio in addition to other services.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: So all I'm trying to get to is if you hadn't done these acquisitions, how much would your expenses have gone up?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: If we hadn't done these acquisitions, compared to the prior quarter, expenses would have been down.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: Down how much?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Approximately $6 million.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: Okay. So core expenses then are down $6 million, and doing the same logic, if you hadn't done either of these acquisitions, what would have happened to the margin?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, it’s very dynamic, Mike. I think as you look at it, we use the deposit funding here to really offset the maturities that we had in terms of the $707 million worth of trust preferreds. We also had additional debt maturities of about $650 million during the third quarter that were outside of the calls, and then on top of that, the investments of -- in terms of the card portfolio. So it was really used to help fund that particular investment, along with just lower levels of investment securities. So the balance sheet changed on the asset side, as well as the liability side.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: However you want to look at it, but the margin was up 17 basis points. If you hadn't done these deals, in your estimate, it would have been up 10, 5, flat, down?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, our -- in our analysis that we talked about, it probably would have been up about 10 basis points without the -- without it...
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: And the loan -- okay, and the loan growth, what would loan growth have been without these acquisitions?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Loan growth, we still would have had very strong loan growth on the C&I book, and so we've really given the breakout of the overall loan growth without it. I think we were up about 1.1%, excluding the acquisitions, but that's because a lot of this -- that's on an average balance basis, Mike.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: Right, okay. And NII, if you hadn't done the deals?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Net interest income, if we hadn't done the deals, I guess, I don't have that number right off the top of my head, Mike. We'll have to do the math on that.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: Okay. That's -- my big question is, I recall -- or maybe if you can just talk about the history of KeyCorp in the credit card business because you have to appreciate over the last 2 decades, KeyCorp has expanded its product line many times only to contract. I recall, 1997, KeyCorp sold off some credit cards, and what I just don't understand is how KeyCorp has the capabilities and the portfolio to compete with the likes of a J.P. Morgan, American Express and Capital One and others that have made huge investments in brand, loyalty and partnership. So KeyCorp getting back in the credit card business, I'm sorry, it's a little bit déjà vu, and I'm just wondering if that makes sense. Clearly, you've thought about this long and hard, and what can you say to reassure those of us who've been around for a while and seen a few of these cycles?
Beth E. Mooney: Mike, this is Beth. I'll go ahead and take that. I do think the credit card industry and the ability for regional banks to compete in the credit cards space as a relationship product is very different than it was 10 years ago. I made reference to that in an earlier answer that I provided. We look at to this as an augment to our relationship strategy. This product offering will be embedded in our relationship rewards, which is our primary account offering right now for our mass affluent client base, and the underlying cost structure, as Jeff said, we can outsource the processing of that. So it's a volume variable expense for us so that we have created a nice profitable spread by reentering. So this is not a business line that we intend to re-embark as a growth strategy for client acquisition or a lead product. We see it as a complement to our existing portfolios. Many other regional banks have also gone back into this, and we can own and control the client experiences. We've offered cards but through a white label relationship. So this client base also has, as we -- on August 1, when we announced this transaction, had substantial deposits and investments with us and loans. So this is a well-seasoned and mature set of clients that we acquired.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: And then last follow-up. I ran over to our credit card analyst, and I said what you were doing. And he said that the key to the credit card business today is what makes them sticky -- the most sticky is the rewards that you offer as opposed to the issuer, as opposed to being KeyCorp, the offer you present to them. So how is your credit card offer going to be strong enough to be sticky so that the other credit card players with enormous scale don't pull them away?
Beth E. Mooney: I'm going to let Bill Koehler augment that. But as I said, we are embedding this into our Relationship Rewards program that we have with our client base. We have already got a very strong relationship rewards. And a year ago, when Durbin was enacted, one of the things Key did that was differentiating in the market space was we reaffirmed and relaunched our rewards, and this was a product gap. And, we, obviously, as we looked at our Durbin mitigation strategies, reacquiring that card portfolio, putting it in our existing relationship reward product to make it more robust, get the attractive client economics, the attractive usage economics, as well as being able to process it on a variable cost basis, was a significant part of our strategy to mitigate Durbin.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The C&I growth was quite strong this quarter, and frankly, we're seeing slowdowns for most other banks, and I'm just wondering what is driving that. You mentioned some of your real estate lines of business within the broader C&I bucket, but maybe a little more detail in terms of what's driving that. Is it chunky? Is it broad-based? And then I think you had said the pipeline at the end of the quarter looked pretty good. So a little more flavor, going forward, as well, please?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Well, Matt, it's Chris. I think what's driving it is our strategy enables us to really take share. For example, in the corporate bank, in terms of new clients of this year, we have 450 new clients that have generated around $63 million or so of revenue. And so while there are some challenges in the marketplace, and I think there's a lot of concerns out there, we do see ourselves continuing to take share. The other thing that I would remind you of, of course, is that our business model -- 54% of our revenues are noninterest income. So that gives us, we think, a lever that's a little differentiated from some of our competitors as well.
William R. Koehler: And I would add -- Matt, this is Bill. I would add on the smaller end, what we've seen throughout the year is a general trend of smaller companies getting stronger and having an opportunity to strengthen their balance sheet, strengthen their business, and although it's smaller dollars in terms of its impact on the whole, we have seen our loan volumes in business banking migrate up and our pipelines remain consistent as a result.
William L. Hartmann: And Matt, this is Bill Hartmann, just maybe to add a little bit to what Chris and Bill have said. We've actually seen pretty good growth across the geographies and across our major segments of business. This is the result of a lot of effort that went into identifying who the customers were that we wanted to do business with and then decking bankers against those clients and understanding what our appetite for risk was and then just going out and executing. So it's a concerted strategy against the defined customer base.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And was there anything in particular that happened this quarter where, again, it just seems like you had an acceleration of growth versus deceleration for others? And sometimes, these initiatives and efforts take a while to bear fruit, but they just kind of all come together at once? Or there's always some puts and takes, and this quarter, it kind of all went in the same direction?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So, Matt, it’s Chris again. There's always -- it's always a little bit lumpy. Here, in the corporate bank, we, on a quarter-over-quarter basis, we were up about 1.9%. That would compare to, say, 11% over the last year. So there was really nothing particular in this quarter that was any huge piece of business. But what we do see is, Bill Hartmann mentioned, the notion of being very targeted in certain industries and knowing exactly who we want to do business with. We've been at this pretty hard for a couple of years now, and we are getting our shots with our targeted customers, and so that's really what’s driving it.
Beth E. Mooney: And Matt, as we looked at the quarter, one of the things we did say in our second quarter call is that we went into the third quarter with solid and strong pipelines, and some piece of what we talked about was what was going to be the pull-through rate because it really was based in client and business sentiment. And so to your question, is this episodic or is it the trend, I think it was the pull-through of a strong pipeline into the second quarter, broad-based, geographically from a client base and reflects our targeted relationship strategy. And as we said, we are taking share. There is a lot of new client acquisition that is, on average, better credit quality and has more revenue associated with it in many ways than our average loans in our current book.
Operator: And we'll go next to Craig Siegenthaler with Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you provide us some perspective on capital deployment here? Just looking how high your capital levels are versus peers and regulatory ratios, and that's not really that new. But I'm wondering if you can provide us any perspective on how capital deployment could potentially change into next year or in the future, given -- kind of given your conversations with regulators?
Beth E. Mooney: Craig, this is Beth. As you know, we are at the front end of the 2013 CCAR process and really have not yet received the guidance from the Federal Reserve on scenarios they want to use. And so, we, like the other banks, who can comment on any near-term capital actions, it will be subject to our CCAR submission this year. And clearly, we enter that with a strong level of capital, and we're pleased this year that we were able to pass through a dividend increase, as well as a share repurchase program for this year.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe turning over to reserve balances, on a dollar basis, it looks like they've stopped falling here. Your loan growth is positive. That's one driver. I'm wondering if there's any regulatory pressure on the other side. How should we think about reserve-to-loan ratios because it's still the -- on that base, it still declined by a little bit, but should we expect it to decline further, potentially under 15?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, I think what we have to look at is -- this is Jeff Weeden. Each and every quarter, Bill Hartmann's area and the risk management area go through and build up the overarching reserves. So it's going to be -- it's going to depend upon the credit migration and overall quality, the size of the portfolio, and it has to be built up in that particular regard. So we said earlier this year that we expected to see charge-offs continue to come down. Now in the third quarter here, we had the regulatory adjustment that took place that it was an industry-wide event. That added to our provision and charge-offs about $45 million in the third quarter. We don't expect that to continue into the fourth quarter. So our long-term target of 40 to 50 basis points remains intact, and we said that provision expense would migrate towards our long-term targeted rate of net charge-offs. So in terms of reserve, I can't tell you, it may come down a little bit, may go up a little bit. It's going to depend upon how we build it up each and every quarter.
William L. Hartmann: This is a Bill Hartmann. Just -- there's obviously been some press out there about, specifically, I think, the OCC, who has been talking about the level of reserves. If you read what they're really saying is they want to make sure that firms are diligent in the way that they document the level of reserves, and so we obviously have talked with them about the level of our reserves, and we're comfortable that we're showing the right level of reserves.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: At this point, do you think reserves are more relevant relative to NPAs or forward charge-off expectations?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: It's probably more indicative of forward charge-off expectations. And of course, you always have to have a degree of what might be the embedded losses in the loss confirmation period for the credits that you have on your books today.
William L. Hartmann: If you look in some of the material in the appendix of the slides, there's a credit quality trends on Slide 19, and that gives you an indication of where things have been going.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is actually Bryan Batory from Ken's team. My question is on the CRE loan portfolio. So that's flattened out this quarter, actually showed a little bit of growth quarter-over-quarter. Could you just comment on some of the trends you're seeing there? And should this -- would you expect this to be the bottom for that portfolio, and we could actually see some growth going forward?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, Bryan, it's Chris Gorman. There's a couple things going on in that portfolio. First of all, we talked earlier today about de-risking and making sure we're doing business with the people that we want to do business with, and there is still some planned and thoughtful run-off in that portfolio. The other thing that's been going on, Bryan, is our mortgage banking business had been quite robust, and obviously, that cannibalizes that portfolio to some degree. Having said all of that, we do think it's a bottomed out, and we do think it will grow modestly from here.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then, Jeff, typically, you give a pre-provision net revenue outlook on where you think you could run near-term. Last quarter, it was $290 million to $330 million. What would your near-term outlook be as we go forward?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes, Bryan, we're really not changing our near-term outlook at this particular point in time. We're still going through, and I think in terms of where that would be, it might be, again, $300 million to $330 million in that particular range.
Operator: And we'll go next to Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Beth, in regards to your comments about the credit card portfolio, is there any way -- or can you point us to a metric that we outsiders can look at to determine the success that you're having with that portfolio or contributing to a higher ROE for this organization?
Beth E. Mooney: Gerard, I think the way we will realize the benefit of the credit card portfolio that will translate into, obviously, our returns is the revenue we receive from the balances, our ability to extend that into our existing client base with our Relationship Rewards, the transactional fees that we receive on the interchange, as our clients use those, coupled with a very, like I said, variable cost base and a well-performing credit profile, given that it is a well-seasoned portfolio. So it will be generally accretive to our revenue growth, as well as help us with client acquisition and broader client experience. So we see it as a positive to the performance as you look at how we are deploying our balance sheet and building revenue.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Gerard, this is Jeff. Near-term, of course, we have the amortization of the purchase credit card receivables that's going to be going through. So that runs through basically on a sum-of-the-months’ or sum-of-the-years’ digits basis. So it's much more front-end loaded. We have some of the accrete-able income that's coming in. It was about $5 million in the third quarter. It will be slightly less than that in the fourth quarter, and that part of it burns down relatively quickly. The amortization will continue on. So from a net P&L, in the very first year or so that we have of this, it’s not what I would call accretive to the overall bottom line because of that. It's really the long-term view that we have of the portfolio, and we've done all of our returns based on that.
William R. Koehler: And I would -- the other thing I would say, this is a Bill, Gerard, accretive to the client experience, that is the important thing to take away here.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: As outsiders, because we hear this -- to the comments made earlier for the folks who have been following KeyCorp for a long time, we've heard strategies like this from other banks or could you guys -- some of our big banks have, obviously, the big credit card businesses, and they break it out separately, so you can really look at how successful they are. Any chance that you guys would break the credit card business out separately? Or is that just going to be engrained into the different banking lines, and we won't to be able to see it?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Gerard, this is Jeff. It's going to be embedded into the various banking lines. What we're talking about, starting off here, is a portfolio of about $0.75 billion. We will grow that portfolio over time, but that is probably not a "significant standalone line of business" for us. We also have our enterprise commercial payments, and that was part of our announcement too in July. So we talked about what we're doing on the merchant side of the business, and these are in -- and across the entire payment stream. So we are investing in payments within our company. But as far as breaking this one specific area out, that's probably not going to happen. We do break out on the margin analysis. You'll be able to see that. We'll break out additional line items, going forward, with respect to the fee revenue that comes from it, and so you could construct some type of a P&L from probably our publicly available disclosures on it.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And have you guys given us -- and I apologize if you already did it on the call, what the targets are for the size of this portfolio in 12 months and 24 months out?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: No, we have not.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, finally, on the capital side of the balance sheet, you guys have a very strong Tier 1 common ratio, obviously, under Basel III. Assuming that the regulations, when they -- we get the final numbers in the spring of next year, hopefully, that 7% Tier 1 common ratio is the number everybody has to manage to, plus a SIFI buffer, and if we assume for a moment your SIFI buffer will be 50 basis points on top of that. So I'm assuming you're going to be required to carry 7.5% Tier 1 common, and you're obviously well above that. What level are you comfortable with in carrying if those are the rules, 7.5% is your bogey? And then second, how -- once you give us that number of your comfort level, how quickly would you move to bring that number down to that comfort level?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Gerard, I think, in terms of overall capital levels, it's something that we have discussions with our board on, as to what that level ultimately will end up being until we see the final rules, and the NPR is just out at this point in time. It's still in the comment period. I know it's supposed to end here, I think, next week. So we'll see where we ultimately end up with. Clearly, we have more Tier 1 common than we believe that is necessary and that we would like to deploy that. However, it's a deployment that takes place between the board, management and the regulators as to how that will be ultimately repatriated into the future or utilized.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mike Turner with Compass Point.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: On your about $17 billion securities portfolio, what's sort of the plan for that? It seems to be continuing to run off. I know a lot of the proceeds are being used to repay TruPS and CDs. And then also what are the reinvestment rates? And what's the -- remind me what the duration on that is.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. Well, this is Jeff Weeden. The portfolio at the end of the quarter was actually between the available-for-sale and the held-to-maturity portfolios were down to about $16.1 billion. And so we're getting close to kind of the floor level of maintaining a portfolio of right around that particular size just for overall liquidity management, as we've talked about pledging, et cetera, what we will use that portfolio for. In terms of the duration, it's around, I believe, 2.1, 2.2 years at this particular point in time. We've provided a disclosure for it. I guess I could go directly to that particular slide, which is Slide 15. 2.3 years is the average life. And in terms of what reinvestment rates are and what rates are going off at. So the overall yield on the portfolio, combined, is about 2.78%. I think if you look at what comes off currently, it's fair to say it's coming off at around 3%, and new reinvestment yields at this particular point in time on the product that we structure in the marketplace is about 1.4% to 1.5%.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay, thanks. And then just to follow up on expenses. Of the $30 million to $50 million you expect to realize at the end of this year, how much have you already booked through the third quarter?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: We haven't disclosed how much we have booked already through the third quarter. I think though if you look some of the things that we have changed in terms of our shifting our FTE count around. So we've actually taken FTEs out of certain areas of the company. We've consolidated some of our operations. You can see that if you look at some of the specific line of business information I was pointing to on Page 28 of the press release. Those items have already taken place, and we've continued to work on overall occupancy costs, and we are continuing to invest, though, too in occupancy. And if you look at the third quarter, we added the 37 branches in Western New York. Those costs are on, yet occupancy cost remains relatively stable for us. So we're taking costs out. We're making reinvestments. It's a dynamic process that we're going through. We'll provide additional information as we get into the fourth quarter earnings call.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Andrew Marquardt with Evercore Partners.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of clarification questions. In terms of asset quality and credit costs, could you just clarify, this quarter, you had $109 million of provision, but that sounds like it included the $45 million from the change in regulatory reporting requirements, and then also some reserve build from the card and branch acquisitions of $32 million. So if we adjust for those, I mean, should we think the kind of a more normal kind of core run rate on provision being in the mid-to-low 30s? Am I thinking about that right?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: In terms of basis points or in terms of dollars?
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Dollars.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Dollars, so if you were to look at the third quarter, that's how you would have looked at the third quarter. It would've been in kind of that low-to-mid $30 million range. That's correct. And longer-term, we've said that it'll migrate closer in terms of basis points now in terms of -- to the 40 to 50 basis point range of charge-offs, which is where we're headed.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. So coming -- but the base should be kind of -- we’re in that kind of mid-to-low 30s, and maybe migrating a little bit higher on a provision ratio basis. Is that fair?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: That's where we were for the third quarter. Again, we don't provide that specific type of a guidance with respect to the level of provision because it becomes more problematic as you just look at the overall credit quality trends, which are continuing to show improvement, and again, I don't want to get in front of ourselves until we actually close the fourth quarter on out...
Beth E. Mooney: And Slide 11, I think, gives some good color and context on that, Andrew.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Thanks, Beth. And then just lastly, on the margin and also, obviously, the other drivers on pre-pre because the margin, obviously, is going to hold up for another quarter or so. But then it becomes maybe tougher in terms of less levers, in terms of liability, as you've noted next year. But is it possible, given the other initiatives, to improve your pre-pre from the kind of low-300s this quarter next year, just given still all the headwinds that you and everyone are facing?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: So we provided guidance for the fourth quarter at this particular point in time. We'll update that guidance as we get into the January time period when we do our fourth quarter earnings call. I think it's fair to say that we have -- in heading into the fourth quarter, we feel very good about the direction of the overall margin. So in that 3 -- the low 330 area. I think as you look further on out and we start talking about all of 2013, '14, if the rate environment stays exactly where it is today, assets are going to be pressured. Liabilities will continue to reprice, but there's less levers that we're talking about there. So I think in terms of longer-term, the margins for the industry and for us will be pressured as we go further out the spectrum.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And then on pre-pre, you had said 300 to 330 was your goal. Can you remind us what the time frame is for that?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: That's what we're operating in today. I mean, we are above that for the third quarter, but we had the trust preferred gains out there.
Beth E. Mooney: That was for the fourth quarter.
Operator: And there are no other questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. And again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today, and if you have any follow-on questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vern Patterson or Kelly Lammers, and their number is (216) 689-3133. And that will conclude our remarks for today. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth E. Mooney - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and Member of Executive Council Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Member of Executive Council William R. Koehler - President of Key Community Bank Christopher Marrott Gorman - President of Key Corporate Bank and Vice Chairman of Keybank National Association William Hartmann
Analysts: Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Thomas LeTrent - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division Jake Civiello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the KeyCorp's Second Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Beth Mooney. Ms. Mooney, please go ahead, ma'am.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for today's presentation is Jeff Weeden, our Chief Financial Officer. And available for the Q&A portion of the call are the leaders of Key Corporate Bank and Key Community Bank, Chris Gorman and Bill Koehler. And also joining us for the Q&A discussion are our Treasurer, Joe Vayda; and our new Chief Risk Officer, Bill Hartmann. Slide 2 is our forward-looking disclosure statement. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call today. Slide 3 highlights the significant events in the second quarter. I'll start with our earnings announcement this morning. We reported second quarter net income from continuing operations, attributable to common shareholders, of $221 million or $0.23 per common share. This is an increase of 11% from the first quarter. Our second quarter results reflect another quarter of loan growth, continued improvement in credit quality and disciplined expense control. As Jeff will discuss in his remarks, our expenses this quarter included some costs related to our branch acquisition and our new efficiency initiative. The increase in loan balances was driven by the fifth consecutive quarter of growth in C&I loans and our successful spring home equity lending campaign. The improvement in credit quality was also noteworthy. Nonperforming assets declined for the 11th consecutive quarter and net charge-offs were down to 63 basis points, which is the lowest level since the fourth quarter of 2007. In order to maintain our momentum, especially in light of the weak recovery and the ongoing regulatory changes, we announced a number of new company-wide efficiency initiatives that I will discuss in a moment. These initiatives build on the success of our Keyvolution program and will improve our competitive position by lowering our cost structure and aligning it with the current operating environment. Last week, we also completed the acquisition of 37 branches in upstate New York, strengthening our market share in 2 very attractive markets and positioning us to acquire and grow client relationships. The final few items on this slide highlight our continuing commitment to disciplined capital management. In addition to leveraging our strong capital position through our acquisition, we've also continued to return capital to our shareholders by repurchasing stock and by increasing our common stock dividend from $0.03 to $0.05 per share in the second quarter. On Slide 4, we provide more detail on the areas we are targeting for our new efficiency initiative. This is a proactive and purposeful response to the rapid changes that continue to take place in our industry. In addition to plans designed to enhance and grow revenue, one of the most effective levers we have is to lower our cost base and create a more -- a variable expense structure. This will allow us to better serve our customers by enhancing our speed to market for new products and services and ensuring that our capabilities are fully aligned with our relationship strategy. Areas of focus include strategic sourcing, branch rationalization, procurement, sales and service productivity and occupy -- optimizing our occupancy spend. They not only improve efficiency, but also increase our flexibility so we can adapt more readily to economic, regulatory and competitive changes. On the expense side, we are targeting reductions of $150 million to $200 million by December 2013, which we expect to be fully reflected in our run rate the following year. A number of our efforts have already begun and we would expect to make meaningful progress toward our goal this year. Using our current levels of revenue and expense as a baseline, this is intended to move us to our long-term efficiency ratio target of 60% to 65%. Turning to Slide 5. I mentioned earlier we also completed the acquisition of 37 branches in upstate New York. You can see on the map how this strengthens our market share in 2 attractive markets. The liquidity provided by this acquisition allows us to be flexible with debt maturities and can be used to fund organic growth opportunities. We also gained benefits and capabilities, such as ATM check imaging, that we can now leverage to deliver client-focused solutions and improve our client experience. At the same time, we will be able to enhance our efficiency because we can leverage our existing cost structure across a larger base. And the conversion, by the way, went according to plan, and we received positive reaction from customers, employees and the community. On Slide 6, let me make a few comments on shareholder value. Since assuming the CEO role in May of 2011, we have continued to strengthen our balance sheet, de-risk the company and reposition our businesses to align more closely with our relationship-based customer strategy. Though business conditions and regulatory changes have created challenges, we are gaining momentum and we have made progress on our financial targets. Looking ahead, we will continue to make investments for growth that align with our relationship strategy. At the same time, we intend to develop a cost structure that is more efficient and more variable, relative to our business flows. And finally, one of our highest priorities remains disciplined capital management. We are looking for and taking advantage of opportunities to invest and deploy capital for growth, such in our branch acquisition in upstate New York. And in addition, we expect to continue returning a portion of our capital to shareholders. Now, let me turn our call over to Jeff for some further comments on the second quarter. Jeff?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Thank you, Beth. Slide 8 provides a summary of the company's second quarter 2012 results from continuing operations. As we reported this morning, the company earned a net profit from continuing operations of $0.23 per common share in the second quarter compared to $0.21 in the first quarter of this year and $0.26 for the second quarter of 2011. Turning to Slide 9. Average total loans for the second quarter were relatively flat compared to the first quarter of this year. We continue to experience good growth in our C&I loans and also had growth in our branch-based home equity loans. Average balances of C&I loans increased during the second quarter compared to the first quarter of 2012 by approximately $500 million or 2.5% unannualized to $20.1 billion. And average balances of our Community Bank home equity loans increased approximately $200 million or 2% unannualized as a result of our very successful spring home equity borrowing campaign. Both of these loan categories also showed growth in period-end balances compared to March 31, 2012, increasing 3% and 4.9% respectively, unannualized. In addition, we saw a growth in total period-end loans of approximately $400 million, and this was after approximately $500 million reduction in our exit loan portfolio during the second quarter. The reduction in the exit loan portfolio was from normal amortization and the early termination of leverage leases. Continue to Slide 10. On the liability side of the balance sheet, our trend of improving deposit mix continued into the second quarter, where we experienced an increase in average balances of non-time deposits of approximately $2 billion or 4% unannualized. Contributing to this increase were the movement of certain funds previously invested in our Victory Money Market Mutual Fund that we discussed last quarter, and the movement of certain escrow balances back to Key as a result of the arrangement that we entered into with Berkadia late in the first quarter. The combination of these 2 events accounted for approximately $1 billion of the increase we experienced. Average balances of time deposits declined approximately $600 million during the second quarter. Noted on this slide under the highlights are the scheduled maturities of the existing CD book at June 30, 2012. Of note here is the approximately $2.5 billion of CDs maturing during the third quarter at an average cost of 2.23%. New CDs on average book during the first 6 months of 2012 have been at an average cost of approximately 30 basis points. Turning to Slide 11. Credit quality continued its improvement again this quarter, with net charge-offs declining to $77 million or 63 basis points of average loan balances for the second quarter of 2012. The primary reason for the improvement was driven by stronger recoveries on commercial loans. Our nonperforming loans declined to 1.32% of period-end loans at June 30, 2012. Nonperforming home equity loans increased this quarter as a result of obtaining additional information on the past due status, the first mortgages serviced by others where we hold the home equity loans. This increased our nonperforming home equity loans by approximately $36 million during the quarter. We do not anticipate a similar increase going forward. Other real estate owned declined by more than 50% during the second quarter through sales and valuation adjustments, and our remaining inventories stood at just $28 million at June 30. Our reserve for loan losses represented 1.79% of period-end loans and 135% coverage of nonperforming loans at June 30. On Page 23 in the Appendix, we provide a long-term trend of past due and criticized loans, both of which continued to show improvement through June 30. With respect to the second half of 2012, our outlook for credit quality remains consistent with our comments made earlier this year. We continue to anticipate modest improvement in both asset quality and net charge-offs, with net charge-offs continuing to move closer to our long-term target of 40 to 50 basis points of average loans. Turning to Slide 12. For the second quarter of 2012, the company's net interest margin was 3.06%, compared to 3.16% for the first quarter. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $544 million for the second quarter, down from $559 million in the first quarter, primarily as a result of early termination of leverage leases. The impact of the leverage leases on net interest income and the net interest margin for the second quarter was a reduction of $13 million and 7 basis points, respectively. Average earning assets were up $546 million to $71.9 billion for the second quarter compared to the first quarter, primarily as a result of higher short-term investment balances in anticipation of scheduled debt maturities during the second quarter. With the second quarter debt maturities of $1.4 billion, $1 billion of which occurred on June 15, the redemption of $707 million of trust preferred securities on July 12 and the scheduled maturities of higher costing CDs during the third quarter, we looked for the net interest margin to increase to the 3.20% range and for average earning assets to remain in the $71 billion to $73 billion range for the second half of 2012. Fee income was positively impacted from the gains that we realized from the early termination of certain leverage leases and we anticipate additional early termination activities in the second half of 2012. Turning to Slide 13. Noninterest expense for the second quarter of 2012 remained well-controlled at $714 million, up $11 million from the first quarter. Included in our expenses for the second quarter was approximately $5 million in costs related to our acquisition of branches in upstate New York. Higher professional fees, partially related to our new efficiency initiatives, and an increase in marketing costs related to our successful spring home equity lending campaign. In addition, the provision for losses on lending-related commitments was an expense of $6 million in the second quarter compared to nothing in the first quarter of 2012 and a credit of $12 million for the same quarter last year. As Beth commented earlier, we are taking another look at our costs and to set a target of taking $150 million to $200 million of expenses out by the end of next year, with the full run rate benefit in 2014. This goal will require us to look at the structural nature of our costs and is necessary to address the changing economics that we and the industry are facing from pricing controls and the extended low rate environment. We intend to make changes that will make us more nimble and able to scale up and down as necessary in response to changes in customer demand and preferences. We also need to continue to make investments for future growth and to ensure that we can meet the ever-changing regulatory demands. The changes to reach this goal will require difficult but necessary decisions to improve our efficiency and profitability over the long term. We will have more to report on this effort as we proceed through the next several quarters. And finally, turning to Slide 14. Our tangible common equity ratio and estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio both remained strong at June 30, 2012, at 10.4% and 11.7% respectively, placing us in the top quartile of our peer group on these ratios. During the second quarter, we've repurchased 10.5 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $7.83 per share and we will continue to execute on our share repurchase authorization during the third quarter. As noted on this slide, we estimate our Basel III Tier 1 common equity ratio under the Federal Reserve's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, as of June 30, at 10.9%, which we believe will place us in the strong capital position relative to our peers on this measure. On Slide 25, in the Appendix, we include the adjustments from our current Basel I Tier 1 common ratio to the estimated Basel III ratio. This estimate is based on the proposed rules on a fully phased-in basis and remains subject to change until the rules become final. That concludes our remarks. And now, I will turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Let's begin with Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Could you start by giving more color on the comments to rationalize the branch network, and maybe specifically address plans to close or sell branches?
William R. Koehler: Steven, this is Bill Koehler. We, in the face of the present environment, when we recognize the need to rationalize our branches, while also repositioning them in a way that allows us to provide the right convenience for our customers where they are. So as we think about rationalization, it takes 2 avenues. The first is looking for stranded branches, branches in markets where they're not contributing to density or the client experience we're trying to create. And in doing so, we see a number of opportunities throughout our entire footprint. We've already made or notified the OCC and some of our customers in 17 cases. The other is continuing to invest, in a very selective basis, in our priority markets to a much lower focus on de novos and much higher focus than we've done in the past on relocations and consolidations, again, to position our branches more closely to our customers.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Any high-level thoughts on what ultimate consolidation might look like for the branch network?
William R. Koehler: Overall, we are expecting over the next 18 months to take out as many as 5% of our branches.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just one, maybe for Jeff, do you expect the magnitude of the pressure on loan yields we saw this quarter to continue going forward, and is this just a function of the competitive environment?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes. In terms of the overall pricing pressure on loans, I think it's just part of it is a remixing of the portfolio, so we continue to have some maturities that are coming off. And I think we have worked through a lot of that at this point in time. New volume yields have been relatively stable for the last 3 quarters. So, from that perspective, I didn't see a lot of overall change. I don't know if, Chris, if you want to make [ph] any comments on?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure. Steve, I completely agree with Jeff. While there's been, on the margin, a little bit of pressure over the last 18 months, it's basically holding in terms of structure and in terms of pricing. The other thing, of course, to keep in mind as you think about our business in the Corporate Bank, we are deriving about 54% of our revenues from non-interest income. So we actually feel pretty good about the competitive landscape right now.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: I guess one last comment, Steve, I'd make is that the leverage lease impact hit the commercial loan overall yields. So, if we look at the -- from the margin analysis that was on Page 18, adding back $13 million worth of the hit that plays for writing off fees associated with the origination of those particular leases impacted the overall margin by about -- on commercial loans about 15 basis points. So, on an adjusted basis, we'd be closer to the 409 for the total portfolio versus the 394. But there is some, as a remixing, there was some overall downward movement even without that adjustment.
Operator: And we will go next to Steve Scinicariello with UBS.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a high-level question for you, Beth. I mean, first off, I thought the expense initiative announcement was excellent and that's definitely going to increase your future run rate. But on the other side of the equation, on the revenue side, I was just kind of curious, as you kind of look across the franchise broadly, where do you see kind of the biggest potential revenue opportunities, whether it's by business line or geographic? Just kind of interested on the revenue side for increased profitability, as well as the expense initiative that you announced.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Steve. A number of things that we're looking at, I mentioned that we continue to invest for growth. So we have several initiatives within the company, such as how we're positioning ourselves in healthcare, work that we're doing in our enterprise commercial payment space. We have done a number of things where we're enhancing product capabilities, adding to our sales force and creating programs that we believe will grow revenue over time. We're also looking at the inherent productivity of our sales force and our product mix within it. So that's another opportunity where we're going to spend a lot of time making sure we have the right people against the right products in the right market. So we still [ph] look generally across our geography and see an opportunity there as well. And then we continue to see momentum in our -- what we call our distinctive business model between the alignment of our Corporate Bank and our Community Bank, to really across a continuum of businesses from $25 million in sales up to $1.5 billion. We're offering more holistic products from lending, deposits, treasury management into the Capital Markets capability that we continue to win clients, be able to meet more holistic needs and increase our revenue through the alignment of those 2 businesses. So we have a variety of things where we are very optimistic about our initiatives in revenue.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Steve, I'd live to have, maybe, Chris talk about one of the other things because we talked about Berkadia and the arrangement we have, but that hits both on the cost side as well as some of the revenue capabilities that we have in the company.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, Jeff. So Berkadia is an interesting transaction that basically touches sort of both sides of the equation, both revenue and expense. We have been, through our third-party commercial loan servicing operation, a large servicer of Moody's-rated deposits. Moody's rates about 65% of the CMBS market. The CMBS market at one point was close to $300 billion. We think this year it's going to be a $35 billion market. So, as we thought about our inability to bid on Moody's-rated CMBS projects, we entered into this JV, this agreement with Berkadia whereby we swapped deposits. So the net result of it was we basically were able to garner deposits on the tune of $610 million. And most importantly, it put us in a position to bid in the future on Moody's-related business. We've been fortunate enough to win some of that business. And then the other piece of it, Jeff, that you alluded to in your comments is the variability of the cost structure. So, by doing so, we were able to take out 80 positions, which was about 23% of the workforce, and variabilize our cost structure in the event that the CMBS market doesn't return to the previously high levels.
Operator: And we will go next to Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: First, just on the efficiency ratio goal of 60% to 65% or 69% today. I'm wondering how much of that improvement are you expecting from credit quality? And then, are you expecting any spend that would offset the improvement from both credit quality and then your planned expense initiative of 150 to 200?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, there's some remaining on the credit quality. But you can see that in terms of what we have overall, on other real estate expense for example, this quarter is probably a good example. It was $7 million. The balances that are in other real estate have now come down dramatically, at $28 million at the end of the quarter. And I think the overall level of nonperforming loans continues to trend down. So, we are future prospects of having other real estate are going to go back to what I'd call a more normal level. You're always going to have some. You're always going to have some credit cost. The reserve for unfunded commitments was up this particular quarter and that will be a function of both migration of credit as well as the overall level of commitments that are outstanding. So, that becomes a little bit choppier and more challenging to predict on that. Well, we've already taken out a significant amount of cost associated with our workout area and have redeployed those individuals into other parts of the company. So there's some with credit, not a lot with credit. This is really getting at other areas of the company. If we think about -- we did a lot with Keyvolution with backroom consolidation. There's still more work that's being done on some of the consolidation efforts. And then we get into some of the occupancy costs. So as we go through and we have vacancy around the company, what we're doing is really restacking and eliminating some of our occupancy overall. If you think about every foot, on average, it is $28 to $30 a foot. If you can take out a million square feet across the company, that's a big run rate savings overall. Those are the things that we're really focusing on. But I think, as Beth talked about and as Chris talked about, we're also looking at what our reinvestments are into the future. Bill talked a little bit about repositioning some of the branch network while coming down in total branches, doing some repositioning too. And then just looking at what we're doing on a commercial payment side and some of our other initiatives. We're using this too as an opportunity where we can make investments to grow revenue long term, but we do have to have that overall efficiency get down into our goal of 60% to 65%.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just a pause [ph] there, you pointed OREO expense and provisions, they were only $13 million in the quarter. So, as you point out, very marginal improvement left there. If I take the high end of your objective of $200 million, that's about 5% on the efficiency ratio on today's revenue. That gets you from 69 to 64. I'm just wondering, how do you get from 64 to 60 to the lower end of your range? I guess that's all -- is that all revenue improvement at that point?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Craig, it does have to have revenue overall improvement. That's why we continue to make investments to grow the revenue and grow other parts of the company. So, we know we can't cut ourselves to prosperity, but we have to be leaner and we have to be more efficient.
Operator: And we will go next to Josh Levin with Citi.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So, your -- I wanted to ask more about the thought process behind these new cost savings initiatives and the branch rationalization. It sounds a bit more strategic than -- as more of a strategic decision than just cost-cutting. Was it just the low rate environment or are there other factors that sort of caused you to go ahead with these initiatives?
Beth E. Mooney: Josh, this is Beth Mooney. I'll go ahead and take that question. I think it is clear that we are, as an industry, operating in, what all of us would concur, I believe, is a challenging rate environment, extended low interest rate, low GDP, a cautious sentiment among American businesses and specifically in our client base, and then you add the increasing cost of regulation that is impacting us as well. And you put all those together and it is clear, as I said, that we needed to be purposeful and proactive in addressing our cost base and our plans for revenue in light of those industry economics. So yes, there is very much a strategic point of view that we are in an environment that should last for several years, call it a new normal, and that we should realign our business plans, strategies and expenses to reflect that environment. And then from there, we clearly need to be tactical in how we get there. So, we are in the process of planning, evaluating and creating implementation plans that will help us create that path to those savings. And as we think about a number of the initiatives, they are strategic. They are strategic in how we can also grow revenue deep in our client base and acquire clients. So it is a combination of both. But this environment, we believe, will be extended and requires us to respond and be more proactive in our plans.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So my follow-up question would be, given your view that there's this extended new normal period, it's going to be a tough period for banks. Would you consider shrinking the balance sheet, given this is going to last for a few years? Maybe returning capital to shareholders, and then, when the cycle ultimately does turn, then you can grow the balance sheet then? Is that part of your thought process also?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Josh, this is Jeff Weeden. We've already gone through a tremendous amount of balance sheet restructuring. So, if look at where we are today, at 86%, 87% loan-to-deposit ratio, we have been paying down our overall debt. So, we saw another $1.4 billion of debt maturities in the first quarter. We had $707 million of the trust preferreds that we retired deemed last week. That's all part and parcel to it. We've brought on the deposits from the upstate New York branch acquisition we completed also last Friday. It is a repositioning of the balance sheet. We've got a much more, what I'd call, a productive balance sheet. It's core-funded. And we're really set for overall growth there. Our capital ratios are already high. And, of course, returning capital is one of our targeted objectives here. But it's something that we work in conjunction with the regulators and go through the CCAR process. And we were pleased that we could return, or have authorization to return $344 million in common share repurchases, plus the increase in the dividend that took effect last quarter.
Operator: And we will go next to Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If I could just follow up a bit on the timing of the cost savings. Beth, you'd said there'd be, I don't know if you said meaningful or material, progress this year. Just as we think about the 150 to 200 million coming in over the next 6 quarters or so, should it be relatively steady, front ended, back ended?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Matt, this is Jeff Weeden. So, we've spent a lot of time here in the last several quarters going through our expenses and setting forth initiatives. But these initiatives do take a period of time to fully implement. So, we've started on some of the things we're already doing. So if you talked about the Berkadia transaction, verbalizing some of our cost there. We have initiatives that are underway and they will continue to gain momentum. And I think you'll see most of that in 2013. There will be some savings here by the end of 2012. But I would frame it more in the $30 million to $50 million run rate.
Beth E. Mooney: And Matt, I would say one piece that I think is important, is that we will give, with this call each quarter, updates on specific initiatives and run rate savings. So we will be continuing to report out on this.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Yes, that would be helpful. And then, just as we put it all together on the expense side, I mean, let's hope revenue growth, but just holding revenue constant, will we see expenses decline on a net basis? I mean, you talked about some investments that still -- that you'll be making some reallocation of cost, but will expenses decline off of the 2Q level of $714 million?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then separately, on the net interest margin. I think you said it would be 3.2% in the back half of this year?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: In the range of 3.20%. That's correct.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And does that include any of the leverage lease hits? Obviously, there's a hit to net interest income and then a gain in fees. But, would that include any of the early termination of the leases?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Matt, those are more choppy and difficult to predict. So, while we have opportunities that are out there, it does not. So, in other words, what we do is we will identify what those leverage lease items are, because I couldn't tell you specifically which ones may hit at this particular point in time. They are different in terms of how much they have in terms of capitalized origination costs against them.
Operator: And we will go next to Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is on your, again, yet again, your efficiency target. If I look back at your presentation in terms of your targets in the first quarter and compare it to this quarter, the efficiency target hasn't changed. It was always 60% to 65%. I'm wondering if this cost initiative had always been something that you were planning to do over the next few years, but just haven't detailed to the Street, or whether there was some downgrading of the revenue outlook over the past 3 months?
Beth E. Mooney: Erica, this is Beth. We have been working, and part of what we said in our comments, that we have been working on plans for several quarters now. And I would tell you that this has been a culture of continuous improvement, and we recognized, as part of our target of 60% to 65%, that we would need to be more effective in our cost structure. So, it is not necessarily new thinking. We shared, this morning, our goals to make it clear how our path to 60% to 65% takes form and over what time, as part of giving clarity and more insight into what our thinking and planning has been.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. That's clear. And just a follow-up question for Jeff. Thank you so much for giving us the volume of funding that's going to mature or reprice for the second half of the year. But could you give us a sense of what the rates are of the debt and the troughs and the CDs that are rolling off, and what your plan is for replacement from both a volume and a rate perspective?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes. So in terms of the TLGP debt that matured on June 15, the $1 billion was at approximately 1 month LIBOR plus 200 to 210 in that range. The trust preferreds we swapped back. So, the $707 million that we redeemed on June -- on July 12, I'm sorry. $139 million was at the 3-month LIBOR plus 79 on a swap basis. And the $568 million, which would have been the capital tens that we had out there, they had an 8% coupon, but we'd swap those back to, basically, 3-month LIBOR plus about 236, 240. And then on the CDs, I think we've covered that earlier. There's over a $1 billion of the CDs that are out there that mature in the third quarter better at about a 5.06%, 5.07% cost on them. But that's reflected in that overall $2.5 billion blended rate at 2.23%. And of course, on the asset side of the equation, we expect that we'll have continuing cash flows coming off of our investment portfolio. That's been running at about $1.5 billion a quarter or $500 million per month. And what's been coming off is around 3%, and the reinvestment rates are closer to 1.6% to 1.75%.
Operator: And we will go next to Paul Miller with FBR.
Thomas LeTrent - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: This is actually Thomas LeTrent on behalf of Paul. Just a couple of questions from a modeling standpoint here. I know credit has been improving. I'm just trying to get a feel for where you guys feel comfortable from a reserves to loan standpoint going forward?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. Well, all right, from a reserve-to-loan standpoint, of course, this is something we build up each and every quarter. And it's really going to be dictated by our forward look, also, of the portfolio and the embedded risk that's in that portfolio. And that has been with positive migration of credit. And again, I'll point you to the classified assets -- or criticized assets at the back of our investor that continues to show overall improvement, along with the nonperformers, et cetera. So it's trending down. Our coverage ratio, I think, on annualized second quarter charge-offs, were about 2.8x right now in that particular range. So, I think if we continue on this path and we get down to that 40 to 50 basis point, you're going to see reserves continue to come down some, but not necessarily as dramatic as what they have in the past as we get closer and closer to that 40 to 50 basis point net charge-off ratio.
Thomas LeTrent - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And one more question. I know the mix on the branch tier were largely core deposits, but do you guys happen to have the rate on those deposits available?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes. I think we'd just look -- we'd point you to our overall blended rate that we have in our portfolio and we've identified what that is in our slides. If you look at that, just probably around 10 basis points on transaction accounts blended. So there's a good mix of savings account and now accounts and money market accounts in that particular portfolio.
Operator: And we will go next to Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is actually Bryan Batory from Ken's team. My first question is just on pre-provision net revenue. Jeff, last quarter, you had given a range of $290 to $330 million. And on a reported basis, you guys were kind of right in the middle there this quarter. Obviously, a lot of moving parts. But I was wondering if you could give an updated outlook just on where you expect the PPNR to run for the remainder of the year?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, Bryan, we really haven't changed our overall outlook for the remaining part of the year. Last quarter, we gave a range of $290 million to $330 million. I think that's a consistent range. A number of the things that we have under our initiatives are intended to show overall improvement in that as we get into 2013 and beyond.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one follow-up on credit. It looked like nonperforming inflows were up a little bit in the quarter. I know you guys spoke to the home equity reclass on the call. But was there anything else driving that increase quarter-over-quarter?
William Hartmann: Bryan, this is Bill Hartmann. One of the things that we have seen happening is that there's a tremendous amount of liquidity that has been in the market. But it's looking at some of the opportunities in -- specifically, in real estate loans. We have had some performing but criticized loans where we've received some reverse inquiries from people who were willing to purchase those at relatively close to par. The accounting for that requires that, since there is a slight discount to our carrying value, that we actually move those into nonperforming in order to account for that discount -- that discount does flow through the net charge-offs, and then we could actually sell the assets. So, if you look at the detail that's listed on Page 26, you'll also see that the payments have risen as well, reflecting the cash that's flowing through that. And reflecting the fact that it's a near par discount, the absolute level of charge-offs has been going down.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This Page 26 of the earnings release?
William Hartmann: Of the earnings release.
Operator: And we will go next to Mike Turner with Compass Point.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: On the kind of -- following up to earlier, your average loan yield was around 426 this quarter, and keeping in mind, I know about probably 10 basis points or so of that is due to the lease termination. Where do you see that normalizing in this interest rate environment? Adjusting for mix and just the time of new lower-yielding loans flowing through the balance sheet?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: The overall yield in -- the leverage leases impacted the commercial yield. So that's what I'll focus in on. Adjusted, that actually cost the commercial yields around 15 basis points in the current quarter. And again, I know that we have to look at overall mix and mix does have an impact, and so depending on how much is fixed-rate versus variable rate. But a large portion of our overall portfolio is variable rate and a large portion of that has already been repriced at this point in time. So there could be additional pressure in those overall yields and that's going to come from continuation of some repricing. But, for the most part, new credit has been holding very, very stable, I think, since the third quarter of last year when they had the debt crisis and the European banks also started pulling out of the market here.
William R. Koehler: The other thing I would say, Mike, if I would, we think the fact that our spreads have held relatively firm is a strong indication of our relationship strategy and it strengthened residents in the market, in addition to what Chris talked about earlier relating to our strong FEMIX [ph].
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, as a follow-up, it sounds like it's -- there doesn't sound like there will be a tremendous amount of pressure, is what I'm hearing, it -- to summit the margin. If I look out 2 years from now, and you get the benefit accruing from CD repricing, redemption and repayment of troughs, basically the benefit on the liability side and flow through the impact of lower rates on the asset side and then flow in the $150 million to $200 million in savings, does this, if the environment stays in this -- where it is today, which is what I think you and everybody is expecting, does that get you to the 60% to 65% efficiency ratio? Or if we stay in this environment as well as this growth, are there some other levers you've got to look at pulling?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, we're looking at the cost side more aggressively because we do expect that this rate environment will be here for an extended time period. So we're not looking for the margin to continue a steady upward climb to our long-term target of 3.5%. I think as you look at this particular environment, we have to look at the cost side. That's the lever that we're looking at. And then also looking at where we will be strategic in our overall investments as a company to grow other forms of revenue that we have. And that may be investing in certain new verticals, people, et cetera. But we will be making investments in the future. But, as we said earlier, we have to take costs out of the organization. Those are structural costs that we have to get at to get to that 65% efficiency based upon no change, if we had no change in revenue, but we're not forecasting no change in revenue. We're forecasting other forms of revenue that we will continue to grow in this company.
Beth E. Mooney: And Mike, I would just add it was a 2-year out sort of view to your question. As you sit here in this current environment, I think it is important to underscore that you've managed that which you could control and took some piece of our comments and what we're sharing of our expenses today is to underscore our [indiscernible] fair line of sight around what we can control.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful, that -- I mean, am I hearing that you think you can get there in this environment or that will be tough?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: I think what we've laid out here is how we get down into our particular operating environment of 65, basically. I think it was said by a earlier caller. If you look at the 150 to 200, it will take 4% to 5% off of the efficiency ratio based on current revenues.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And sorry, one more follow-up on a different topic. Just hearing from other banks on the state of, really, commercial borrowers and, really, demand, have you seen any change quarter-over-quarter reflecting back 3 months? I mean, is there a little more uncertainty, or just maybe you could characterize how your commercial borrowers are feeling right now?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, Mike. It's Chris Gorman. I would say there is a greater level of hesitancy out there on the part of our commercial borrowers that we've seen over the past 6 weeks. And I will tell you that while the businesses are performing well, while they are delevered and have plenty of cash, they feel pretty good about their business. But they're concerned about macro issues. And those macro issues, depending on the day the rank order changes, but it's really kind of 3 issues. One is the fiscal cliff, the second is the election and the third is Europe. And we have seen a more cautious attitude on the macro side of things from our clients in the last 6 weeks or so. And we're out in the market a great deal, and I think that's pretty consistent.
Operator: And we will go next to Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Jake Civiello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is actually Jake Civiello on for Gerard. You mentioned that the early termination of leverage leases will accelerate the reduction in the exit portfolio. But does the reduction come entirely in the commercial lease financing category and is the decline fully reflected in the second quarter results?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, the decline that's reflected in the second quarter results are just those that had early payout along with normal amortization. So, I would -- there's both in the press release, as well as on Page 22 of our slides, that we have -- you'll see a breakout of that particular portfolio. It's down to about $3.4 billion at the end of June and we have a number of categories that are just going to have normal amortization associated with them. So without any acceleration due to early terminations of leverage leases, I would expect that we would see that continue to go down $200 million to $250 million per quarter and continue to amortize on out.
Beth E. Mooney: And Jake, those leverage leases that we bid on in our second quarter are in our exit loan portfolio under commercial lease financing.
Jake Civiello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And just one other question. With respect to the branch rationalization focus, what percentage of all key branches are currently profitable? And how many of those branches reach their profitability targets?
William R. Koehler: Jake, this is Bill. A substantial amount of -- a very substantial amount of our branches on a store-level basis are profitable. We are focused, though, on the opportunity cost here for those that are less profitable. Where is our opportunity to take that same expense, redeploy it, either in that market or in a different market with different demographics, growth profile opportunity? How do we redeploy that same expense, in a way that is more impactful to our revenue and strategy in that market. So that's really how we are thinking about the rationalization effort.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go next to Andrew Marquardt with Evercore Partners.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just want to clarify on the question on PPNR, $290 million to $330 million range that you had before. It looks like this quarter, if you surpass some of the one-time specials, you're closer to the lower end of that. Are you saying that you're still expecting that, that range is achievable, and maybe moreso given the expense initiative, and then maybe can improve next year? How should we think about that?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, we think that range is definitely achievable because we had some of the leverage lease gains, but we also had additional expenses associated in the current quarter with the expense initiative, which was around $4 million to $5 million worth of our overall cost, as well as what we had for the branch acquisition in upstate New York, which was approximately $5 million. And then other real estate expense was higher also this quarter as we continue to liquidate out that particular portfolio. I think, as we look forward into 2013, we'll provide updated guidance as we get -- as we usually do in the first quarter of the year. So in January, we'd expect to give that as we continue to work through our overall expense plans going forward from this point.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And then just a clarification on the expense initiative, how should we think about it, relative to Keyvolution? Is this a continuation of Keyvolution? Is this -- is there a named one for this? You've done a good job if you go back -- way back, you had the PEG initiative. I mean, how do we think about this one?
Beth E. Mooney: Andrew, this is Beth. It does build on the success of our Keyvolution initiative. And some of these are a continuation of items that we did under Keyvolution. I think Jeff mentioned the consolidation of backroom operations. How do we look at sourcing, how do we look at occupancy? How do we look at demand management? How do we generally try and get more efficient and effective? So, when we stopped reporting on Keyvolution a year ago, we said it created a muscle memory in this company for a continuous improvement. So, we believe it is a continuation of Keyvolution in terms of capabilities and focus. It is not programmatic. We don't have a name for it. It is just a commitment to structurally reduce our costs through the levers that are available to us, on to become more effective and efficient and report out on those.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just found this question on capital with the strong Basel III level, almost 11%. How do you think about deployment of capital and the priorities near medium term?
Beth E. Mooney: Our capital priorities continue to remain consistent and we have always said that we feel like the most important thing we need to do with our capital is continue to use it to support our organic growth opportunities that are within our franchise and for our clients. Second, we talk about dividends as a second priority for return of capital to shareholders. Third, an important recognition in another form of return of capital to shareholders would be share repurchase. And then fourth, make sure that we have adequate capital and appropriately deployed for opportunities for growth for the company.
Operator: And we will go next to Allen Charles [ph] with Schroders.
Unknown Analyst: On the share repurchase, given where your stock price is, is there any notion of not spacing it out for the rest of the year and rather accelerating it over the next quarter or 2?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Allen, this is Jeff Weeden. We are following our plan that was submitted as part of our CCAR. And I think we've talked about that in prior calls and meetings. And that is that we will continue on this pattern that calls for the $344 million of share repurchases beginning in the second quarter, which we did, and continuing through the first quarter of 2013.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go next to Nancy Bush with NAB Research, LLC.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick question. I mean, there's been so much talk about expense in the 60% to 65% targeted ratio, et cetera, et cetera. I guess I would ask this. Given that it's beginning to look like the new normal, maybe the forever new normal, I guess I would ask, is 60%, even if you can get down to the lower part of that ratio, good enough? I mean, I realize that you have special challenges due to sort of the far-flung nature of your branch network, et cetera. But are you going to feel a need to go beyond that if this stuff goes on?
Beth E. Mooney: Nancy, this is Beth. I would tell you that our target, and we have been consistent with this for some time, is that 60% to 65% range. And we have talked accurately about our far-flung nature of our branch network, but also the mix of our businesses will also help drive the efficiency ratio. So, we view this as an important for us to articulate our path to 60% to 65%. And I do think it is incumbent on all institutions and bank management teams to constantly reevaluate what is important and where is the right place for us to position our aspirations and our targets relative to our peers and our performance within the industry. So I think making steps to clarify our goal, how we are going to reach our goals, is important to know that we are constantly evaluating our business mix, our opportunities and what are our appropriate financial targets.
Operator: And we'll go to Matthew Kieding [ph] with Barclays.
Unknown Analyst: I just had a question on your effective tax rate. It honestly fell, considering what we were forecasting, or I'm not sure what your expectations were, but at least in our model this quarter. And I was wondering if you could provide some forward-looking guidance on where do you think the effective tax rate will run?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Matthew, this is Jeff Weeden. What impacts it, and we put this in the financial highlights, or the highlights of the quarter on the first page of the press release. The fact that these leverage lease transactions, the gains that we recognized on them are nontaxable under our prior agreement that we entered into with the IRS several years back. So that's what's impacting the effective tax rate. If we have more of these transactions, it can have further impact on the overall effective tax rate. But what we try to do is use a GAAP basis, and if you look at it from a tax-equivalent perspective, the effective tax rate for the year, based upon what we have through the first 6 months of the year, would probably be in the range of about 25% to 26%.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn it back to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. And to all of you, thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vern Patterson or Kelly Lammers. That number is (216) 689-3133. And that concludes our remarks for today. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth E. Mooney - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and Member of Executive Council Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Member of Executive Council Christopher Marrott Gorman - President of Key Corporate Bank and Vice Chairman of Keybank National Association William R. Koehler - President of Key Community Bank Charles S. Hyle - Chief Risk Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Executive Council Joseph M. Vayda - Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Member of Executive Council
Analysts: Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Adam G. Hurwich - Ulysses Management LLC Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's 2012 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Beth Mooney. Ms. Mooney, please go ahead.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. And good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for today's presentation is Jeff Weeden, our Chief Financial Officer. And available for the Q&A portion of the call are the leaders of Key Corporate Bank and Key Community Bank, Chris Gorman and Bill Koehler. Also joining us for the Q&A discussion are our Chief Risk Officer, Chuck Hyle; and our Treasurer, Joe Vayda. Now if you would turn to Slide 3. This morning, we announced first quarter net income from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders of $199 million, or $0.21 per common share. Our first quarter results demonstrate continued momentum as we execute on our relationship strategy, strengthen our balance sheet and maintain disciplined expense control. Credit quality also improved in the first quarter, which is a continuation of the trend that we have seen over the past 2 years. Net charge-offs declined to 82 basis points, continuing its migration toward our long-term target of 40 to 50 basis points. Nonperforming assets and criticized loans also showed improvement in the quarter.  We were encouraged to see continued growth in our commercial, financial and agricultural loans as we continue to acquire and deepen relationships and meet customer needs for credit. Average CF&A loans were up 7.2% compared with the prior quarter, making the fourth consecutive quarter of growth for this portfolio. The growth in our CF&A loan balances continues to be broad-based across our franchise, as well as in targeted client segments in our Corporate Bank, such as industrial and manufacturing, energy and utilities and health care.  Also contributing to loan growth has been our progress on the commitment we made last year to lend $5 billion to small businesses. Since this program was launched in September of 2011, Key has made over $2.4 billion in lending commitments to small business owners, who remain critical to our economic recovery and job creation. Importantly, in both the Community and Corporate Banks, we continue to add new clients and increase the level of engagement with our existing relationships.  Our success in executing on our relationship strategy was affirmed through several industry honors and recognitions in the first quarter. They included a top 5 ranking for overall customer satisfaction in J.D. Power's 2011 Small Business Satisfaction survey, excellence award from Greenwich Associates for small business and middle-market banking, awards for our online banking capability from Corporate Insights Bank Monitor and top scores for treasury management services from Phoenix-Hecht. We have also continued to make investments that enhance our ability to serve our clients and grow our business. These include modernizing our branch network, enhancing our online and mobile capabilities and adding more client-facing positions. And we remain on track for an early third quarter closing of our branch acquisition in Western New York. This acquisition will strengthen our franchise and benefit our local communities, clients and our shareholders.  The final item on this slide focuses on maintaining a strong balance sheet and remaining disciplined in our approach to capital management as previously announced, we received no objection from the Federal Reserve to our 2012 capital plan and subsequently authorized a common stock repurchase program of up to $344 million. The program is expected to begin in the second quarter of this year and will run through the first quarter of 2013. Our capital plan also included an increase in our common stock dividend from $0.03 a share to $0.05 per share. The board will consider the potential dividend increase when it meets next month. These actions represent opportunities for Key to return capital to our shareholders while still maintaining our peer-leading capital position.  On Slide 4, you can see that we have made significant progress on our long-term goals and our return on average assets for the first quarter continues to be within our targeted range. We believe that we can continue to build on our momentum by leveraging our strong balance sheet and executing our relationship model. Our clients continue to tell us that Key's business model and strategy is distinctive and this is allowing us to win in the marketplace and grow. We're also focused on managing expenses and improving our operating leverage, which remain critical in the current operating environment. And finally, we will remain disciplined in the way we manage our capital, consistent with the priorities that we have previously outlined: maintaining strong capital for organic growth; increasing our common stock dividend; using the authority we have from the board to return capital to our shareholders through share repurchases over the next 4 quarters; and to be disciplined around opportunities to invest in our business model and our franchise.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff for a review of our financial results. Jeff?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Thank you, Beth. Slide 6 provides a summary of the company's first quarter 2012 results from continuing operations. As we reported this morning, the company earned a net profit from continuing operations of $0.21 per common share for the first quarter. This compares to $0.21 for both the fourth quarter and the first quarters of 2011. I'll cover the other information on this page in more detail on the following slide. Turning to Slide 7. Average total loans increased $766 million or 1.6% unannualized during the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. As can be seen on this slide, average balances of commercial, financial and agricultural loans increased from $18.3 billion to $19.5 billion, or approximately 7.2% unannualized. And our utilization rate of CF&A loans improved from 46.3% in the fourth quarter to 46.9% in the first quarter of 2012. Continuing to Slide 8. On the deposit side of the balance sheet, our trend of improving mix of deposits continued into the first quarter, where we experienced an increase in average balances of nontime deposits of approximately $600 million or 1.3% unannualized. During March of this year, certain funds previously invested in our Victory Money Market Mutual Funds were either moved to a Key deposit account or to a new arrangement that we have with another fund provider. This resulted in approximately $600 million of low-cost transaction deposits moving onto our balance sheet. These funds did not have a material impact on our first quarter average deposit balances. The additional liquidity from these deposits will help fund second quarter debt maturities and potential loan growth. As noted on this slide, average balances of time deposits declined approximately $700 million during the first quarter. We have identified, under the highlight section of this slide, the scheduled maturities of our CD book and the rates that apply to the $9.9 billion of CDs maturing at March 31, 2012.  As we have previously discussed, we have significant maturities of higher-costing CDs in the second, third and fourth quarters of this year. Specifically, approximately $690 million at an average cost of 4.59% mature in the second quarter, followed by $1,030,000,000 in the third quarter at a cost of 5.06%. And then tapering down to approximately $530 million at a 4.88% average cost during the fourth quarter. This compares to approximately $240 million in maturities in the first quarter of this year. These CD maturities, along with debt maturities in the second quarter, will help offset pressure from maturities of investment securities in this extended low-rate environment.  Turning to Slide 9. Consistent with our comments last quarter regarding our outlook for credit quality, we continue to experience an improvement in our asset quality statistics again this quarter. Net charge-offs declined to $101 million or 82 basis points of average loan balances for the first quarter of 2012. In addition, our nonperforming loans declined to 1.35% of period-end loans at March 31, 2012. Our reserve for loan losses stood at $944 million or 1.92% of period-end loans and represented 141.7% coverage of nonperforming loans at March 31, 2012. As we have identified on Page 19 in the appendix of today's materials, criticized loans outstanding continued to improve, declining for the 11th consecutive quarter at March 31. Looking to the balance of the 2012. We anticipate continued modest improvement in asset quality and net charge-offs. Regarding provision and reserves, we anticipate the amount to be provided to be less than charge-offs for 2012. And consistent with our comments last quarter, we would anticipate as loan growth continues, we would migrate during the course of the year for provision to be closer to the level of net charge-offs. For the first quarter, our provision expense represented approximately 34 basis points of average loan balances and net charge-offs were 82 basis points of average loan balances. As Beth mentioned in her comments, our long-term target for net charge-offs is 40 to 50 basis points. Turning to Slide 10. For the first quarter of 2012, the company's net interest margin was 3.16% compared to 3.13% for the fourth quarter of 2011. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $559 million for the first quarter, down from $563 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 as a result of the early termination of a leverage lease, which resulted in the write-off of $6 million of capitalized loan origination costs. Average earning assets were down approximately $1 billion to $71.4 billion for the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. However, all of this decline can be attributable to lower short-term investment balances. Our expectation for 2012 continues to be for the net interest margin to show modest improvement and for average earning assets to remain in the range of $71 billion to $73 billion.  With respect to the second quarter, we do not expect much change in the net interest margin from the first quarter level as most of the benefit we expect from our debt and deposit repricing opportunities during the second quarter will benefit the third and fourth quarters of this year. Another item which could impact the margin, but not necessarily net interest income, is simply higher levels of short-term liquidity from deposit flows. As Beth commented on, we remain on track for an early third quarter closing of our branch acquisition in Western New York. This will add approximately $2.4 billion in deposits and $400 million in loans during the third quarter. Our noninterest income was $472 million in the first quarter of 2012 compared to $414 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. The $58 million increase was primarily the result of a $20 million gain we realized on the early termination of a leverage lease, a $43 million improvement in net gains from principal investing and a $19 million improvement in investment banking and capital markets income. These improvements were partially offset by decreases in corporate-owned life insurance, lower levels of gains on loan sales and various other items. Of note, net of the $6 million charged against net interest income for the write-off of the capitalized loan origination costs, the early termination of the leverage lease benefited our total revenue by $14 million during the first quarter.  Turning to Slide 11. Noninterest expense for the first quarter of 2012 remained well controlled at $703 million, down $14 million from the fourth quarter of 2011. Personnel expense was down $2 million as lower incentive compensation accruals offset seasonal increases in employment taxes. Nonpersonnel expense decreased $12 million primarily from lower cost for professional fees and marketing, partially offset by not having a credit to the provision for losses on lending-related commitments in the first quarter, as well as higher other expenses.  Slide 12 shows our pretax pre-provision net revenue and return on average assets. Pre-provision net revenue for the first quarter was $328 million and benefited from stronger fee revenue, as well as lower expense levels compared to the fourth quarter. As we look at pre-provision net revenue for the balance of 2012, we anticipate PPNR to be in the range of around $290 million to $330 million per quarter. And finally, turning to Slide 13. Our tangible common equity ratio and estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio both remained strong at March 31, 2012, at 10.3% and 11.5%, respectively, placing us in the top quartile of our peer group on these ratios. As Beth commented on with respect to capital management, our priorities remain maintaining strong capital for organic growth, increasing the dividend and using the authority we have from the board included in our capital plan to return capital to our shareholders through share repurchases over the next 4 quarters.  That concludes our formal remarks. And I will return the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll begin with Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank.
Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Rob Placet for Matt's team. The first question, just in terms of share buybacks from here, any color on how you're approaching buybacks and how we should think about the timing of buybacks through the year?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes, Rob, this is Jeff Weeden. You should think about timing of the buybacks really are going to be over the next 4 quarters. So that's how we're viewing it. It's not something that we're going to have an accelerated share repurchase program on. It should be kind of evenly over the next 4 quarters. I think in terms of people always wanting to know about price, in terms of where we trade it on a book value basis or a tangible book value, with a tangible book value in the $9.26 range and stated book value at about $10.26. Certainly, where we're trading today, it's accretive in terms of book value, tangible book value and earnings per share.
Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And just separately, given your outlook for average earning assets between $71 billion and $73 billion, any sense of how we should be thinking about mix of loans versus securities as we think about that average earning assets for the rest of the year?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, we've been doing some remixing. So as we've had loan growth that's been coming on, the investment portfolio has been coming down. So our guidance for an improving margin includes a number of different moving parts here. One, we have the repricing of our debt and CDs that are coming up. The second part is just the cash flows coming off of investment securities and reinvesting that either in loans or in lower-yielding investments, to some extent. But that's how we're remixing that overall balance sheet.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I just want to ask you to go into a little bit more color on your expectations for loans to grow. Obviously, they were a little bit stepped-back this quarter because of exit and CRE. So can you just talk to also about like where you expect the majority of loan growth to come from? And also, at what point do we actually see that stabilization in CRE and leasing lines?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Ken, this is Jeff Weeden. The business guys are going to talk here in just a second. But one of the things that we went back and we talked about in the fourth quarter was we said we had a number of loans, the balances came up in the fourth quarter, and we expected actually some of those to be paid down in the first quarter. There's some bridge loan activity that was in there, and so that's part and parcel of it. We also had the leverage lease that paid off in the first quarter, which was around $70 million. So that had some impact on it. On that leasing line that you're referring to, the part that's in the exit portfolio, there may be some lumpiness in that, depending on if we have other opportunities for early termination of these leverage leases. But the rest of the business, I think, is growing fine. And I'd ask Chris Gorman to talk first.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Let me just give you kind of a quick overview. In short, we see balances growing from here. You asked where they're going to grow. They're going to grow principally in the Corporate Bank in 3 areas. One is our energy area, and I'm going to come back to that in a moment. The next is industrial. And also we're seeing a lot of growth in health care. Kind of big picture, if you look over the last year, in the Corporate Bank, our loans have grown by 5.1%. But that included a strategic runoff that we were doing in real estate of, call it, 10%. And on the other side of the equation, in our corporate and investment bank, year-over-year on an average basis, we actually grew them 36%, 37%. So we are through that in the real estate book, which means we're well positioned to grow from here. We actually look at our backlogs and feel very good about them. I'll give you a kind of one example of kind of finding these niches, and that is in the area of both wind and solar. We were left lead on 10 deals that raised well over $1 billion in the first quarter. So again, Ken, our growth is going to come from picking these niches and continuing to be able to garner new clients. So that's how we're going to grow.
William R. Koehler: And in the Community Bank, Ken, we're seeing continued strength in our pipelines. We also see some strong activity in health care for a lot of the same reasons. Chris sees it on the upper end of the market. And if you look at it regionally, the Northeast continues to be pretty strong and consistently so. The Great Lakes continues to see a lot of activity. Probably our strongest region over the past 4, 5 quarters, I would say, has been at the Great Lakes. And activity in general, in many of the manufacturing sectors, where we are strong as an organization, continues to be pretty good.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. And my follow-up question, just on expenses, you guys have done a really nice job of really holding the line on expenses. And I'm just wondering what opportunities do you still see to even take cost out of the business. I know you talked about not necessarily doing Keyvolution too, but with a still high efficiency ratio, what can we see kind of still coming out as you continue to work on that?
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Ken, this is Beth. And that's a good question. And we made reference to it in our remarks, that clearly in this operating and economic environment, continued focus on expenses is one of the levers we all have to work with to enhance our performance. So while Keyvolution is complete and you're seeing the benefit of that in our disciplined expense ratio that has been coming through in our guidance $700 million to $725 million in noninterest expense, quarterly, we do have continuing programs, a focus on continuous improvement and are continuing to look at opportunities for sourcing, procurement. As we invest in client-facing positions, we're also looking at how we can align our backroom operations and other things that we are doing that are not core to our client experience. So we continue to do a variety of things, it is a culture of continuous improvement, and have a number of initiatives underway that we will think will continue to enhance our efficiency ratio as it relates to the expense side. And Jeff, do you have any other comment?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: No, I think that summarized it well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gerard Cassidy from RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can we go back to the Corporate and Community Bank reference that you guys both had year-over-year loan growth, but it looks like your net interest revenue was flat to slightly down in both of the subs there. Can you give us some color on what's going on with pricing?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Gerard, it's Chris. Well, I mean, the first thing is just generally low interest and the squeeze in terms of margins. What we're seeing in the marketplace, though, is that structure is generally holding. We're seeing just a little bit of pressure around the edges on pricing, but not to a degree that it's concerning us at all. I think what you're seeing is the impact of deposits, candidly, as you look at those numbers.
William R. Koehler: And Gerard, this is Bill Koehler. And in the Community Bank, we're seeing similar trends on loan spreads that Chris mentioned. But the bigger driver for us in this area is the value of our deposits, in this environment, we continue to get pressure there. And it's the same story we've been talking about for a number of quarters now.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jeff, you mentioned your outlook for net charge-offs. I think you and Beth said, I think, normalized. It's in the 50 basis point level of average loans. And currently, your charge-offs are around 80 basis points. The provision will eventually match the charge-offs, if I heard it correctly. When do you think you can get to a normalized net charge-off level?
Charles S. Hyle: Gerard, this is Chuck. It's hard to predict the timing of this. But I think if you look at our core business and the kinds of business that we're putting on today and if you look at the chart on Page 16, you can see where we are today. And then the CF&A category, we're at 31 basis points. That's a big part of our portfolio. If you look on our leasing portfolio, you'll see actually nothing there. So I think that's a pretty good indicator of the kind of commercial business that we're writing and where we will get to over time. I think some of the noncore business, which we still have, although it's shrinking all the time, is still where the higher charge-off numbers are. So how you project that trajectory is a little hard to do, clearly dependent upon the economy and various other things. But I think it is still a range that is very achievable for this organization.
Beth E. Mooney: And Gerard, this is Beth. I would add that we made a comment in our last quarterly call that to the extent that we do see growth in CF&A, our new business volumes and our new originations, which are heavily candid towards new client acquisitions are coming in at a higher quality and a higher credit quality than our existing books. So if you remix and grow the balance sheet, that will have a positive impact on the level of net charge-offs as well.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Absolutely. If the net charge-offs stays stubbornly around 75 basis points into the middle of next year and with your guys comments about provision and eventually reaching the charge-offs, should we expect the provision to get that high? Or is it more of a provision to the normalized levels that we should be focused on?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, Gerard, I guess -- this is Jeff Weeden. I think in terms of the nonperformers also continuing to migrate on down. And clearly, as Chuck talked about it, some of these exit books that are still out there, they'll run a little bit higher on the charge-offs level. So if we're still at the 75 basis points next year, I think you have to look at what's the forward look at that particular point in time. So it's all about the existing book you have a provision or reserve for and it's your forward look that you are trying to anticipate, business volume, et cetera. So I would think in terms of the provision expense normalizing in that 40 to 50 basis point range first, and then seeing the charge-offs kind of work their way down, so...
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Good to know. Okay. And finally, Jeff, on the buyback, you mentioned you think it will be spread out over the 12-month period. Is there anything that would prevent you guys from completing the buyback this year? And then tying into that, with your return on equity around 8.25%, which I assume is less than your cost of capital based on your internal models, when do you think the return on equity number would exceed your cost of capital?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. Well, Gerard, we're not giving a specific guidance on the return on equity at this particular point in time. I think with respect to the buyback provisions, the capital plan that was submitted had the buybacks over the 4-quarter time period. And that's you should view the overall plan, is lasting over that 4 quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Levin from Citi.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yesterday, one of your competitors sounded very bullish on the economic and lending environment in the Midwest. They talked about a recovery, and they specifically talked about the impact of the energy shales. How would you characterize the Midwest economic and lending environment relative to maybe what it was 6 to 9 months ago?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Josh, it's Chris Gorman. It remain -- I mean, here's what's going on, our -- the companies in the Midwest continue to do well. They continue to recover. They're obviously not recovering at a pace that all of us would like them to recover. Having said that, there are some real bright spots that happened to play very well with the kind of things that we do here at Key. First is the industrial companies that are here are major exporters, that's one driver. You mentioned the shale play. We're participating in that in a significant way in that we have an oil and gas business. But in addition to that, for example, in our M&A business right now, in our backlog, a very significant percentage of a backlog that's elevated are people that supply into the frac-ing process, which is driven by the shale plays. So there's no question we're benefiting from it. I'll let Bill Koehler cover what's going on. And also, the shale plays, by the way, benefit our retail customers as well because they, in many cases, when you look at places like the Utica Shale field, are the owners of the land that's being leased for the shale play. Bill?
William R. Koehler: And I would say, as well, that as we talk to our clients there, confidence is growing in the smaller end of the market, which to me says that the economy is overall has strengthened. They are serving some of the same industries Chris talked about. They are getting more clarity in their business about -- in their order book. And as a result, they are seeing a lot more opportunity to continue to drive growth in the business.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Josh, the one thing we're not seeing yet and we're watching very carefully, we're not seeing our customers and clients growing employment. So that's one area that I would say continues to lag. The other area that lags is we don't see huge capital outlays for big, new plants. We do see around the edges people starting to invest in technology, equipment, people investing in working capital, people investing on the margin.
William R. Koehler: And in health care, where in Ohio, obviously, the demographics would suggest that we need continue to support the needs there over time. We are seeing a lot of new construction and consolidation of services across the full value chain within the health care industry. And as a result, we think we're very well positioned from a Community Bank and the Corporate Bank perspective to serve the needs of the industry overall with some very integrated capabilities.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Just on a separate note, you have assets outside of the Midwest, you have those assets in Colorado, Alaska, Florida. Would you ever consider selling them and redeploying the capital for other uses?
Beth E. Mooney: Josh, this is Beth. We obviously constantly evaluate our franchise and our opportunities to strengthen, invest, grow our business, as well as rationalize our business. And we have always said never say never. Everything over time is always needing to be revalidated. At this point in time, relative to our footprint, all our markets are accretive to Key's performance and we don't see any particular ability to appropriately redeploy what could be any potential gain or funds from such a repositioning. As always, the way the character of the franchise was built, there would always be tax consequences. So as we look at it now, our goal is to optimize our performance. We have market-by-market growth strategies and continue to improve the performance. But the mix of our businesses right now, for the foreseeable future, are where we're positioned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Scinicariello from UBS.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just want to follow up on the -- this building on the success that you've had with the HSBC acquisition. Just kind of curious as you look out and talking about capital deployment, do you see more types of opportunities to continue to round out some parts of the franchise, like the HSBC deal, as you kind of look forward? And if so, would you like to do more of them?
Beth E. Mooney: Steve, this is Beth. We do think that the HSBC transaction is indicative of an opportunity with actually minimal capital to strengthen our presence in 2 key markets. It would be what I would call a small fill-in, where we enhance our presence in Buffalo and in an attractive market such as Rochester to us. So in the right circumstances, we would absolutely be disciplined and opportunistic about what we could do to augment our franchise, where we can leverage our business model, where we can garner new clients and really put to use the alignment between our Corporate and our Community Bank. So as time progresses and opportunities present themselves, we would look to have a point of view to be -- underscore a theme I have also said in the past. But we would be very disciplined about the amount of capital, about what is an appropriate price and that it really does strengthen not only our franchise but strengthens and has a proper return for our shareholders.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. And then just kind of following with the expense management team and going along with kind of further optimization of the network. I assume you would also kind of look to maybe not you're going to exit any markets but just kind of further optimize your positioning within those. So could there be some kind of pruning along some parts of the franchise, just in keeping with what we're talking about in terms of optimization?
William R. Koehler: This is Bill Koehler. There absolutely is. We are constantly looking at our branch footprint in the context of our overall cost structure, returns in each of the branches, as well as overall channel strategy and our de novo strategy. What you will see this year is we are likely to open roughly half of what we've opened last year in the form of branches, and the lion's share of those will be relocations or consolidations, not strictly de novos. So on a net basis, you won't see a lot of branch growth year-over-year. But we'll reposition our businesses to parts of our markets where -- frankly where our customers are, so we can provide a continued focus on convenience that they demand.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just one last quick one. I know, as part of the CCAR capital plan approval, you had sought to repurchase some trust preferreds. And I know you didn't quantify the amount, but I was just curious if there is a certain kind of target amount that you like to redeem. I know you've got the request out there for approval to -- but I was just curious if you could quantify just how much you're looking to buy back?
Joseph M. Vayda: Sure. This is Joe Vayda. I'll take that question. We have about $1 billion remaining in outstanding trust preferreds. And each has its own unique economics to the issuer. But we're evaluating particularly those that have regulatory capital treatment call provisions. And that includes primarily the Series 10s, which is about $560 million outstanding. They cannot be called without a capital treatment change, and it's subject to further evaluation.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move on to Adam Hurwich from Ulysses.
Adam G. Hurwich - Ulysses Management LLC: A question as a follow-up to the first question actually, where you discussed the impact on NIM on the shift between loans and securities. One of the reasons for the size of the securities portfolio, I assume, has to do with the macro environment we've just been through. Given that things are improving for the bank, to what extent do you have an opportunity to reduce the liquidity in the securities portfolio in general regardless of that shift? And what would the impact potentially be on the NIM?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: This is Jeff Weeden. As we look at the investment portfolio, the investment portfolio has been stored liquidity for us. So if you think about it, we've been more liability-driven. So we have the liabilities. We've parked some of the excess liquidity in the investment portfolio. The investment portfolio, itself, is turning about $500 million of cash flow each and every month at this point in time with these particular rates. So we have reinvestment opportunities that happen all the time. So I think as we look at it and we say that we have loan growth, we'll put it into loans at that particular point in time. And that's why you've seen the overall portfolio come down. The other part is on the liability management side of the equation. So to the extent we have debt maturities, which we have $1 billion that matures in June of some TLGP debt, we will look at where the overall flow of deposits are. Deposits have still been positive for us. So to the extent we have positive deposits flows and we have a loan demand that's out there that continues at basically what our expectations are, we will have some degree of need to reinvest in our securities portfolio each and every quarter. But that's factored into our overall guidance. So we've taken all of that into account as we've looked at our net interest margin guidance that we've provided for 2012.
Adam G. Hurwich - Ulysses Management LLC: So Jeff, if I understand you correctly, what it sounds like is given these flows, you don't see a material drop in the total assets of the bank this year.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: That is correct. We actually provided our guidance was for $71 billion to $73 billion of average earning assets. And that's predicated, too, on the fact that we know we have these debt maturities, we have CDs that are repricing. But we also have positive deposit flows in other areas in the transactions and regulated accounts.
Operator: And I'll take our next question from Mike Turner from Compass Point.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Just one asset question regarding the Fed's new guidance in first quarter or regarding NPL accounting for HELOCs or for second liens. I know over 50% of your home equity portfolio is first lien. Maybe -- there didn't seem to be any impact in the quarter on your NPL accounting. Maybe you can just speak to that reserve accounting and why there was no commensurate increase at all in NPLs.
Charles S. Hyle: Yes, Mike, this is Chuck Hyle. We have been, I think, quite fortunate in our HELOC portfolio over the years in terms of how we've underwritten it. You mentioned the fact that well over 50% are first liens. We've been tracking that information. We've been tracking the firsts that we do have, that others have that we don't on our seconds. We think we have very strong methodologies in terms of understanding the quality of that book. It has performed, we think, on a relative basis, very well through the cycle. We do very aggressive work on looking at credit bureau scores every 2 months. We have a quarterly appraisal mechanism. And all that has been factored into our provisioning effort. We have a lot of quantitative analysis around that. And as a result, with the new guidance that has come out really, we view it as having virtually no impact on our portfolio. And I think our performance has underscored our approach to that.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And so what percentage for those HELOCs, where you don't own the first but there is one, what percentage of those do you actually have data on the first lien?
Charles S. Hyle: I can't give you the exact number, but we worked through various vendors to track that information. And we have, I think, a pretty good fix on what is out there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it appears we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. And again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vern Patterson or Kelly Lammers, at (216) 689-3133. That concludes our remarks. Thank you.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation today.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Member of Executive Council William R. Koehler - President of Key Community Bank Beth E. Mooney - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and Member of Executive Council Christopher Marrott Gorman - President of Key Corporate Bank and Vice Chairman of Keybank National Association Charles S. Hyle - Chief Risk Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Executive Council
Analysts: David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jeff K. Davis - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael Turner Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kevin Barker - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the KeyCorp's 2011 Fourth Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Beth Mooney. Ms. Mooney, please go head, ma'am.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. And good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for today's presentation is Jeff Weeden, our Chief Financial Officer. And available for the Q&A portion of the call are the leaders of Key Corporate Bank and Key Community Bank, Chris Gorman and Bill Koehler. Also joining us for the Q&A discussion are our Chief Risk Officer, Chuck Hyle; and our Treasurer, Joe Vayda. Slide 2 is our forward-looking disclosure statement. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call today.  Now if you would turn to Slide 3. This morning, we announced fourth quarter net income of continuing operations attributable to common shareholders of $201 million, or $0.21 per common share. Our fourth quarter results reflect continued improvement in credit quality, solid loan growth and further evidenced that we're gaining traction in leveraging the alignment of our franchise across business lines to support the needs of our clients. There were also some unusual items in the quarter that impacted our revenue and expense levels that Jeff will cover in his remarks. Key's dramatic improvement and credit quality this year continued in the fourth quarter with net charge-offs declining for the eighth consecutive quarter to 86 basis points of average loans. Nonperforming assets and the level of criticized loans also continued to show meaningful improvement.  Our progress reflects the actions taken to improve our risk profile and strengthen our credit culture, which can be seen in our credit metrics, as well as in the quality of our new loan originations. We were also encouraged by the second consecutive quarter of period-end loan growth with average balances increasing for the first time since the fourth quarter of 2008. Driving the loan growth was a 5.4% increase in average commercial, financial and agricultural loans, marking the third consecutive quarter of growth for this portfolio. This confirmed our belief that we've reached an inflection point in loan balances in the third quarter of 2011 and that we have created a business model that is distinctive and positions us to win in the marketplace.  Before Jeff discusses our quarterly results, I want to step back and review the progress we made in 2011 and share some thoughts on our priorities for 2012. In 2011, we benefited from the actions taken to strengthen our balance sheet, reduce risk, reposition our business and rebuild capital. As you can see in our full year results, we have returned to solid and sustainable profitability, reached an inflection point in our loan portfolio and established peer-leading capital levels. For the full year 2011, net income from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders was $857 million or $0.92 per common share, which was a significant increase from the $413 million or $0.47 per common share in the prior year. The year-over-year increase was largely driven by the dramatic improvement in credit quality, good expense control and our success in growing our business.  In 2011, we also continued to focus on customer service. I was pleased with the recognition we received over the course of the year that affirms our relationship strategy and validates our customers' belief they receive value from Key's products and services. Recent recognition includes a survey by American Customer Satisfaction Index showing that Key is one of only 2 large banks that improved its overall customer satisfaction score for 2 consecutive years. And Key scored significantly more positive than the banking industry overall. Additionally, Key ranked fifth nationwide in overall customer satisfaction in the J.D. Power and Associates 2011 Small Business Banking Satisfaction Survey and achieved the highest score in the industry for in-person account activities.  The final item on this slide focuses on maintaining a strong balance sheet and remaining disciplined in our approach to capital management. Our strong capital position provides us with the flexibility to support our clients and our business needs and evaluate other appropriate capital deployment opportunities.  One exciting opportunity was our recent announcement that we have signed an agreement to acquire 37 retail branches in Buffalo and Rochester, New York. The acquisition will strengthen our upstate New York franchise and benefit our local communities, clients and shareholders.  And finally, earlier this month, we completed our 2012 CCAR submission and look forward to working with our regulators and board to evaluate appropriate opportunities to deploy capital, which could include an increase to our common stock dividend and potential share repurchases. Until the process is completed and we receive a response back from the Federal Reserve, we will not be able to comment further.  Turning now to Slide 4. This shows the progress that we've made towards our long-term goals. 2011 was clearly an inflection point for our company, and I want to recognize the dedication and hard work of our employees that contributed to our success. And as we look to 2012, we remain confident that despite industry headwinds, we've positioned Key to win in the marketplace and continue to make progress on its financial goals.  With the foundation of a strong balance sheet and our relationship strategy in place, our outlook for 2012 is built on solid loan growth driven by CNS lending, and I would point out that our growth will continue to be a result of: higher quality, relationship-based loan originations and not purchase loans; our net interest margin that is stable to improving; capitalizing on opportunities to leverage our relationship model with our market sensitive businesses to grow fee income; remaining focused on expense management; continued improvement in credit quality; and while the pace of the improvement will slow, we expect continued progress towards our goals.  And finally, one of the most important decisions that we'll make over the next several years relates to the way we manage our capital, making sure we remain disciplined and opportunistic in making decisions that enhance shareholder value.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff, who will review our fourth quarter results and provide more detail on our expectations for 2012. Jeff?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Thank you, Beth. Slide 6 provides a summary of the company's fourth quarter 2011 results from continuing operations. As Beth commented on earlier, for the fourth quarter, the company earned a net profit of $0.21 per common share, compared to $0.24 for the third quarter of 2011 and $0.33 for the fourth quarter of 2010. The fourth quarter contained a number of moving parts, including a charge of $24 million related to our obligation under our total return swap on the Visa Class B shares we sold in 2009 and a $10 million loss on the redemption of certain capital securities. I'll touch more on these items, along with expenses and credit quality, in a few minutes.  Turning to Slide 7. Average total loans increased $656 million during the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter of 2011. This represented a 1.4% unannualized increase from the third quarter, and is the first time we have grown through the runoff portfolio since the fourth quarter of 2008. As can be seen on this slide, average balances of commercial, financial and agricultural loans increased from $17.4 billion to $18.3 billion, or approximately 5.4% unannualized, and our utilization rate of CF&A loans improved from 44.4% in the third quarter to 46.3% in the fourth quarter of 2011.  During the Q&A segment, Chris Gorman, Bill Koehler and Chuck Hyle will be able to provide additional color on the quality of the credits and the spreads we were achieving. However, in a brief comment, we were pleased with the overall quality and the fact that spreads held or expanded during the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter.  Moving to Slide 8. On the deposit side of the balance sheet, our trend of improving mix of deposits continued during fourth quarter, where we experienced a $1.6 billion or 3.5% unannualized increase in nontime deposits. As noted on this slide, average balances of time deposits declined approximately $900 million during the fourth quarter. And at quarter end, we had approximately $10.4 billion in time deposits outstanding. We have identified, under the highlights section of this slide, the scheduled maturities of our CD book and the rates that apply to these balances. Approximately $6.8 billion of our CDs outstanding at December 31, 2011, mature over the next 4 quarters, and included in these totals are approximately $2.5 billion of higher-costing CDs originated prior to 2009.  To provide some additional detail on these higher-costing CDs: $238 million at a 4.95% cost mature in the first quarter; $688 million at a 4.57% cost mature in the second quarter; $1,025,000,000 at a 5.06% cost mature in the third quarter; and $529 million at a 4.88% cost mature in the fourth quarter. These repricing opportunities will benefit our net interest margin.  Turning to Slide 9. We continued to experience an improvement in our asset quality statistics again this quarter. Net charge-offs declined to $105 million or 86 basis points of average loan balances for the fourth quarter. In addition, our nonperforming loans declined to 1.47% of period-end loans at December 31, 2011. Our reserve for loan losses stood at $1 billion or 2.03% of period-end loans and represented 138% coverage of nonperforming loans at December 31, 2011.  As we have identified on Page 21 in the Appendix of today's materials, criticized loans outstanding declined for the 10th consecutive quarter at December 31, 2011.  Looking to 2012, we anticipate continued improvement in asset quality with lower levels of nonperforming assets and net charge-offs for the year. Specifically with respect to net charge-offs, we anticipate the amount to be comparable to the second half of 2011 for the next couple of quarters. Regarding provision and reserves, we anticipate the amount provided to be less the net charge-offs in 2012. However, we would anticipate, as loan growth continues, we would migrate during the course of the year for provisions to be closer to the level of net charge-offs. There are a number of variables to consider, of course, including the composition of the loan portfolio at each quarter end throughout the year.  Turning to Slide 10. For the fourth quarter of 2011, the company's taxable-equivalent net interest income was $563 million and the net interest margin was 3.13%, up from $555 million and 3.09% for the third quarter of 2011. Average earning assets were relatively stable for the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. An improvement in asset and funding mix aided both the net spread and net interest margin for the quarter.  Our expectation for 2012 is for the net interest margin to show modest improvement and for average earning assets to remain in a range of $71 billion to $73 billion. Helping to offset some of the headwind on the margin from the continuation of the low-rate environment is our ability to reprice maturing CDs throughout the year, as well as scheduled debt maturities.  As a result of the announcement on January 12 that we will be acquiring 37 branches in Western New York this year, with approximately $3.4 billion in deposits and $400 million in loans, we will use this excess liquidity to simply retire debt and fund loan growth. During the first 6 months of this year, we have approximately $2 billion of debt maturities with approximately $1.4 billion occurring in the second quarter. The all-in cost of the second quarter maturities is approximately 1 month LIBOR plus 200 basis points.  Our noninterest income was down for the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, primarily for the following factors. First, we recorded a charge to our dealer trading and derivatives income line of $24 million related to our estimated cost associated with the total return swap we entered into in 2009 when we sold our Class B shares of Visa to a third party. On December 23 of last year, Visa announced that they would be funding more of their escrow account for litigation and canceling Class B shares. This action created a charge for us under the total return swap. Next, in the fourth quarter, we incurred a charge of $10 million compared to a gain of $13 million realized in the third quarter when we redeemed certain capital securities. Retirement of the capital securities will benefit our future net interest margin. Also during the fourth quarter, principal investing incurred a loss of $8 million compared to a gain of $34 million during the third quarter. And finally, we had the impact of the new government pricing controls on debit card interchange, which reduced our debit card income by $15 million compared to the third quarter 2011.  Turning to Slide 11. Expenses increased during the fourth quarter of 2011 compared to the third quarter by $25 million to $717 million. During the fourth quarter, we incurred additional expense for professional fees, marketing, personnel, other real estate owned and various other miscellaneous items, which were partially offset by a credit to the reserve for unfunded commitments. Some of these additional costs incurred are typically higher in the fourth quarter and should subside as we get into 2012.  In 2012, we will continue to focus on cost control efforts as we invest in client-facing positions and technology, continue to optimize our nonclient-facing positions and occupancy costs, expand for marketing where we can deepen client relationships to improve future revenue and implement other efficiency initiatives.  Slide 12 shows our pretax, pre-provision net revenue and return on average assets. Pre-provision net revenue at $260 million for the fourth quarter was negatively impacted by the $24 million charge for Visa, the $10 million charge for the redemption of certain capital securities and the $8 million loss from principal investing. By contrast, the third quarter benefited from a $13 million gain on the redemption of capital securities and $34 million in gains from principal investing. As we look at pre-provision net revenue for 2012, we anticipate PPNR to be in a range around $280 million to $330 million per quarter.  And finally, turning to Slide 13. Our tangible common equity ratio and estimated Tier 1 common ratio both remained strong at December 31, 2011, at 9.88% and 11.28%, respectively, placing us in the top quartile of our peer group on these ratios. As Beth commented on, with respect to the capital management, our priorities include reviewing the dividend for possible increase and seeking authority around potential share repurchases. However, until the Fed completes their review under the CCAR process, we are not able to comment further at this time.  That concludes our remarks. And I will turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Beth, I was just wondering if you could just give us a little bit more color, just in terms of the HSBC acquisition. The question is, you guys certainly don't need any more capital. You're flushed with liquidity, and as Jeff mentioned, you're paying off some debt. But I just want to explore a little bit further, just in terms of how you're thinking about that excess capital, the excess liquidity. And again, given the franchise, your execution strategies and so forth, is this another way in terms of how you're looking to redeploy again that kind of the excess capital? I'm just trying to better understand the acquisition relative to kind of your excess liquidity, excess capital position and kind of how you guys are thinking about kind of your capital management over the next couple of years.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Todd, that's -- I'd be delighted to take that question. And I think the primary driver of the acquisition of 37 branches in Western New York is to strengthen our franchise in the markets of Buffalo and Rochester. We have talked about how share density and increasing our presence at markets over time helps us acquire clients, increase our revenue and enhance our business operations. So we viewed this, first and foremost, as an opportunity to strengthen our franchise in 2 important markets to Key. Relative to liquidity and capital, the liquidity front, as Jeff mentioned, those deposits of $2.4 billion that we'll close in the second quarter are paired around upcoming debt maturities. So our first use for that will be to simply pay off those maturing debts. And as it relates to capital, we have said we will opportunistically look at acquisitions that enhance our franchise that could potentially use some capital. And given the size of this particular transaction, the amount of capital that it uses is really minimal.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so to the bigger question then again, most of the companies have been receiving the question this quarter just in terms of as you think about capital, you certainly -- you mentioned kind of the dividend preference certainly. But again, has the kind of priorities shifted at all, just in terms of as you think about capital return and the deployment of capital between dividends, buybacks, selective acquisitions or opportunistic acquisitions?
Beth E. Mooney: Todd, we have -- our priorities around capital have not changed. And I will just reiterate them to kind of set clarity around that because it wasn't included in our remarks. Our primary use of our capital is investing in our businesses and supporting our clients and our loan growth. Second would be our common stocks dividend. Third, we would look to the return of capital in the form of share repurchase to our shareholders. And then fourth, our capital position allows us to be disciplined and opportunistic about ways that we could invest in our franchise to include selectively acquisitions over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to dive in a little bit more on the components of your PPNR guidance for $280 to $330. Jeff, correct me if I'm wrong, but if I add back some of the extraneous items in the fourth quarter, it seems like the PPNR level is $294? Appreciative of the NIM expansion and continued loan growth could get you to the higher end of your range. Could you give us a sense of what a core run rate of expense that is sort of embedded in that PPNR guidance? And also what you're expecting for fee income trends, specifically for Durbin mitigation?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: With respect to the expenses, it would be very similar to our guidance that we gave last year in the first quarter. That last year, we gave in the guidance of around $700 million to $725 million. I would say that would probably be in the -- right around the $700 million level is where we're looking at for expenses. I think on Durbin, the mitigation plans really won't to be in full swing as far as fully implemented until we get into later this year and into 2013. So that's one "area." But we also are seeing very good activity, I think, with regard to our loan syndication activities. You've seen where we've had good loan origination-related activity here in the third and the fourth quarter, and syndication of our loan-related fees have been -- held up quite strongly. I think with respect to the other item, as you're talking about too, the net interest margin, we are guiding for a stronger margin in 2012. And certainly, with, I think, the leverage that we have on the CD and on the debt side that will be something that will be achievable for us.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And the second question I had was some just clarity on your guidance with regard to the reserve. I guess is it -- what guidepost can we -- should we look at? I understand that you mentioned that it's really dependent on the portfolio mix at the end of the quarter. But as far as thinking about the timing of provision, matching charge-offs, are we looking at your coverage to NPLs? Are we looking at allowance versus loans? What sort of a guidepost for us to look at in terms of not looking at credit leverage as a support for EPS in 2012?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, there are multiple of factors that we go through. I think in terms of whether you're looking at nonperformers, coverage of nonperformers, it's certainly one that we look at. We also look at what our forward loss expectations are, too. So when you look at the portfolio, we build it up each and every quarter. It's based on probability of default of credits and then loss given default of individual credits. So those are all factored into it. Individual benchmarks to look at, you can use certain things on the consumer side, it’s usually about 12 months forward look plus 1 standard deviation is kind of our view on the consumer side. But commercial credit is much more unique in looking at the individual underlying credits and the quality of the credits. Chuck, anything you want to add to that?
Charles S. Hyle: Yes. It's a little hard to predict these things. It really does all boil down to commercial portfolio composition. And as Jeff and Beth indicated in their comments, I think our criticized classified numbers continue to come down in a pretty good pace. I think they were down 14% in the fourth quarter. And I think another important factor is that the new origination for the quarter continues to improve the overall quality of our commercial portfolio. In other words, the credits that were underwriting and taking on the book are of even better quality. So all those things help move things in the direction that we've seen over the last number of quarters. The kind of ailing [ph] force, of course, is an increase in volume. And that's what we're beginning to predict, and we'll see how that plays out over the next couple of quarters.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could you let us know what you're providing terms of the new CF&A or C&I growth? How much you're providing for new C&I growth?
Charles S. Hyle: You mean in terms of the reserve?
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes.
Charles S. Hyle: I don't -- we don't disclose -- we don't really look at it that way. We look at it in the -- we look at the total portfolio. We look at what's in the portfolio. We look at correlations within the portfolio. And we do an individual bottoms-up approach. What we do track is the probability to default of the new business that we do. And directionally, that is, as I said earlier, improving the overall tone of the portfolio.
Operator: Next up with Nomura, we have Brian Foran.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I guess to start, just to clarify the NIM, the modest improvement, is that from where we are today? Or is that from a full year level?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Brian, that's from where we are today. So we expect to see improvement as we go throughout the year.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then on capital, I know you already addressed it. But one question I get over and over again so figured I'd ask you is, with the capital ratios so high and with the stock value below tangible book, I definitely understand the strategic rationale for improving density in your markets. I definitely understand the attraction of certain shareholders to a recurring dividend. But does the thought process around buybacks change based on the stock price? I guess a lot of people kind of look at that ability to buyback stock below tangible book is almost like a free money trade.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Brian, this is Jeff again. I think what we all have to be conscious of is the fact that it's not really something that the board and management has directly within their control anymore. So what all of us have to do is go through this process of submitting our plans to the regulators, and then it's reviewed. So our priorities, I think, were laid out as to how we want to employ our capital. And we don't disagree with you that having the opportunity to do some share repurchases at these particular levels would certainly be accretive and attractive to us. But everything has to be balanced in the approach and how we are viewing our overall capital plan going forward.
Beth E. Mooney: And Brian, I would just add, this is Beth, that in our comments about our 2012 CCAR submission, we said that we contemplated both potential increase on our common stock dividend, as well as the potential for share repurchase. And we, like the other banks that participate in the CCAR process, will get further guidance from the Federal Reserve in the middle of March.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just one other clarification on the interest earning asset guidance. That includes the HSBC branches? Or that excludes them?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: That would include those particular branches because we have debt maturities that are coming up. So it's a little bit of a liability-driven approach here. We have plenty of liquidity. So we'll improve our mix of our assets as we have loan growth. We'll have cash flows coming off of our investment portfolio that will be reinvested into loans. And then as we get into the second part of 2012, we have the opportunity with the deposits coming back on and continued loan growth to show overall growth in the average earning assets.
Operator: We have now Ken Usdin with Jefferies & Company.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: To follow up on that last point, I was just wondering if you can walk us through, again, that trajectory of earning assets. We understood the 71 to 73 type of number you're thinking about for full year. So I'm assuming that, that includes the acquired branches. At what point do you see that balancing act starting to level out in terms of earning assets bottoming? And within that, how close are we also seeing the exit and the continued ops portfolios getting to a bottom as well?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes, okay. So with respect to the average earning assets, we basically have been holding right around the $72 billion mark here the last 2 quarters. And so we are getting towards that bottoming part of that process. I think as we look at the first quarter and the second quarter, we have those debt maturities. I think that would be where we would have the kind of that low part of that particular range. And then as we get into the third and the fourth quarter, we'll be building at that particular point in time. So that's how I would try to look at it from an asset -- average asset perspective.
Kenneth M. Usdin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And within it, on the -- are you changing -- because you're going to be focusing on letting some of those long-term maturities roll off, any -- can you talk to us about any different change in your deposit strategy here? Because obviously, the core deposits, you've been letting the higher-cost CDs run off. We haven't seen a lot of core deposit growth in the last few quarters. So could you talk about any changes you're making there and also how much leeway you have to continue to pull down pricing aside from the obvious CD rollover?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes. Well, I'll ask Bill to comment in just a second on the overall deposit strategy. But I think in terms as you look at CDs rolling off, that's certainly beneficial to us. We have sufficient liquidity. And I think the market right now, overall, has been very, very strong. I would point out the fact that what we have seen is over a $4 billion increase in deposits in the -- in terms of the noninterest-bearing deposits year-over-year. So we have seen very strong flows on our noninterest-bearing deposits. And of course, clients are using those deposits at this point in time to offset certain deposit service charges on the annualized accounts that we have out there. But overall, it hasn't made sense for us or others in the industry to bid up for deposits at a time when loan demand has been relatively soft throughout the 2011 that we did see some improvement here as we got into the latter half and we expect that to continue into '12. One point I would make on those exit portfolios, cause you asked that question, too, those are running down much more slowly at this particular point in time. And so becoming much more problematic as you look at the amortization of those. And they'll probably in that $200 million to maybe $250 million going forward. And we were able to grow through those, not only on an endpoint basis, ending balance basis, but also on an average balance basis during the fourth quarter. Bill, do you want to comment?
William R. Koehler: Sure. The one thing I would say on deposits, as we look at our rate shops, of course, every market is different. But we think we're sort of at the midpoint, maybe on the lower end of the midpoint, within our markets on the any given day. And our deposits still continue to grow. We think that's an indication of our relationship strategy and the intermediation that's happening in the market and applied to quality. So we feel good about that aspect of the growth in our deposits.
Operator: We'll now go to Mike Turner with Compass Point.
Michael Turner: On the principal investing losses in the quarter, I know that's a very volatile line item. You've kind of averaged around $20 million a quarter up through the third quarter. Can you maybe talk about what those losses were comprised of? And how you think about that business going forward?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, certainly under Dodd-Frank, we think about that business going away going forward because a number of the individuals that used to be a part of the company were basically spun off here, left the company in the second quarter of this year and are still managing those particular funds. But they’ve got their own operation at this point in time. Most of the overall balances that we have in principal investing, which is approximately $700 million, $500 million of which are funds and $200 million of which are direct investments. And they both continue to pay down. So we saw realization of sales in the fourth quarter of this year. Now some of the -- as we look at this, it is choppy and volatile. And I would expect that we would see that to continue going forward. It's very difficult for me to predict exactly where it's going to come out on any given quarter because of the underlying investments and how they may or may not perform.
Operator: Next up with Morgan Stanley, we have Ken Zerbe.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just going back to the reserve a little bit. Obviously, we've heard your comments about provisioning matching charge-offs a little later in the year. Have you -- or can you share any kind of discussions with the regulators or the SEC or anyone who cares about your reserve ratio in terms of what level is appropriate? Because you're still at 2% reserves, seems very high. But we've been releasing -- you've been releasing a big commentary that would suggest that the pace of reserve release excluding loan growth, of course, is going to slow, if not kind of stop? So we're trying to know how much of your reserve ratio depends on your model factors versus sort of external regulator factors?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, the one comment -- this is Jeff, and then Chuck will comment also on this. But I think you have to look at the fact that we reserves set up for specific individual loans to the extent those loans get resolved. Those reserves are no longer necessary. And so that's what we're seeing some of that particular action as nonperforming loans continue to go down. There were specific reserves assigned to them, and those particular reserves get released. I think the overall pause is migration of the book, and it's difficult to tell you how long that will continue before it just becomes a stabilization and then you start getting into more of a factor involving just normal loan growth. Even if it's at the same existing credit quality, we'll require additional reserves to be taken at that particular point in time for that particular production. But I think what I wanted to convey in the initial comments were that we still expect to see the reserve come down during the course of 2012. However, with the pace of which it came down in 2011, which resulted in an overall credit to the provision expense for the year, we do not expect that in 2012 at this particular point in time. And in fact, as we migrate towards the year, we expect to see provision expense increase. But it still may not be. I can't tell you specifically if it will equal net charge-offs at that particular point in time.
Charles S. Hyle: Ken, this is Chuck Hyle. I'll just add 1 or 2 comments to Jeff's. And one is that, as we said before, this process is a bottoms-up commercial loan by commercial loan analysis that we do every quarter. It's quite rigorous and it's quite detailed. And that's basically every quarter we do this. And that's what drives -- ultimately drives the allowance. And while we look at multiple of factors, that is the core of the analysis that we do. I would say the commercial book -- we've seen terrific progress on the commercial book over the last 2 years. And as we've said over the last quarter or so, I think that progress, the reduction in bad loans and so forth, is kind of reaching a more normalized state. But on the consumer side, while we've seen some progress, it hasn't been dramatic progress. And I think that we will not see incremental progress on a consumer side of the book until we see better underlying economic news, particularly the unemployment rate. And while our consumer book never deteriorated very dramatically during the cycle, the improvement, I think, the pace of that improvement has been slow. So I think there are slightly different stories in those 2 books. We'll see how they play out during the quarter. And again, as we've said earlier, the volume that we create over the next couple of quarters will have an impact on the reserves as well. But it's a very rigorous, very kind of mathematical process that we go through as we establish our reserves.
Operator: Next up, we have Chris Mutascio with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I wanted to talk about the guidance a little bit if I could. Your pretax pre-provision range, the high end of that range, is essentially what you did in all of 2011, that $1.3 billion. And then you mentioned that your provision expense that you've been talking about, pretty much has nowhere to go but up. If we can extrapolate that out from an operating perspective, in other words, your pretax pre-provision income, then taking out the provision expense, it seems to me that your operating income, or your pretax income, had a fair amount of degradation to happen and to occur in 2012. What is the offset to that? Were your tax rate stay fairly low? Is it share buybacks? Or do you expect EPS to actually flatten out and turned down because of provision impact in 2012?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, this is Jeff Weeden again. I think if you look at the consensus out there in the street, you would see that the estimates for 2012 would actually be below the 2011 earnings of the company. And I think you summarized it in the sense that with the negative provision in 2011, having a positive provision in 2012 wouldn't automatically create some degree of headwinds there. I think what we overcome over time is really with the continued loan growth and margin expansion and also being able to offset some of the other headwinds that we have with respect to the debit card fee income of related items. So it is from the perspective as you described it. I mean, I think we've given pretty specific guidance on the range of pre-provision profitability. We've given pretty specific guidance, even with respect to charge-offs for the next couple of quarters and provision expense remaining below that, but I can't tell you exactly how much below it will be until we actually go through the end of each and every quarter. Tax rates will remain relatively comparable. So I think in tax terms, the tax rates can change depending upon the income in any given quarter. But factor in a normal tax rate and then we apply tax credits against that, that we originate on an ongoing basis, and that has a reduction -- natural reduction, to the overall effective tax rate.
Operator: Next up, we'll go to Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a question in terms of the balance sheet. And you noted that the securities portfolio available for sale is down about 8%, but the securities that you're holding to maturity are actually up by a similar amount of the AFS securities going down. Could you just give us a little more color as to what you're longer-term thinking is for those 2 line items? And I noticed that the securities that you're holding to maturity have somewhat lower yields on those. And if you could just add some color on that as well, that would be helpful.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes. I'll take the lower yield right away because those where our new originations are going into. So the new coupons are just of lower than the overall portfolio, just given the nature of the market today. With respect to the overall size of the portfolio, it will, in all likelihood, come down as we have loans that we're funding as part of the change in the overall asset mix. We've had a higher level of investment securities during the last couple of years as we have basically had this part of liquidity. And so as liabilities have been repricing, that's been coming out of that particular area. Now that we've reached kind of the floor on some of the liability side of the equation on the deposits, we still have some debts maturing. But as we look at it, we're using the cash flows coming off of the investment portfolio. We'll fund new loan growth for the overall company, and that will just be an improvement in the asset mix itself and benefit the margin.
Operator: Next with Deutsche Bank, we'll go to Matt O'Connor.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, at this point, here. But just as we think about the rating agencies and what they're looking to see from you guys to get an upgrade, any thoughts on that? I think you still have some deposits in the commercial mortgage servicing business that could come back if you're catching upgrade. And obviously, that can help on the funding mix even more so.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes.
Beth E. Mooney: Matt, I would just say, overall, obviously, as S&P did their review of the regional banks last year, they saw to move Key to a positive outlook that we're pleased to see. And obviously, Moody's has looked at the bank arena. And Jeff can comment more specifically on some of the components, but I think there is an overall perception within Moody's related to the earnings power of our industry in this particular economic regulatory and interest rate environment. So we continue to look to the strength of our balance sheet, the strength of our capital ratios and the things that we have done to basically position our company. And I think the rating agencies will continue to monitor that for Key, as well as the industry over time. And I would let Jeff comment more fully on Moody's.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes. I think in terms of capital reserves, asset quality, we're all -- the company is in very good shape. I think what it really is looking at is just to continue to show improvement here in the future on pre-provision profitability of the company. So we feel good about the direction that we're headed as a company. But I cannot predict when any particular rating action may take place. So if it does, it is positive for us. But even at our current ratings, we are in, I think, a relatively good shape.
Operator: We'll go next to Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I've got a multipart question for Jeff and Beth. The first is, how do you guys -- what is your cost of capital? What kind of number have you guys come up with for that number? And second, if you look at the new Basel III Tier 1 common ratios that everybody will be managing to, and if we assume your SIFI buffer will be 50 basis points because you're a national SIFI and the Fed seems to be saying that there's going to be a modest SIFI buffer for the national SIFIs. Where are you guys comfortable carrying your Tier 1 common ratio? I assume it's going to be something above that. And then finally, Beth, philosophically, if you guys have capital that stays above 10% or so, and again I know the regulators are very influential on this but this is more of a philosophical question. Would you be comfortable in giving back to shareholders more than 100% of your earnings? Not necessarily this year, of course, but philosophically, with that excess capital, if there is really no real great growth opportunities, would you guys give it back in the forms of dividends and stock buybacks in excess of any year as current earnings?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. Gerard, on the cost of capital, I think you can go out and you can look at any number of different players that are out there and compute the cost of capital, given the current rate environment and the betas out there, whether it's around 10% or something along those particular lines. With respect to Tier 1 common and Basel III, I think in this regard, we do have to wait to see specifically what comes out of the SIFI buffers, if any, and the requirements of those rules. I guess we were hopeful that they would have been out by now, to begin to see that and formulate it. But we expect those out in the not-too-distant future. With respect to how well-managed capital, we'll take that all into account. Does that mean that -- I think as you look at the capital composition has changed also. So we have not only look at Tier 1 common, but you have to look at Tier 1 in total capital, what those requirements are. And so with that in mind, more -- does it end up being a Tier 1 common level that's closer to a 9%, 9.5%, 10%? We don't really know yet at this point in time. Where we are right now at the end of the year on a Basel I basis was a Tier 1 common of around 11.28%, 11.3%. And we're in very good shape on that. So Beth, do you want to comment on the...
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Gerard. I would say that clearly on the philosophical point of view, our priorities are driven by the view of what creates the most value for our shareholders. And we've talked about obviously having capital support, our organic growth, as well as the growth that's required for our clients, dividends, share repurchase and then excess capital available under the right circumstances and in a disciplined way for other opportunities that could include acquisition. Embedded in that is our philosophy. And clearly, at any point in time, you're right. How we utilize capital is being governed by the CCAR process in conjunction with the Federal Reserve. And at current share prices, share repurchase would be important -- would be attractive to shareholders because that return of capital would be enhancing to their value. So in conjunction with our board and our regulators, we will look at that each and every year. And in my comments, I used the word some of the most important decisions we will make as a board and management team, in conjunction with our regulators in the coming years, is how do we use that capital in a disciplined way that creates franchise and shareholder value. So clearly, continuing to look at those 4 priorities in each and every year against those opportunities, against what's the right thing to do to make sure we're taking care of our shareholders, is top of mind of the board and management in conjunction with our regulators.
Operator: Next up, we have, pardon me, Steve Scinicariello with UBS Securities.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just want to follow up on the additional opportunities that you might see similar to the HSBC branches. And as it relates to kind of optimizing your franchise, I mean, that was such a great move. And I'm just curious as to how many other types of opportunities you might see kind of across the franchise. And even if you're not seeing them, what other areas, maybe across your geographics franchise, would you like to do those kinds of deals?
Beth E. Mooney: Steve, this is Beth, and I would say that additional opportunities are hard to predict because these tend to come along for reasons that aren't necessarily something that you can plan or anticipate has to do with the circumstances of an organization that would be in a position to look to sell something or sell a whole bank. We have said in the past that we believe we can create value in a disciplined way by looking at the breath of our geographic markets and where appropriate if opportunities were to come along that would allow us to do a fill-in acquisition that would enhance our market presence, would strengthen our ability to leverage our business model, acquire clients and utilize the capabilities of our corporate and community banks, that again was the word discipline being operative in that sentence, that we would look at those. And across our franchise, there could be a variety of areas and opportunities in that regard. So I appreciate your comment about a recent announcement as being attractive. I think that is indicative of the kind of the things that we are trying to think about to strengthen and enhance our franchise. And with that, I know Bill Koehler, our President of Corporate -- Community Bank, might have some additional thoughts about how he looks at our various geographies.
William R. Koehler: I will make 2 comments. The first is, we have benefited from balance and diversification across all our geographies. So we want to take advantage of that and recognize it as so. The other point I would make relating to our branch network is, we can't wait for those opportunities. We have opportunities to rationalize and optimize our existing branch network, and we're looking at those. Whereas in 2011, we built 39 or 40 branches. This year, we will build more like half that many. And we will shift the focus as well, towards relocations and consolidations in order to reposition as best we can our branch footprint to more attractive trade areas, so we can find other opportunities to gain efficiencies and productivity.
Operator: And next up with JP Morgan, we have Steven Alexopoulos.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to start looking at the $1.5 billion of C&I loan growth. Were you guys active in buying loans during the quarter, potentially from Euro banks?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Steve, it's Chris Gorman speaking. Just a couple of quick comments. The answer is no. We were active in originating deals, and in fact, distributing them. But we -- all of it is really organic growth. And we've gone about the business of really targeting who we want to do business with. For example, in our KeyBank Capital Markets group, we grew our customer base by 10%. But that 10% had twice as much in terms of fee income. And as Chuck Hyle mentioned earlier, the weighted average probability of default was significantly below that, which resides in the portfolio. So it was truly targeted organic growth that we experienced and we expect to continue to experience as we go forward.
Beth E. Mooney: And Steve, this is Beth. One of the things I underscored in our opening remarks when I've shared some of the priorities and thoughts around 2012 was critical to our success, as well as our business plan, is continued growth in that position and deepening of relationships in our commercial, industrial and agricultural loan book and that, that will be through the execution of our relationship strategy and not purchased loans. And...
Operator: Next up, we have Jeff Davis with Guggenheim Partners.
Jeff K. Davis - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Not a big thing, and you may have commented on it or maybe you may have put it in the release and I've completely missed it, but let me ask the question. OCI [ph] was down about $171 million linked quarter. I think tenure was flat Sep 30 to December 31. What drove that change?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Primarily 2 things. One, we have a smaller held to -- or available-for-sale portfolio. And the second item is the change in the pension value, pension asset values.
Operator: Next up with Raymond James, we have David Long.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Thinking about the loan growth, obviously, your expectations are for continued loan growth here. But relative to the fourth quarter, obviously, it was quite strong. Is there any seasonality we need to think about here in the fourth quarter? And also, were there any accelerated depreciation tax advantages some of your clients may have taken here at the end of the year that would have run that fourth quarter number a bit higher?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: David, it's Chris. A couple of things there. We always, on a seasonal basis, particularly in our leasing business, do, in fact, have an increase in the fourth quarter. So there is some seasonality to it. In addition to that, there were some specific things in the fourth quarter, for example, where we were bridging transactions, where we're doing the takeout. In one case to Fannie and Freddie and another to a consortium of insurance companies we're going to do a private placement. So A, there is some seasonality to it. B, on top of the seasonality, there was some transaction-specific activity in the fourth quarter that will not duplicate itself as we roll forward into 2012.
Beth E. Mooney: And David, I would just add that pipelines across our businesses continue to be strong. Levels of new business volume originations are increasing. But in all things, there is seasonality and there are timing cases. So as we think about 2012, we feel good about continued loan growth. But in any given quarter, the level of growth, such as we had in the fourth quarter, is often influenced by other factors.
Operator: We'll take Paul Miller from FBR Capital Markets.
Kevin Barker - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: This is Kevin Barker filling in for Paul Miller. I just have a quick question and a follow-up on the commercial loan growth. Do you find that a lot of the loan growth coming from that side is being invited into more syndications with Euro banks exiting a lot of the market?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: So Kevin, it's Chris again. A couple of things. There is no question that the exiting of the European banks has had an impact on the entire market. So we are clearly seeing that. And you're also seeing on the supply side, if we go back, for example, in the real estate business, 5 years ago, the CMBS market was a $300 billion market. Last year, it was a $30 billion market. This year, I think it's going to be a $25 million or $35 billion market. And there is a wall of refinancing. So there are some issues on the supply side that are driving our ability and other people's ability to grow loans. Having said that, our growth was not, in fact, driven by buying into syndications and filling out where the European banks used to be. As we said earlier, it was really lead business. We lead 70 -- we're focused on the middle market obviously, but we lead 70% of the deals we're involved with.
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions. I'll turn everything back over to Ms. Mooney for any further or concluding comments.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, Operator. And again, we'd like to thank everyone for taking time from their schedule to participate in our call today. And if you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vern Patterson or Kelly Lambert, at the phone number of (216) 689-3133. And for today, that concludes our remarks.
Operator: Once again, everyone, this will conclude today's program. We thank you for joining us. Please enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Member of Executive Council William R. Koehler - President of Key Community Bank Beth E. Mooney - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and Member of Executive Council Christopher Marrott Gorman - President of Key Corporate Bank and Vice Chairman of Keybank National Association
Analysts: Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jeff K. Davis - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Russell Gunther Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kevin Barker - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division Eric B. Anderson - Hartford Financial Management, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's 2011 Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Beth Mooney. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for today's presentation is Jeff Weeden, our Chief Financial Officer, and available for the Q&A portion of the call are the leaders of our key Corporate Bank and Key Community Bank, Chris Gorman and Bill Koehler. Also joining us for the Q&A discussion are our Chief Risk Officer, Chuck Hyle; and our Treasurer, Joe Vayda.  Slide 2 is our forward-looking disclosure statement. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question and answer segment of our call today. Now, if you would, please turn to Slide 3.  This morning, we announced third quarter net income from continuing operations, attributable to common shareholders of $229 million or $0.24 per common share. Our results reflect continued improvement in credit quality, good expense control and the ongoing execution of our business plan. Key's favorable credit quality trends have benefited from the actions taken to improve our risk profile and our early recognition and resolution of problem credits.  Key's net charge-offs to average loans declined to 90 basis points which is our seventh consecutive quarterly improvement and the first time that it has been below 1% since the first quarter of 2008. Nonperforming assets continue to decline during the third quarter, representing the eighth consecutive quarterly decline.  We also reached an inflection point in our loan portfolio. Period-end loan balances increased in the third quarter, reflecting the progress we've made in repositioning our business and a 5.7% increase in our commercial, financial and agricultural portfolio. This increase in our CF&A loans was driven by continued activity in the industrial sector, as well as increases in middle market lending in all 3 of our geographic regions.  The increase in loan balances also reflects our ability to leverage the alignment of our organization across business lines to deliver value to our clients, as well as identify, share and convert new opportunities. We remain focused on our targeted client segments and in supporting small and medium-size businesses. To that end, Key recently announced that it will provide $5 billion in loans to qualified small business owners over the next 3 years. We believe that this is an important initiative to foster growth and expansion which are critical to job creation.  We are also focusing on sustaining and building noninterest income which is critically important given the headwinds from regulatory changes. As Jeff will discuss in our financial review, consistent with general industry trends, we saw a reduction in the third quarter in some of our market-sensitive businesses, including investment banking and capital markets. This was offset by higher net gains in our principal investing business for the quarter.  We have been active in implementing strategies to impact -- mitigate the impact of the new debit card rule. These strategies are focused on retaining and expanding our engaged client relationships by offering client choices, aligned with their needs and preferences, and we are in the process of reviewing how to reduce the cost structure of our Consumer Payments business.  At a time when many competitors are raising fees and eliminating or deemphasizing customer rewards, we believe that we can differentiate Key in the marketplace by offering exceptional service and a more compelling value proposition to our clients.  In the third quarter, we launched our enhanced relationship rewards program which is our unique response to Durbin and the changing regulatory environment. By staying true to our client insight approach, we took the time to listen to our clients and identified what is important to them. Key's new program will reward customers for taking advantage of our full range of services and for choosing Key as their primary bank. We believe this will help us drive new client acquisition and deepen relationships with our existing clients.  The final item on this slide focuses on capital management. Key ended the third quarter in a strong position, with our Tier 1 common equity ratio at 11.34% and our Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio at 13.55%. These levels should place us in the top quartile of our peer group and position us for a successful transition to Basel III.  Our strong capital position provides us with the flexibility to support our clients and our business needs and evaluate other appropriate capital deployment opportunities. We are currently in the process of finalizing and presenting our 2012 financial plan to our board which will then become our base case for our capital plan submission to our regulators.  While we continue to wait guidelines for the 2012 process, we preliminarily expect our capital planning process to include an assessment of certain capital distributions, including potential dividend increases and share repurchases in the future.  On Slide 4, we showed the progress that we continue to make on our long-term goal. On a number of these measures, we are currently within our targeted range, including maintaining a high quality and a diverse revenue mix, and we are continuing to make progress on other measures such as returning to a moderate risk profile and bringing asset quality within our targeted range.  And at the bottom of this slide, you can see that our return on average assets for the third quarter was 1.14%, which was also within our targeted range.  Before I turn the call over to Jeff, let me conclude by saying, our third quarter results demonstrate consistent, positive momentum for Key, as we continue executing our relationship strategy. Despite the uneven pace of the recovery and regulatory changes, we are gaining traction, in both the Community Bank and the Corporate Bank, and we believe we have the right business model to compete and win in the marketplace.  With a strong foundation of our strong balance sheet in place, we are well-positioned to organically grow our franchise and remain disciplined, with respect to expense and capital management. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff for a review of our financial results. Jeff?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Thank you, Beth. Slide 6 provides a summary of the company's third quarter 2011 results from continuing operations. As Beth commented on earlier, for the third quarter, the company earned a net profit of $0.24 per common share compared to $0.26 for the second quarter of this year and $0.19 for the same period one year ago. Overall, we were encouraged by the continued progress we experienced in credit quality, loan demand and expense management during the third quarter.  Over the next several slides, we will review in more detail the results from the current quarter. Turning to Slide 7. Average total loans declined $446 million during the third quarter compared to the second quarter of this year. However, this doesn't reflect the underlying strength that we saw in our commercial client base, with commercial and industrial loans increasing 2.7% linked quarter on annualized. And as Beth mentioned, on an ending balance basis, we saw our total loan portfolio increased $355 million or 0.7% on annualized. This was the first period end -- the period end increase in the total portfolio since the third quarter of 2008. As a result of this period-end balance increase, our pipeline of lending opportunities remaining solid and the reduced levels of run-off and balances in our exit portfolio, we believe we have reached an inflection point in our loans where we can begin to show an increase in average balances going forward.  While our clients remain cautious about the world economic conditions, they are making capital investments in their operations and taking advantage of historically low interest rates and available liquidity for lending.  Another encouraging sign of where we are winning with our clients came from the increase in our commercial financial and agricultural loan commitments during the quarter. This was the second consecutive quarter where we experienced an increase in total CF&A commitments and an increase in utilization rates by our clients.  Moving to Slide 8. On the deposit side of the balance sheet, our trend of improving mix of deposits continued during the third quarter where we experienced an -- where we experienced a $1.2 billion or 2.8% annualized increase in non-time deposits. As noted on this slide, average balances of time deposits declined approximately $700 million during the third quarter. And at quarter end, we had $11.2 billion in time deposits outstanding.  We have identified under the Highlights section of this slide, the scheduled maturities of our CD book and the rates that apply to these balances. Approximately 74% of the CDs outstanding at September 30 mature over the next 5 quarters, allowing us the opportunity for continued repricing of the book. And as a point of reference, the weighted average rate paid on new and renewed CDs during the third quarter is 25 basis points.  Turning to Slide 9. We continue to experience an improvement in our asset quality statistics again this quarter. Net charge-offs declined to $109 million, or 90 basis points, of average loan balances from the third quarter. As Beth mentioned, this was the first time since the first quarter of 2008 that our net charge-offs, as a percentage of average loans, was below 1%. In addition, our nonperforming loans declined to 1.64% of period-end loans at September 30, 2011. Our reserve for loan losses stood at $1.1 billion or 2.35% of period-end loans, and represented 143.5% coverage of nonperforming loans at September 30, 2011.  As we have identified on Page 21 in the Appendix of today's materials, criticized loans outstanding continued to decline during the third quarter.  For the fourth quarter, we anticipate nonperforming loans to continue to trend lower for our net charge-offs to be relatively comparable to the third quarter level and for the provision for loan losses to remain below the level of net charge-offs.  Turning to Slide 10. For the third quarter of 2011, the company's taxable equivalent net interest income was $555 million and the net interest margin was 3.09%, down from $570 million and 3.19% for the second quarter of this year.  Average earning assets were relatively stable for the third quarter compared to the second quarter with loans and investment securities down approximately $1 billion and short-term investments up approximately $1.4 billion. This shift in mix explains the majority of the pressure on our net interest margin for the third quarter.  Our expectation is for the net interest margin to be stable to up and for average earning assets to remain relatively stable for the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter of 2011. Helping reverse some of this margin pressure is the expectation of modest improvement in the mix of assets with short-term liquidity coming down, as it is redeployed for debt maturities and for the expectation of growth in our loan balances and continued improvement in the mix of deposits compared to the prior quarter.  Looking at noninterest income, we experienced an increase in gains from principal investing of $17 million, as well as gains associated with the redemption of certain capital securities in the amount of $13 million during the third quarter compared to the second quarter of 2011. In addition, we saw growth in deposit service charge income and letter of credit and loan fee income for the current quarter. These increases helped offset declines in our investment banking and capital markets income, as well as trust and investment services income. Both market sensitive areas were impacted by the market conditions that existed during the third quarter.  Also as we look at the fourth quarter, the effect of the new pricing controls on debit transactions are estimated to negatively impact our revenue by $12 million to $15 million per quarter before implementation of mitigation strategies.  Turning to Slide 11. Expenses remained well controlled for the third quarter of 2011. For the current quarter, noninterest expense was $692 million, up from $680 million for the second quarter of 2011. The change between the third quarter and the second quarter can be largely explained by a reduction in the credit to the expense for the reserve for unfunded commitments which declined by $11 million to a net credit of $1 million for the third quarter. Also of note was the continued favorable experience we had during the third quarter related to other real estate expense, resulting from gains on dispositions of property, helping to offset operating expense and valuation adjustments in this area.  For the third quarter, other real estate expense was an expense of $1 million versus a credit of $3 million for the second quarter of this year.  Slide 12 shows our pretax pre-provision net revenue and return on average assets. Pre-provision net revenue at $346 million for the third quarter was relatively unchanged from the second quarter of 2011. As effective expense control, better results from principal investing and gains associated with the redemption of the capital securities, more than offset the decline in net interest income and the decline in market-sensitive revenue from investment banking and capital markets activities during the current quarter. Also shown on this slide, are a return on assets for the past 5 quarters. The return on average assets for the third quarter was 1.14%. Our return on average assets for the third quarter continued to benefit from provision expense remaining low due to improving credit quality and well-managed expenses.  And finally, turning to Slide 13. Our tangible common equity ratio and estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio both increased during the third quarter to 9.82% and 11.34%, respectively, at September 30, 2011, placing us in the top quartile of our peer group on these ratios. In addition, both book value and tangible book value per share increased this quarter to $10.09 and $9.10 per share, respectively, at September 30.  As Beth mentioned in her comments, we are in the process of finalizing our 2012 profit and capital plan at this time. This is critical input to our CCAR submission that we expect to complete during the fourth quarter and submit to regulators with our 2012 capital action request. At this time, we are in the process of updating our own stress test scenarios and we, like others in the industry, will need to incorporate into our analysis, the regulatory stress test once it is available.  Beth further commented on our priorities, with respect to capital management, which will include reviewing the dividend for possible increase and seeking authority around potential share repurchases. However, until we have additional transparency into the 2012 CCAR process, we are not able to comment further on this at this time.  That concludes our remarks. And now we'll return the call to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call today. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steven Alexopoulos from JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jeff, regarding the capital plan that's being submitted, can you just help us understand the timing of when we should expect to see the outcome from this?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, we really -- we don't know when the outcome is going to take place because we haven't received the instructions yet from the regulators. As I commented on, all of us in the industry are really waiting for the process to be further articulated by the regulators. Once we have that, then we'll be in a better position to give some type of indication as to when we would expect to see things coming out, but I would assume that the regulators would make that public as to what their timing would be.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, but we shouldn't expect you to move forward for any type of buybacks or anything this year then. We won't know until early next year?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: That is correct. It will be a 2012 event.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and just one follow-up on the margin guidance you just gave. How sensitive is that to you delivering loan growth to see that margin stabilized or be up slightly in 4Q?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, I think if you look at our ending balance basis, we think that average balances will be up in the fourth quarter and it does have some degree of sensitivity associated with it, using our short-term liquidity. So we have 2 things in the guidance that were provided. One is that we have debt that matures here in the fourth quarter. And the second item that we have provided is that we expect to have loan growth, so there is some degree of sensitivity associated with that. The thing that would be negative against that is just that we have a much larger inflow of deposits, and we'd still end up with some short-term investments. But net interest income should be up in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sorry to ask another capital question since we don't necessarily know the answer at this point. But would you hope that when you submit your capital planning process that you can draw down on some of your capital versus just use projected earnings power to deploy capital? Because obviously your Tier 1 comment of -- it's about 12% quite high -- or sorry, 11% and probably 2%, 3% above where you'll need to be. Is there hope that you can draw that down? Again, I realize you don't know, but would that be the hope?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: I think that you answered it. We don't know at this particular point in time. We have to wait to see greater transparency coming out of the process and, of course, ongoing dialogue that we may have as the process unflow -- unfolds here. So we're not able to respond any further at this point in time.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just elsewhere on the expenses. You just finished up an expense initiative a quarter or 2 ago, expenses came in a little bit less than the low end that you've been projecting. And at the same time, the revenue outlook is a little bit more challenging. How should we think about just the investments spend and the expense base heading into, say, 2012?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, we haven't provided specific guidance on 2012 at this point in time, Matt. But suffice it to say that while we stopped reporting on our expense initiative, it is still alive and running in the organization, so we're still focused on expenses. I think both Beth and I commented on it that expenses do remain well managed and controlled. And we're going to have to continue to stay on top of that in this somewhat challenging revenue environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Houston with Jefferies.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is Bryan Batory from Ken's team. My question is on your pre-provision near-term outlook. It looks like it came in around 3.33% this quarter. And if we assume, I'm just wondering what your outlook is in 4Q. If we assume we got a little bit of growth in NII, and you have the Durbin impact hitting, but then on the flip side you also, typically, get a pickup in 4Q in investment banking fees. So could you give us kind of a sense of what pre-provision could have looked like next quarter?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, we've talked about in the past a range of around $300 million to $340 million. That's been the prior range that we provided. I think in terms of looking at the fourth quarter, we do expect to see a little bit of an increase in our net interest income. I think in terms of expenses, they'll still be very well controlled. I think on the fee revenue side of the equation, there are a couple of things there that just looking at the gain that we had on the redemption of the trust preferred securities, as well as principal investing was very strong here in the current quarter. So those would probably be not as strong -- principal investing won't be as strong in the fourth quarter would be the expectation. And then also, we wouldn't have the gain on the trust preferreds that we had in the third quarter. So if I were to guide in that particular level, it would be most likely below what we experienced just because of those 2 items that we had during the current quarter.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and one follow-up. You guys mentioned last quarter that CRE balances could stabilize or even grow by the fourth quarter of '11, is that still the outlook and can you just discuss some of the trends you're seeing within that portfolio?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, I think in terms of the CRE, real estate capital line of business itself is actually doing quite well. Some of the clients still are more on the C&I book rather than the CRE book. So the trend obviously if you look at the average balance basis, the trend there is still going to be lower on average balances, simply because ending balances were below the average for the quarter. Chris, do you have anything else you'd like to comment on?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, Jeff. I mean, Bryan, there's a couple of buckets. There's Key, overall, and I think point-to-point we're probably down something like 3% Key overall. The preponderance of the real estate loans are in the real estate line of business. And that gets a little more interesting in that if you look at our real estate line of business on an average basis we're down, call it $700 million or 8.1%. But on a point-to-point, we're actually up $20 million and we have a pretty decent pipeline. So we feel pretty good about the comment that it was going to stabilize in the third quarter and grow in the fourth.
Operator: We'll go next to Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: One question, I'm sorry if you've already gone over this. I jumped on the call just a couple of minutes late. But in terms of commercial-industrial loan yields, it looks like those were down about 15 basis points. I'm curious as to what was driving that. What the effect of the swaps in that portfolio might have been? But I guess in the bigger picture, are you seeing greater competition in that business? What are the pricing of commitments in that business? And did the increase in LIBOR over the quarter actually helped, in terms of the yield of the loans that you put on in the balance sheet in the third quarter?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: This is Jeff Weeden. I'll ask my colleagues to comment on that in just a second. But with respect to the swap book, it had very little impact, very little during the current quarter. Almost 0 impact there, so only a minor drag on that. I think the overall yield as you have pointed out was down but at 3.98% is certainly in line, as we looked at the pure comparisons. And it's also a remixing of the book. You have older loans that are rolling off. You have newer loans that are coming on. But I know that the rest of the team could comment on what they're seeing from the competitive front.
William R. Koehler: Matt, this is Bill Koehler. I would say the market is competitive, but I wouldn't say it's any more competitive today than it was a quarter or two ago. We do see pressure on pricing in any given situation on any given day. It has been more in the form of pricing and at least in the middle market less on structure, but we are seeing some pressure on structure in any given situation. Our yields and spreads have held up, by and large, and we think that's an indication of the strength of our relationship strategy.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So Matt, it's Chris Gorman. Just to augment Jeff and Bill's comment a bit. I think Jeff is spot on. Because we are winning a lot of new clients, we have a lot of newer loans that are replacing older ones. For example, on the corporate bank on a C&I basis point-to-point we're up about 14% just in the last quarter. And underneath that, there's a fair amount of movement so that's, I think, the biggest factor. In terms of our competitive perspective, we still see C&I book for kind of crossover credits 225 bps over LIBOR or so. We see that holding. And in terms of structure, I would say with spreads blowing out in August and September, I think, structure has actually become more favorable and pricing on the margin is more favorable during the last 60 days.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And Jeff just a very administrative question. In terms of the FDIC expense, should we expect that to continue to be at sort of a high single-digit number on a quarterly basis going into 2012?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, for the time being, I think that's a reasonable expectation, given our overall risk profile of the company. Our FDIC insurance certainly has come down significantly.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Mike Turner with Campas Point Investment.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC: Most of my questions have been answered. Just two ones in the -- other income line item, was there anything unusual in there? I know it's a little higher last quarter and then it was even higher yet again in the third quarter.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: We did have a $13 million gain that we identified, associated with the redemption of our trust preferred securities.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC: Okay, thanks. That's right. You pointed that out earlier. And also separately, what's kind of just from the 10,000-foot view, what's gross loan yields originations? What did they look like for the third quarter? I know there's a number of different products to wait that across. But at least relative to kind of your overall loan portfolio at $450 million?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, I think what we would talk about here. We have several other books that are in exit. So if you look at the Marine book and some of the national home equity book, those are higher yield and those are in exit, but there's no new originations that are taking place. I think Chris Gorman just commented on a lot of them are in the LIBOR plus 2 in the quarter range that for new originations on the commercial side of the equation. I don't know, Bill, what you...
William R. Koehler: I would say in the Middle Market, again, you got -- it depends on the risk profile, but we'll see LIBOR plus 2 in the quarter and some of the more leveraged credits and you could be down in the LIBOR plus 150 and some that are stronger. So that's probably a decent range.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: And even higher than LIBOR plus 200, 300, 400, too. It depends on -- everything depends on a risk profile.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: I would add as you look at our real estate book which we just chatted about, the new originations there would look to be kind of 275, 280 over LIBOR.
Operator: We'll go next to Russell Gunther with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Russell Gunther: Just quickly on the reserves. If you could widen your comments for net new loan growth going forward and the provision to be below NCOs. Could you give us a sense in terms of the magnitude that you might draw down the reserve and where you're comfortable as a floor?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, it's difficult to give you that exact amount until we see kind of how the ending credit balances end up. So there still -- the expectation is the charge-offs will exceed the amount of the provision and that we are in a longer-term cycle coming down here, in terms of overall nonperforming loans, criticized or identified in the materials today also continue to decline. So I think in terms of how we're going to have to look at this charge-offs now for the third quarter on an annualized basis were at 90 basis points. The reserve is at 235. So depending on how that outlook continues to look, which still seems to be a favorable trend in place. It will be coming down, but I can't tell you what the floor may be. I don't think that there's -- In GAAP, I don't think there is "a floor that would apply." So you have to kind of look at how it builds up each and every quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to Nancy Bush with NAB Research.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Beth, kind of a strategic question for you. I mean, I think you would agree that in the past, KeyCorp has been sort of a deposit and liquidity-challenged company. Do you see that having permanently changed right now? And has that, if it has, has that impacted your thinking on what you might be doing in terms of shaping the company, geographically, in the future?
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Nancy, that's a great question. And I do think as we talk about the fact we have fundamentally repositioned our business mix, our risk profile and our company, part and parcel of that was to become a core-funded institutions. It's been 1 of our 5 path to progress to the future as we've identified the things we need to do. I consider that a permanent repositioning that we are now a core-funded company. As we think about what that means for shaping our geography, we clearly have found our way to become core-funded through the strength of our Community Bank franchise and our enhancements to our deposit network, as well as our business strategy around customer service and serving the clients in our market. We continue to invest in certain growth markets, primarily Portland, Seattle and Colorado. But given the economics of our industry, we're also continuing to look at productivity, where clients are using us in channels and making sure we're as efficient as we can be and our strategies in many ways around our branches are maturing, so we will continue to selectively invest in order to support our relationship strategy, but we are pleased with where our franchise is.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: And I would just ask as a follow on and I apologize if you address this already, I kind of in and out of the call. Did you address debit fees and what your philosophy is, given all the controversy in the industry?
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, on that question, I'll ask Bill Koehler the President of our Community Bank because we have done some things to reposition our product and differentiate ourself.
William R. Koehler: Nancy, our focus with respect to debit in the regulatory environment is to acquire and retain engage clients. And when we say engage, we mean people who are choosing to use us as their primary bank. In that regard, you may have seen Key relationship rewards and the offering we announced about 2 weeks ago and what that is focused on is clients who want to build a relationship with us and rewarding them for that loyalty. Key relationship rewards promotes choice. It promotes control. And we think it's fair and the response we've gotten from our clients who have asked us about it and others out there in the market has been very, very good.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: So this will be just basically a relationship strategy that you may be doing more with debit fees sort of after this kind of shakes out or you just haven't said anything yet?
William R. Koehler: We have chosen not to move forward with debit fees.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: I'm going to ask what might be a little sensitive, but I wanted to understand a little bit more about the say-on-pay vote and I guess you're one of the few companies, or at least banks, that got a no vote. And I didn't really understand what that means and how you might change the incentive compensation.
Beth E. Mooney: Mike, this is Beth Mooney, and that was not in this year's vote. That would be 2 years ago that we were a company that did receive a no on say on pay. And this year, that was not the case. And our board who manages our compensation and our Executive compensation programs took that vote very seriously, made a number of improvements that they announced and shared in the spring, and we were successful with our say-on-pay vote this year.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: So as you're the CEO and you work with the board, what's the main incentive-based compensation that you're hoping to use to motivate the management team?
Beth E. Mooney: Our board sets our incentive plans and does so in conjunction with outside consultants, as well as counsel and those are disclosed, the terms of our incentive compensation programs are described fully in our proxy done by the board in their role and oversight of the organization.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: And is Henry Meyer still a consultant? And if so, what's his pay arrangement?
Beth E. Mooney: Henry Meyer is not an employee nor an Executive Officer of the corporation. We did, upon his retirement, ask him to remain for a period of a year. His primary role as a new CEO, you can only imagine the challenges of our industry, as well as the time as well as establishing our story with our investors is in a community role, where he has helped transition community and client relationships. And has specifically aided me in that regard.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: And what is his compensation for that one year?
Beth E. Mooney: Again, it's disclosed in our proxy and I will apologize I don't remember on the top of my head, but it is disclosed and it was subject to an 8-K filing at the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Miller with FBR Investment Bank.
Kevin Barker - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: This is Kevin Barker filling in for Paul Miller. A quick question on the $5.7 billion worth of CDs that are maturing next year at 2.44% how -- can you lay out when the maturities of those at the beginning in the first quarter all the way down through the fourth quarter? And where you see those repricing or whether you're actually go at -- continue to hold on to those deposits?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, Kevin, this is Jeff Weeden. What we experienced in the third quarter with the rollover of the CD book, we actually saw about 65% to 70% remaining in the CD book and then an additional 10% or so that went in to other transaction deposit accounts. So we've got a fairly good retention rate at this particular point in time. Fourth quarter maturities that were identified there, but $2.5 billion and, of course, there's a lot of 7-day to 1-month to 6-month types of CDs that just continue to roll over. I think as you look out into 2012, we have about $1.7 billion that would mature in the first quarter, $1.6 billion in the second quarter, $1.5 billion in the third quarter and then it drops off to about $800 million. But I think the real point here is that, in the third quarter of next year, which goes back to those CDs that were put on in the financial crisis when things kind of dried up at that point in time. We have $1 billion worth of CDs in the third quarter of next year that have an average yield or cost of money of about 5%, 5.06%. In total, between what we have that matures between the October 1 and December 31 next year, of prior to 2009 CDs. So 2008 and prior, is about $2.8 billion of that total and those have an average yield of 4.87%. So if we think about that particular book of business as that rolls off and we have repricing opportunities, it gives us a little bit more confidence as we look at our forward margin. Now, of course, it is asset/liability management so you also have to look at the asset side of the equation, too, for repricing that exist there. But it does give us more confidence. I just wanted to leverage that we have here a Key to continue to show some positive momentum in our margin going forward.
Kevin Barker - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So would you argue with the rates where they are right now, I should say they'll stay static or stable from this point on. Do you actually see a tailwind to net interest income over the next several quarters?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, it is a dynamic process, so I think you have to look at both on the asset side, as well as the liability side. And I think in terms of if we have continued loan growth and we have some degree of expansion, I think that gives us some confidence there. But we haven't provided yet our 2012 guidance with respect to where we see various things playing out. But certainly it is a more of what I call a positive tone, which is why I said I believe that what we have in -- for the fourth quarter reversing some of the trends that we've had over the last several quarters. We see it as a more positive forward view at this point in time.
Kevin Barker - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then finally, would you allow the percentage of your interest earning assets to increase, as far as like securities, as a percentage of these assets, if the loan growth was not there or was not sustainable?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, I think we have to look at the liability side of the equation and the duration of the deposits that we would be taking in. So certainly in some cases, you can do various things besides putting on investment securities. You could always look at extending the duration through the swap book at that particular point in time, but swap rates aren't what I call overly attractive. But it does give you an opportunity to extend some of the duration while maintaining the liquidity that may be necessary, in the event that loans do pick up even further and faster. So it's possible the investment book could show some new growth, but that is not the -- that's not the current vision that we would have. It would be used upon the loan growth.
Operator: We'll go next to Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I was on some other call so I apologize if you answered this question. But Jeff, when you guys look at your capital levels under the Basel III, can you share with us, obviously, your SIFI -- so there's going to be a SIFI buffer that you're going to have to carry. But are you going to need to carry capital above -- I'll change my comment on this, above that level or if your SIFI buffer, let's say, is 100 basis points so you're required to carry 8%. Do you think you'd be comfortable staying around 8%, 8.25% in the quarter or would be something even higher than that?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Gerard, we would in all likelihood once we find out what the SIFI buffer would be. We would look at our overall risk profile. But in all likelihood, we would carry something in excess of that and have that as an internal trigger. So we don't want to carry things just that they're regulatory minimums. We're going to operate in a safe and sound fashion going forward and maintain flexibility. Certainly, we have considerable amount of capital right now that provides us a great deal of flexibility, I think, as we look at Basel III implementation into the future.
Operator: We'll go next to Eric Anderson with Hartford Financial.
Eric B. Anderson - Hartford Financial Management, Inc.: Could you just briefly review for us sort of your current thoughts about the dividend and where that fits into your capital planning equation?
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Eric, this is Beth. We are -- as we indicated, we are in the process of doing our 2012 Budgeting and Planning cycle which would also include looking at a potential dividend increase. I think the best way I could frame how you could think about that is we do have a board-approved dividend policy that indicates that the range with which we would look at a dividend payout would be somewhere between 20% to 30% of income. And while we have not finalized, obviously, those 2012 plans, that is sort of approved policy.
Eric B. Anderson - Hartford Financial Management, Inc.: And do you have regulatory approval to do that or would that be the second step?
Beth E. Mooney: The regulatory approval, as we have discussed earlier, we would submit our capital plan which would include a dividend recommendation from the company and the board as well as other capital actions and that would all be subject to regulatory approval.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Jeff Davis with Guggenheim Partners.
Jeff K. Davis - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Question, I think, for Chris. Any read-through on the auto industry? I know you guys are not huge into the supplier manufacturer base and the like, but any read-through in terms of strength of that sector as it forward looking and what it might mean for the industrial part of the Midwest, more generally?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: The only insight I could give you on that is as you look at the annualized build and you look at the last couple of months, there has been an increase in the last couple of months as you annualize it. And we're seeing -- and as you know, Jeff, we don't have a whole lot of exposure to the automobile industry, but we do have some clients, obviously, that have secondary and tertiary exposure. And almost without exception, those companies are doing pretty well. So I would say it's coming off a low base, but it continues to increase.
Jeff K. Davis - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. As best as you can tell, though, not necessarily transitory?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: No, I think, my personal opinion is as you look at the annualized builds, I don't think it looks transitory. I think it looks like a very slow return. But keep in mind this is an industry that at one point was what? 17.5 million units a year, so there's a long way to go.
Jeff K. Davis - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Sure. And then as it relates to the industrial footprint, Chris, any indication for manufacturers that are big into export? Has there been any data points that would say their Export business is slowing?
Christopher Marrott Gorman: We don't, Jeff, see their Export business slowing in our discussions and looking at their backlogs. But clearly, as a result of the stronger dollar, the profitability from that activity is, in fact, slowing.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. Ms. Mooney, I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any closing remarks.
Beth E. Mooney: All right. Thank you, operator, and again we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. We believe we are well positioned and we will focus on and manage that which we can control, as well as the execution of our relationship strategy. And if you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team. Vernon Patterson or Kelly La Mer at (216)689-4221, and that concludes our remarks today. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: William Koehler - President of Key Community Bank Charles Hyle - Chief Risk Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Executive Council Beth Mooney - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and Member of Executive Council Christopher Gorman - President of Key Corporate Bank and Vice Chairman of Keybank National Association Jeffrey Weeden - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Member of Executive Council
Analysts: Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Kenneth Usdin - Bank of America Securities Terence McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Brent Erensel - Portales Partners Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co Unknown Analyst - 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's 2011 Second Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Beth Mooney. Ms. Mooney, please go ahead.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for today's presentation is Jeff Weeden, our Chief Financial Officer, and available for the Q&A portion of the call are the leaders of Key Corporate Bank and Key Community Bank, Chris Gorman and Bill Koehler. Also joining us for the Q&A discussion are our Chief Risk Officer, Chuck Hyle; and our Treasurer, Joe Vayda. Slide 2 is our forward-looking disclosure statement. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call today. Now if you would turn to Slide 3. This morning, we announced second quarter net income from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders of $243 million or $0.26 per common share. These results are above the amounts reported in the first quarter of this year and the year-ago period.  Our improved performance reflected continued improvement in credit quality, good expense control and the successful execution of our business plan. Key's favorable credit quality trends have benefited from the improvement in the economy and the aggressive actions that were taken to exit higher risk lending activities and our early recognition and resolution of problem credit. This has resulted in Key's net charge-offs declining to their lowest level since the first quarter of 2008, and nonperforming assets has now declined for 7 consecutive quarters.  Another area of focus has been expense management, and our second quarter showed continued progress. We have benefited from the success of our Keyvolution initiative and other efforts to streamline our operations. Going forward, we expect that we will continue to identify additional expense-saving opportunities as this is a critical factor in producing value for our shareholders in a slower growth environment.  We're also leveraging our strong capital, balance sheet and liquidity position. By continuing to focus on meeting our clients' borrowing needs, Key originated approximately $9.5 billion in new or renewed loans and commitments during the second quarter as compared to $6.9 billion of new or renewed loans and commitments during the first quarter of 2011.  We were especially pleased by the growth in our C&I loan portfolio which was up 3.7% from the previous quarter. The increase was driven by activity in the industrial and REIT sectors, as well as increases in middle market lending in all 3 of our geographic regions. Based on what we are hearing from our corporate clients, as well as lower runoff from our exit portfolio, we expect to reach an inflection point in total loans during the second half of this year and we will be poised again for growth.  We've also been working on strategies to mitigate the impact from the implementation of the new regulation on debit card interchange fees. As we previously reported, we estimate the new limits on allowable interchange fees, which will become effective on October 1 will reduce our annual revenue by approximately $50 million to $60 million before the implementation of our mitigation strategy. These strategies will include both revenue enhancements, as well as expense save opportunities. They are focused on not only retaining but expanding our engaged client relationships, increasingly offering clients choices aligned with their needs and preferences, as well as a strong focus on our cost structure for our Consumer Payments business.  And the final item on this slide focuses in on capital management. Key ended the second quarter in a strong position, with our Tier 1 common equity ratio at 11.01% and our Tier 1 risk-based capital at 13.76%. These levels should place us in the top quartile of our peer group and position us for a successful transition to Basel III.  Our strong capital position provides us with the flexibility to make investments in our relationship businesses, look for opportunities to build market share and meet our clients' needs for credit and financial services as the economy improves. Additionally, our board also approved a quarterly dividend increase to $0.03 per common share for the second quarter of 2011.  On Slide 4, we show the progress that we are continuing to make on our long-term goal. On a number of these measures, we are currently within our targeted range, including being core-funded, maintaining a high-quality and diverse revenue mix and the successful completion of our Keyvolution initiative. And we are continuing to make progress on the other measures, such as returning to a moderate risk profile and bringing asset quality within our targeted range. And at the bottom of the slide, you can see that our return on assets for the second quarter was 1.23%, which was also within our targeted range. We continue to believe that as provision expense normalizes and we execute on our client insight relationship strategy, our results will be within our targeted range for return on average assets.  And before I turn the call over to Jeff, let me conclude by saying that we view our second quarter results as another step forward for our company. Despite the uneven pace of the recovery, we are gaining traction in both the Community Bank and the Corporate Bank, and we have the right business model which positions us to compete and win in the marketplace. By executing on our strategies, we can organically grow the franchise by being nimble and opportunistic in our markets and targeted client segments while maintaining our disciplined capital management. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff for a view of our financial results. Jeff?
Jeffrey Weeden: Thank you, Beth. Slide 5 provides a summary of the company's second quarter 2011 results from continuing operations. As Beth commented on earlier, for the second quarter, the company earned a net profit of $0.26 per common share compared to $0.21 for the first quarter of this year and $0.06 for the same period 1 year ago. Over the next several slides, we will review in more detail our results for the second quarter.  Turning to Slide 6, average total loans declined $858 million during the second quarter compared to the first quarter of this year. This was a slower decline that we had been experiencing in prior quarters, and supports our belief that we are nearing an inflection point in the total loan portfolio where it will begin showing growth. In fact, commercial, financial and agricultural loans showed its first quarterly growth in average balances since 2008, increasing $611 million or 3.7% unannualized from the prior quarter. Also during the quarter, we experienced an increase in total commercial, financial and agricultural loan commitments and a slight increase in utilization rates by our clients.  In our non-exit consumer portfolio, we saw balances stabilize during the second quarter. And in our exit portfolio, runoff slowed to $312 million. At June 30, 2011, our exit loan portfolio was down to $4.7 billion, and it's expected to continue moving lower by approximately $250 million to $325 million per quarter for the next couple of quarters, much slower than the rate we experienced earlier in the cycle.  Average commercial real estate balances for mortgage and construction loans declined by a little more than $1 billion during the quarter, as market liquidity continued to remain good for these assets. We anticipate that the decline in commercial real estate balances will slow considerably during the third quarter and stabilize or potentially grow by the fourth quarter of this year. While our clients remain somewhat cautious compared to prior recoveries, our lending pipelines are solid, and we are actively supporting our clients' borrowing needs.  Moving to Slide 7. On the deposit side of the balance sheet, we continue to experience an improvement in the mix of our average deposit balances during the second quarter as compared to both the first quarter of this year and in the same quarter of last year as higher cost in CDs matured and were repriced to current market rates or moved to other deposit categories or other investment alternatives. As shown in the Highlights section on this slide, we have approximately $12.1 billion of CDs outstanding at the end of the quarter. Of this balance, $4.3 billion will mature over the next 2 quarters and $5.1 billion mature in 2012. The average rates paid on the maturities for 2011 and 2012 are 1.51% and 2.69%. This compares to our average cost of CDs renewed during the first half of 2011 of 32 basis points.  The loan-to-deposit ratio shown for the quarter is based on period-end balances and was impacted by a large deposit towards the end of the quarter. On an average balance basis, our loan-to-deposit ratio was approximately 90% during the second quarter.  Turning to Slide 8. We continue to experience an improvement in our asset-quality statistics again this quarter. Net charge-offs declined to $134 million or 1.11% of average loan balances for the second quarter, and nonperforming assets are down to under a $1 billion at June 30, 2011. This is the first time since December 31, 2007.  With respect to nonperforming assets during the second quarter, we continue to liquidate nonperforming loans held for sale and other real estate loaned -- owned. As shown on Page 24 of our earnings release, NPLs held for sale and other real estate-owned balances declined to $42 million and $52 million at June 30, 2011, decreases of $44 million and $45 million, respectively, from March 31, 2011. In total, nonperforming assets are down more than $1.1 billion from the same period 1 year ago.  We were also successful in liquidating other real estate-owned at net gains, resulting in a $3 million credit to OREO expense for the second quarter, further supporting the carrying values that we have assigned to our nonperforming assets. At June 30, 2011, nonperforming loans were carried at 64% of their contractual amount owed, and nonperforming assets in total were carried at approximately 60%. For the second half of the year, we continue to anticipate lower levels of nonperforming loans and net charge-offs and for the provision for loan losses to remain below the level of net charge-offs.  Turning to Slide 9. For the second quarter of 2011, the company's taxable-equivalent net interest income was $570 million, and the net interest margin was 3.19%, down from $604 million and 3.25% for the first quarter of 2011. The decline in the net interest income was in line with our previous guidance calling for a decline in average earning assets, resulting from the repayment of TARP and the movement of escrow deposit balances late in the first quarter.  Average earning assets declined approximately $3.2 billion, and the net interest margin contracted 6 basis points during the second quarter compared to the first quarter of this year. Our expectation is for the net interest margin to remain under some pressure, given the outlook for interest rates and our asset-sensitive position. Further, we are anticipating little change in the average earning assets in the coming quarter. In total, noninterest income was relatively unchanged for the second quarter compared to the first quarter and represented approximately 44% of total revenues for the company.  While total noninterest revenue didn't change materially between the first quarter and the second quarters, there was movement in certain line items. For example, principal investing revenue declined $18 million, and other revenue increased $24 million. Of the change in other revenue, $11 million is explained from improvement in commercial mortgage servicing revenue and $9 million is from the change of fair value of certain hedge instruments.  During the first quarter of this year, we incurred additional amortization on certain mortgage servicing assets when we transferred the escrow deposits in March to another depository institution. And during the second quarter, we received additional income from special servicing we performed in our commercial mortgage servicing area.  Turning to Slide 10. For the second quarter of 2011, total noninterest expense declined to $680 million from $701 million in the first quarter of 2011 and from $769 million for the same period 1 year ago.  During the second quarter, personnel expense increased $9 million compared to the first quarter of 2011, primarily as a result of higher stock-based compensation. During the first quarter, we recorded a reduction in stock-based compensation due to forfeiture of performance-based restricted stock. The second quarter returned to a more normal run rate for this particular expense item.  Non-personnel expense declined $30 million during the second quarter as a result of lower FDIC insurance, a credit to other real estate expense resulting from gains on sales of property and a credit to the provision for unfunded commitments as we continued to see an improvement in credit quality. Criticized assets decreased again this quarter, falling 12.3% from the prior quarter. Included on Slide 20 in the Appendix of today's materials is a quarterly trend in delinquencies, as well as the change in criticized assets levels.  Through the second quarter of 2011, we have implemented $320 million of annualized expense savings, putting us within our goal of $300 million to $375 million set more than 2 years ago. Significant progress has been made in reducing the expenses of the company over the past 10 quarters, and we will continue to seek additional cost savings in this challenging revenue environment. However, we will not be reporting specifically on Keyvolution going forward as we view the philosophy of Keyvolution as part of our normal operating rhythm. Instead, we will continue to manage our expenses and focusing on delivering solutions to our clients that they value. Slide 11 shows our pretax pre-provision net revenue and return on average assets. As expected, pre-provision net revenue declined from the first quarter and is relatively unchanged from the period -- same period one year ago. Also shown on this slide is our return on average assets for the second quarter of 2011 and the trend over the past 5 quarters. The return on average assets for the second quarter was 1.23%.  Our return on average assets for the second quarter benefited from provision expense remaining low due to improving credit quality and well-managed expenses. We continue to believe as provision expense normalizes and we execute on our client insight relationship strategy, our results will be within our targeted range for return on average assets of 1% to 1.25%.  And finally, turning to Slide 12. Our tangible common equity ratio and estimated Tier 1 common ratio both increased during the second quarter to 9.67% and 11.01%, respectively, at June 30, 2011. In addition, book value and tangible book value per share increased this quarter to $9.88 and $8.90 per share at June 30, 2011. With strong capital, reserves, favorable migration of credit quality and an expense management culture in place, we are well-positioned to focus on executing our business plans to grow and deepen our client base and deliver shareholder value.  That concludes our remarks. And now we'll turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Let's begin with Craig Siegenthaler from Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: First, I just wonder if you could help us dissect the decline in the loan yields. If you take a look at the 20 basis point decline in the C&I yield from 1Q, what was the rough contribution from rates, competition and then maybe some unusual items like swaps runoff?
Jeffrey Weeden: Okay, Craig, this is Jeff Weeden. The decline or the 20 basis point decline that we experienced in the C&I loan yields in the first quarter, there's a couple of important points to make. One, swaps contributed about 8 basis points of that decline so the swaps rolled off. That cost us about 8 basis points. But when we had also went out and looked at the impact, we have a large degree of our loan portfolio that's variable rate and that's priced off of 1-month LIBOR, as well as 3-month LIBOR. So if you look at the average rate on LIBOR between the first quarter and the second quarter, 1-month LIBOR was down about 6 basis points, and 3-month LIBOR was down about 4.5 to 5 basis points. So that also contributed probably about 3 to 4 basis points in that particular area. And then we did see, just as new spreads coming on are a little bit tighter. So that also had an impact. So the balance was really a tightening of the spreads. But there's a lot of it that's explained by swaps and then just the change in LIBOR.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: And then when we think about what you've seen so far in July in terms of competition and if we assume kind of, let's say, a flattish LIBOR flat interest rates in 3Q versus kind of that 8 basis points of competition you saw in the second quarter, how are we trending thus far in the third quarter?
Christopher Gorman: Craig, its Chris Gorman. I think the pressure continues. I think that as we look at both structure and pricing, I would assume it would kind of go down another 5 basis points as people are looking for assets. The interesting thing that we see is we see it from both sides. We have a very big syndication business that we originate paper for our clients and distribute. So we see it on that side of it. And we also have a very big commercial loan mortgage business. So we feel like we have a pretty good insight to where the market is. And clearly, structure is getting more aggressive as is pricing.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: And then on the CD runoff, $4.3 billion is running off in the third and fourth quarter. Can you help us with the timing? Because I know it's very important if it's beginning, middle or kind of end of quarter for this $4.3 billion.
Jeffrey Weeden: Yes, Craig, this is Jeff again. What we have specifically in the third, there's about $2.4 billion that will roll off in the third quarter. It's going to be about a 1.46% deal. I think you have to look at -- there's a lot of that of course that will be in there that will be 7-day, 30-day, et cetera, that just the normal runoff that continues to happen each and every quarter. The bigger runoffs really happen in 2012 when we get into the higher costing, some really of the more higher cost CDs out in the second and the third quarter. And the third quarter has got the largest lock. So there's about $1 billion in the third quarter of 2012 with an average rate of around 5%.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: I guess my first question is just on capital. Obviously, your Tier 1 common has grown by, I think it was like 27 basis points this quarter. You're building capital which is great. How do you -- maybe could you just review your capital priorities specifically if they relate to buybacks and potential acquisitions?
Beth Mooney: Yes, Ken, this is Beth Mooney. Clearly, you're right. We are in the era of generating new capital, and we have said that disciplined capital management will be one of our priorities. In 2011, when we submitted our plan to our regulators under the capital submission, our priority at that time was the repayment of TARP in a shareholder-friendly manner, as well as the increase of our dividend to $0.03. Going forward, as we look at how we manage our capital both for a return to shareholders, as well as supporting our business, increasing our dividend is important over time. Share repurchase relative to our book value is clearly attractive. And then it's important that we support our organic growth, as well as we've said in the past, we would look at potential opportunities to enhance our geographic footprint, but that we would be disciplined and that we would make sure that it created franchise in shareholder value. But those would be the primary goals of any capital management policy at this time.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: And are you seeing any kind of buying and the willingness of sellers to participate in M&A?
Beth Mooney: We would not comment obviously on any market trends, but we certainly, as you have seen, there has not been a lot of market activity yet this year.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: Understood. And then just the last question, on expenses, how much -- I understand you're basically done with Keyvolution, but is there a way to quantify the additional expense savings you guys had mentioned about going forward? Or is that just sort of part of the ongoing business? And also is the $20 million reduction in FDIC insurance expenses sustainable going forward?
Jeffrey Weeden: Yes, I think in terms of the -- I'll comment on the FDIC insurance first. It appears to be sustainable simply because we've de-risked the overall company. So the company has changed significantly I think in the last 3 years, so we have a lot more Tier 1 capital at this particular point in time. The quality of our investment portfolio is extremely high. So there's a great deal of liquidity in the overall wholesale funding needs or the loan-to-deposit ratio has improved dramatically. So we'll see obviously going forward on FDIC insurance will be significantly below where it has been for the prior quarters. And we would expect something similar to what we experienced in the second quarter of this year. Overall, expense management and expense controls, we haven't given any specific targets there. It's really part and parcel to our culture for the organization to continue to manage expenses tightly and look for revenue opportunities. We know that it's a challenging environment, and it's just part of the culture of the organization.
Operator: And we'll go next to Matthew O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Unknown Analyst - : This is Ron Placid [ph] on Matt's team. You mentioned the NIM is expected to remain under pressure from here. I guess, how should we think about the trajectory of the NIM going forward compared to the 3.19% in 2Q? And just compared to your long-term target of greater than 3.5%, what do we need to see from rates in the economy for Key to achieve that?
Jeffrey Weeden: This is Jeff Weeden again. I think in terms of achieving the longer-term goal of above 3.5%, we're going to have to see the overall rate environment increase. So we certainly need an increase in short-term rates, as well as going out to probably the 3 to 5 years on the yield curve which, as we all know, has been very much depressed here of recent. And the prospects of that I would say of going up are not real high in the near term. In terms of overall pressure on the margin, I think just what we talked about, we're talking about a little bit of pressure on some of the loan yields. And so as asset yields come down a little bit, we're repricing deposits, which is why we provided the additional clarity I think around the CD book. But the fundamental item there is that as yields come down on assets and we're asset-sensitive position that we're in right now, it's going to continue to pressure the overall net interest margin, as well as how much liquidity we have. So liquidity has been extremely strong. Deposits are continuing to be plentiful in the system overall. And so that -- it just has a natural depressing impact on the net interest margin, not necessarily net interest income.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay, great. And then just switching gears, looking at credit. In terms of quantifying reserve draw down from here with reserves to loans coming down to currently 2.6%, how much should we expect the magnitude of reserve release to slow from here?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, we don't provide specific guidance with respect to reserve release because it is something that we go through mathematically each and every quarter. We did provide the direction. Our expectations would be for lower levels of nonperforming assets, as well as lower levels of net charge-offs. And I think as we continue to see the economy improve and you see the charge-off level really approaching that 1% level here in the second quarter, that the trend on reserves is going to continue to come down.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. And just a quick follow-up. Just longer-term, where do you see kind of the reserve level normalizing?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, that's a difficult question to answer. I think in terms of what we had commented on even 6 months ago was that having the reserve over a cycle, it could come down to 1.5% to 2%. I really can't give you any more specifics than that because it does depend upon the quality and the size of the overall portfolio.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin - Bank of America Securities: Jeff, to your comments about pretax pre-provision, it's obviously settled in off of the original fourth quarter high point. And I'm just wondering if you're talking about the stable earning assets, a little bit of margin pressure. The fees look pretty good and then expenses, you had a little help from provision expense. And then we get the interchange stuff in the third quarter. I'm just wondering, are we at the point where pre pre is flattening? Or does that actually have to get -- is it once we get past the interchange run rating? I'm just wondering how close we are to flattening out on pretax pre-provision. And where do you think it could range?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think there's -- last quarter, we commented on a range of $300 million to $340 million as being plausible outcomes for the pre-provision net revenue. I think you have to look at individual expense line items. We have the gains in other real estate. Other real estate balances are pretty low at this particular point in time. So we're not looking for a significant expense in there. But on a more normal level of expense would be somewhere around $5 million for that particular item. And then I think in terms of the reserve for unfunded commitments, that continues to track down. But commitments are also starting to build again. So we're having some success in clients actually taking out new commitments, which we believe is a very healthy sign. And so the trend in that may not be down for an extended time period. So those are kind of offsetting items. And then I think the net interest margin itself will remain under some pressure here, just as generally as rates have been fairly low.
Kenneth Usdin - Bank of America Securities: So if I adjust for the expenses and build in the impact of Durbin and then earning assets flat with a little margin pressure, it would probably mean versus this quarter's $344 million were priced -- directionally have to move down. But you're saying that, that range is still pretty reasonable.
Jeffrey Weeden: I believe that range is still pretty reasonable.
Kenneth Usdin - Bank of America Securities: Okay, great. And then the second question I had was just, credit quality is obviously continuing to get much better. It did look like, if I'm reading this right, that inflows were up a little bit. So I'm just wondering, when you look across the portfolio, is everything kind of still down and to the right? Or is there any things that you could worry about from a softening of the economy perspective at all?
Charles Hyle: Ken, this is Chuck Hyle. I think generally speaking, everything is moving down and to the right. Quarter-to-quarter, everything doesn't move in a nice, easy trajectory. Things can pump up a bit. And I think our inflows this quarter were up with just a tad, but a lot of things contribute to that. And we're negotiating in a lot of different areas. But I think not only are inflows up a little bit, payments are also up. Returns to accrual are also up. There are a lot of things that go on in any given quarter, kind of an arbitrary timeframe. But I would say that the trend in all areas are moving in the right direction. Some of them more slowly than others. Clearly, the business bank and the kind of consumer end of the business that didn't go up very much in terms of bad loans and so forth are coming down more slowly. And that is probably the sector of our portfolio that's most closely tied to the economy. So as the economy bumps along, we expect the trajectory to -- the slope of that to come down a little bit more slowly. But overall, we're pleased with direction and feel quite comfortable that things are moving in the right direction.
Operator: We'll go next to Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: Just to follow up on Ken's question, on the Community Bank level, I did notice a spike up in the provision. What were the dynamics that were underlying that spike? And are you getting more worried about your core home equity debt service performance as the economic recovery stagnates?
Jeffrey Weeden: This is Jeff Weeden. I think what we were -- what you saw in the current quarter was that there were some reserves that were allocated around in some of the business units where we saw some risk. But I don't think it was more than just the net charge-offs. So in that particular book, it was just a replenishment of the net charge-offs. I think as Chuck talked about, some of those particular books have not seen the improvement, overall improvement, but they did not have the amount of degradation earlier. And so charge-offs and provision have just kind of normalized and matched themselves in that particular book for the second quarter.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And in terms of Beth's comment with regards to an inflection point in loan balances, Jeff, you mentioned that the exit portfolio runoff is going to decline to a $250 million to $325 million range. I was wondering if you could help us fill the blanks in terms of how much you expect for runoff -- continued runoff in CRE. What kind of growth you are expecting out of your consumer core portfolio, and given your commentary about how the confidence is not quite where it should be, given where we are in the economy recovery, what you're expecting for C&I for the rest of the year.
Jeffrey Weeden: I'll comment on the -- some of the other books that we've had. The runoff portfolio, we do expect to go down about $250 million to $325 million, but that's kind of like normal amortization that we're going to see from that. I think Chris Gorman can comment on the CRE book, and both Chris and Bill Taylor can talk about kind of what they're seeing in the other portfolios.
Christopher Gorman: Sure, Jeff. Erika, I'll start with the real estate book because that's the biggest piece. And we had a runoff of about 10% quarter-over-quarter, which was about $900 million, which is in keeping with what we anticipated. Jeff mentioned in his comments that we expect that portfolio to stabilize in Q3 and have growth in Q4. That's still our view. We had pretty good visibility as to what was going out of there. That's the biggest number. The second portfolio would be our national leasing business. That portfolio has in fact been stable over the past year, and we feel very good about where that portfolio is going. We have a big exposure to technology, to software and to medical equipment, and that typically is a late year capital cycle. So we feel good about that business. And then lastly, our institutional and capital markets business enjoyed a 10% growth quarter-over-quarter, which was $400 million. We feel very good about where we are in that business going forward. We have a very large syndication pipeline which gives us very clear visibility for continued growth in that portfolio. So from the Corporate Banking perspective, we think we in fact have reached that inflection point and are focused on getting growth in the back half of the year.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: So the inflection point comment is just from the Corporate Banking, on the Corporate Banking piece of the business, not the total -- not on total loan balances?
Jeffrey Weeden: Total loan balances is what we're talking about because we are saying that the growth that we are seeing overall, both in our commercial, C&I book as well, is the fact that we've come down fairly rapidly because of the liquidity in the marketplace on CRE gives us this greater confidence that we're not going to see as much decline, and that's what was in our comments, as much decline in the third quarter in CRE and may in fact see a build in that particular book. With the strong pipelines that we have overall, we actually expect to see growth in the book in the fourth quarter. But we're not forecasting in a specific amount or anything, but it appears that we've reset inflection point and we've started to see growth overall in the portfolio.
Christopher Gorman: And the reason we always start by talking about real estate is it really obfuscates a lot that's going on in the rest of the bank because the numbers are so significant.
Beth Mooney: And Erika, to your question, why don't we let Bill Koehler augment on his view on the Community Bank because we have noted healthy pipelines across all our businesses and stabilization in a number of portfolios. So Bill, why don't you share your view of the Community Bank?
William Koehler: As we've looked, Erika, at activity in our commercial businesses, the middle market continues to be strong. This will be I think the third straight quarter of strength in middle market in terms of loan growth. And the pipelines are still good. We had some pull-through. So there's a little bit of downdraft in the pipeline, but that's simply related to pull-through from the previous quarter. And in business banking, we had a very strong quarter in business banking. Our approvals are up across the board from small business, sort of traditional business banking, as well as SBA. If you go back a couple of quarters, we would have said approvals were largely coming in the form of SBA. And now it's much more balanced across all the subsegments of our small business activities. On consumer, the home equity has stabilized at least this past quarter, and with having the loan balances declined at a much lower rate than previous quarters. So we're seeing activity much broader across the Community Bank than we would have seen over the past 2 quarters from a loan demand perspective.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: That was very clear. And my one last question is for Beth. I know that as you've come into your position, you've been very busy executing on the business plan goals that you laid out. But have you had a time to sit down and really think about Key's strategy in a more wholesale holistic manner in terms of whether -- currently, as Key stands, you're in the right geographies, and you're in the right businesses.
Beth Mooney: Erika, that's a good question, because as we sit here today, we are in the process of finalizing our strategic plans for the coming year. And I would tell you, we feel even more confident about our business plan and where the company is positioned to compete in the marketplace. We feel like we have built something very distinctive with our relationship-based, locally-delivered Community Bank, our unique expertise capabilities and range of products and services in our Corporate Bank. So both sides of the bank we believe are distinctive and well-positioned to compete. And the segment that we've been talking is that we feel like has really, really added to the robustness of our business model is the collaboration that we built and the cross-business opportunities between the Community Bank and the Corporate Bank. Each are seeing opportunities and revenue and client growth that they would not have without the other. So that alignment of our corporate Community Bank around our targeted verticals in our market is serving us well. We believe that it's less than an ideal operating environment, but we're gaining traction. And we see that we are winning with our clients, which to us validates the notion that we need to execute this strategy, stay focused, start showing organic growth and couple that with our capital management. I did, as you said I've been very busy over the last couple of months. But I did meet with many of our institutional shareholders, and I've heard and understood that their expectations are for profitable growth, continuing, strengthening of our risk profile and for disciplined capital management. And we feel like we are positioned to deliver those with the strategies and the markets we serve.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: And when will you unveil this plan? Is it in conjunction with your fourth quarter call or perhaps during the fall conference season?
Beth Mooney: Erika, it's not a different plan. I think it's our ongoing annual process that we have where we constantly look at our strategies and validate them. So we go to various investor conferences and outline our priorities, our strategies, how we believe we're competitive and distinct. We will continue the dialogue. And if there are changes or nuances, we will always highlight those. But I think as we have taken our stake in the ground about executing on our business plan, focusing in on organic growth and disciplined capital management for our roadmap to how we're going to maximize shareholder value, we are very focused on continuing on that path.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Maybe I'll start, I want to just clarify what Chris Gorman just said. You're saying that the $9.7 billion pre-book you expect to be stable in the third quarter and then maybe share growth in the fourth quarter. I'm just wondering what's changing here. Is the runoff slowing or you just have more of an appetite to add new commercial real estate and offset this runoff here?
Christopher Gorman: Steve, there's a few things going on there. One is that we have very opportunistically delevered a lot of our clients, gone to the equity markets, gone to the commercial loan mortgage market. So that process has really kind of run through. The second thing that's happened is we have now successfully transitioned that book. When we started, we had about 60% of that book that was in construction. Today, that rests at 16%. And then at the same time, in keeping with what Beth was talking about, working very closely with the Community Bank, we really targeted these owners of real estate. And we're getting a lot of traction. We have a lot of traction in the REIT business already. I think we lead 17% of all the publicly-traded REITs in a financing perspective. But we're also now getting a lot of traction with these owners of real estate. So not only are the exits diminishing, but we're getting a build in the pipeline.
Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, that's helpful. And I just want to follow-up a question on cost saves. For Beth, given your experience on the retail side, would you consider more aggressive branch reduction strategy to drive costs down? And any thoughts on even selling off parts of the branch network that might be a drag on overall profitability?
Beth Mooney: Steven, yes, I would -- I'll be glad to elaborate on that. First, in terms of our network, we have looked at the distribution of our markets, and all are contributing and accretive to Key. But clearly, with some of the economics in the retail and consumer segment, we are still very focused on our cost structure from, I think I mentioned in the call, our cost infrastructure under our consumer payments, how we utilize various lower cost channels to make sure that we're adding to our convenience. And on the branch front, while we continue to invest and build branches in some of our priority markets in Seattle, Portland and Denver, we also have, if you look at our branch growth in any given quarter, we're using this as an opportunity to consolidate, close and reposition some of our fleet. So it is not a growth net 40, it is a growth 40. So we are constantly looking at how we can strengthen, become more cost-effective and be well-positioned to compete in our market. But we do have a continuing eye in these economic headwinds, as well as revenue headwinds specifically in that segment for trying to make sure we're optimizing our cost over time.
Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Maybe to follow up. I know that there are some banks selling branch networks out there. The drive to be more efficient in the branch network, do you think you're more likely to add to the network to get to those efficiencies or actually shrink the size of the network?
Beth Mooney: I think we always look at all options to say what is the best mix for Key in this market, given our attributes. So I would tell you that we have a very robust process as we look at our market density.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: My question first is if Beth could elaborate a little bit more on maybe kind of strategic differences that a she [ph] CEO versus the past?
Beth Mooney: Mike, I'll be glad to take that question. One thing I have said at a variety of our investor conferences that I participated in over the most recent months is much of our strategy has been developed over the last 1 to 2 years within the management team here. And part of the reason that I believe the board was comfortable in an internal succession candidate is I was an architect of many of those pieces of our strategy. So I feel fundamentally very solid about our Community Bank focused to local delivery, relationship-based and service-based approach to our markets and feel like we have really validated that business model, and it's got a lot of traction. Under Chris Gorman's leadership, the Corporate Bank has gotten very focused about its targeted vertical, how to make sure that we had the right business mix and leasing commercial real estate. I think you heard him talk about a number of those areas, as well as our distinctive capabilities in our capital markets group. The real, real winner we believe for us and we think we're in early innings will be how we are truly aligning our Corporate and Community Bank, serving a continuum of our customers with capabilities that we think are: a, distinctive for a regional bank; and that b, we don't see other competitors really trying to deliver into the middle market, which we're defining as companies from, say, $25 million in revenues to just around $1 billion. So we have lots of success where we're getting cross-referrals, bringing our whole team to targeted clients. And we see ourselves not just landing lending and treasury management, but really being poised to offer debt in capital market capabilities. We have a number of wins across the bank and feel like that's distinctive. And we feel like we have adequate levers in our branch network to address some of the revenue headwinds that are specifically hitting the consumer segment and retail segments of our businesses. So if we look at our strategy, we like where we are. And our mantra is we need to stay the course, execute this business plan, talk about our results and our strengths and weaknesses with clarity and transparency and prove that this can organically grow our franchise and create value.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: To assist with the transition is Henry Meyer on board as a consultant for maybe a year or so?
Beth Mooney: If you would have seen in the proxy, as well as our announcement at around the April timeframe, Henry will stay on as a year in a consulting basis. He is not an officer of the company. It is largely around what I would call, Henry has a Rolodex that is second to none, and as I stay, very, very focused on executing our business plans to making sure we really gain the momentum and traction that we believe is on the horizon, asked him to stay with me on community, civic and some industry groups where I can leverage his knowledge, expertise in Rolodex, and I can make sure that we are head down on our business plans.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Brent Erensel with Portales Partners.
Brent Erensel - Portales Partners: First of all, given the dynamics of the pretax pre-provision, what you mentioned about the inflection point with the lending, the headwind from Durbin. How do you break out of the current 1.28% ROE that you just reported?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think -- this is Jeff Weeden. Our stated objective is from 1% to 1.25%. Right now, it's been a little bit higher than that or the upper end of the range of that for the last several quarters. That's driven by the fact that we've had overall credit improvement. We've had some benefit associated with that. I think in terms of really getting the pre-provision profitability of the organization going longer-term, we're going to have to see generally an increase in interest rates and then overall growth in the lending activities and other activities of our clients. So as our clients continue to gain more confidence and business activity improves, I think that's where we'll continue to see -- that's when we'll see some of the overall growth. But until that point in time, we're talking about the range on pre-provision profitability of really being between $300 million and $340 million.
Brent Erensel - Portales Partners: Again, and a quick follow-up, have you entertained a buyback in the current environment?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think with respect to buybacks, I think Beth has commented on this before. But whatever we do has to go through the board. Board has to go through their analysis of it. And then in today's environment, it has to go through a regulatory review process. So I think in terms of our comments on that, we spoke specifically about the fact that the next time that we go out -- in for the overall annual review, that the regulators will conduct again of at least the 19 banks, if not more than that. That will be part and parcel to our overall plans for coming time periods. But anything that you do along those particular lines does require the non-objection of your regulators.
Operator: And we'll go next to Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just to -- I wanted to follow-up a little bit, and pardon this question being a little -- being pretty detail-focused. But you mentioned that commitments have been rising on the commercial side. I'm just curious over the course of the past 3 to 4 months, have you seen an improvement, stability or reduction in what I would refer to as commitments to commit? Are more customers coming to you looking for commitments now? Or could you just characterize sort of the trend in your commercial commitments over the last few quarters?
Jeffrey Weeden: I'll comment just briefly on it because I specifically looked at what we are seeing. Beth commented about new and renewed commitments. And her comments there earlier I believe was like $9.3 billion to $9.6 billion. I don't have the exact number here to put my finger on it. But I did look specifically at the overall trend in commitments. And what we saw in the trend in commitments, we saw it in the first quarter. We saw that the -- going in the third month of the quarter was the strongest. And we continue to see strength build in the second quarter for approved new commitments. So if I were to look at each of the months, April, May through June, we saw building of approved commitments that got recorded.
William Koehler: And we've also seen a commensurate increase in the size of our pipelines over time related to that.
Christopher Gorman: Matt, it's Chris. I'm not sure that there's much more activity out there. I think we're winning in the marketplace. We were just doing in analysis, I think at the end of the year, we think we'll -- 8% of our client base will be new. So I don't know if it's that we're being more effective in our targeted calling or that there is a whole lot more opportunity from a whole market perspective out there.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And I guess my follow-up focuses on Slide 10 with the average FTE graph. Obviously, the Keyvolution and some other steps that you've taken have reduced the average FTEs over the past couple of years. I'm just curious from where you sit today at about 15,300, where, what your thoughts are in terms of that number moving higher. Or is this going to stay pretty stable for the next 2 to 3 quarters?
Jeffrey Weeden: This is Jeff Weeden. The overall trend will probably remain fairly stable. We typically have seasonal tracking of just when you have additional vacations. So you end up with having some seasonal temporary help that comes on in the summer months. But we are continuing to add people in select areas where we can drive revenue, so we're making those particular investments. And of course we've been also adding additional branches to our network, which will come with additional staffing. But we still have other initiatives that we're executing on within Keyvolution. And as we continue to execute on those, those will also have some of a dampening impact on the overall change in the FTE counts for the organization.
Operator: And we'll go next to Terry McEvoy with Oppenheimer.
Terence McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Just want to dig deeper into Beth's response to Steve's question about just Key's M&A strategy. It seems like in the past, it's been -- Key would want to have 10% of the branches in each market. We can all do that analysis and see most of that is West of the Mississippi. It sounds like your response today suggested that maybe Key is willing to pursue a transaction where they already have significant market share that maybe there is a benefit of going from 20% to 30% in certain markets, particularly if there's an opportunity to cut costs. I just want to make sure I interpreted Beth's response correctly there.
Beth Mooney: Terry, this is Beth. How about I will clarify that? If you look at the focus of our de novo build, where we, as you said, our Western markets, we are not at that 10% threshold of branch share. That is where we have concentrated our new growth opportunities in terms of de novos. But I think we've always said in the past that our geographic distribution creates opportunities if there was ever consolidation opportunities within our industry because of the diversity of our markets, as well as our market share in many different places. Opportunistically, you would look at whether something enhanced your franchise value or enhanced -- and enhanced your shareholder value. So we have always said when it comes to potential for M&A acquisition that our geographic distribution could create opportunity across the spectrum, but we are concentrating our new builds in the West.
Operator: And we'll go next to Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Regarding the growth that you're hoping or anticipating in the commercial real estate portfolio towards the end of the year, do you guys have any targeted levels that you want to manage the commercial real estate portfolio, too, as a percentage of total loans? And second, as part of that, is there any parts of the -- is there going to be in footprint commercial real estate lending that you're going to see the growth versus the outer footprint that was done during the boom times?
Charles Hyle: Sure, I'm Chuck Hyle. Let me take a stab at that. I think we're not targeting a specific number. We look at the total portfolio all the time. We look for concentrations. We look for correlations. And I think that having brought the construction and residential commercial real estate part of our portfolio down quite dramatically almost to nothing, the composition of our commercial real estate book is really quite different than it was a couple of years ago. And as a result, with all the construction largely out of the portfolio and moving to owners of real estate, REITs and larger players in that particular market, I think the number that we've come down to, and it was referenced earlier, we will probably see some increase in that part of the portfolio. In terms of the other part of your question, we have completely deemphasized construction. It doesn't say that we won't do the occasional transaction from a major player, but we've really deemphasized that. And to the extent that we do, we would play closer to home in terms of footprint. So the composition of our commercial real estate business, as Chris alluded to earlier, has changed quite dramatically.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then second question was on the business plan or the metric you guys managed, too, on Page 4 of the slides. How often when you go to review and update this page, is it once a year in your August meeting possibly? And as part of that, what should we expect for the provision? You said the net charge of these average loans should reach about 40 to 50 basis points. Do you guys think once your reserve gets to a level that you feel is adequate, that the provision should equal net charge-offs?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think -- Gerard, this is Jeff. I think over time you'll see that migration towards the net charge-off level. But I think also you have to look at the overall quality of the portfolio, too, so that will have a change in it. It may match charge-offs or it may be greater than charge-offs in some time periods, too, depending upon the overall direction of the credit and the size of the overall portfolio. But that will probably be a good proxy once we get to whatever normal is.
Charles Hyle: That number, Gerard, would really reflect our core business rather than some of the exit businesses that we're still working our way out of, which obviously have higher charge-off numbers in it.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And just in terms of the review of all the metrics, do you guys do it once a year or every other year? Or how often is the look back?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, we review it on a regular basis, probably for change, though. It's more on the annual process when we go and update our long-term plan. So as we go through that with the board, we start the process even this week and go through it through the next 2 meetings with the board as we get ready to get into 2012 and set the targets basically for '12, '13 and '14.
Operator: That does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. And again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vernon Patterson, Chris Sikora. And their number is (216)689-4221. And that concludes our remarks today. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Henry Meyer - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Council, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of KeyBank National Association and Chief Executive Officer of KeyBank National Association Charles Hyle - Chief Risk Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Executive Council Joseph Vayda - Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Member of Executive Council Beth Mooney - Vice Chairman, President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Council Christopher Gorman - President of Key Corporate Bank and Vice Chairman of Keybank National Association Jeffrey Weeden - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Member of Executive Council
Analysts: Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG Todd Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG David George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch Nancy Bush - NAB Research Kenneth Usdin - Bank of America Securities Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co
Operator: . Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's 2011 First Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry Meyer. Mr. Meyer, please go ahead.
Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for today's presentation is Key's President and Chief Operating Officer and CEO-elect, Beth Mooney; and Jeff Weeden, our CFO. Available for the Q&A portion of the call are the leaders of Key Corporate Bank and Key Community Bank, Chris Gorman and Bill Koehler. Also joining us for the Q&A discussion are our Chief Risk Officer, Chuck Hyle; and our Treasurer, Joe Vayda. Now if you turn to the next slide.  Slide 2 is our forward-looking disclosure statement. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call today.  Slide 3 highlights the specific capital actions that were part of our comprehensive capital plan that was submitted to the Federal Reserve earlier this year. We were informed on March 18 that the Fed had no objections to our plan. This allowed us to move forward in repurchasing the $2.5 billion in preferred shares held by the U.S. Treasury under the TARP Capital Purchase Program. This was completed on March 30. That transaction followed the successful completion of about $625 million common equity offering and a $1 billion senior debt offering. A common equity issuance represented 25% of the TARP Capital, which is one of the lowest capital replacement percentages among the 19 SCAP [Supervisory Capital Assessment Program] institutions. This was accomplished by improving our financial performance, including returning the company to sustained profitability, improving credit quality and continuing to build our strong capital position. That put us in a position to repurchase the TARP shares in a less dilutive manner than would have been the case if we had proceeded earlier.  After repurchase of the TARP preferred shares, the U.S. Treasury continues to hold a warrant to purchase 35.2 million shares of common stock at an initial exercise price of $10.64 per share. Key has notified the U.S. Treasury of its intent to repurchase the outstanding warrant.  Our capital plan also included an increase in our quarterly common stock dividend from $0.01 to $0.03 in the second quarter of 2011, subject to the approval of Key's Board of Directors when they meet in May. Future increases will be evaluated by the Board based on profitability, financial condition and other factors.  Slide 4 shows the significant progress we've made on Keyvolution initiative. To date, we've realized approximately $317 million in annual run rate savings, which puts us in our targeted range of $300 million to $375 million. We have leveraged our technology and implemented dozens of individual efficiency initiatives to lower expenses and to change our cost base to be more variable in relation to business activity. As we have discussed in previous calls, a portion of the savings have been reinvested back in our businesses, including new branches, technology and people. And we don't view Keyvolution as an endpoint. In a slower growth environment, expense management is a critical factor in remaining competitive and producing value for our shareholders.  Now let me turn the call over to Beth Mooney to provide some overview comments on the quarter and her thoughts on the way we position Key for the future. Beth?
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Henry. And starting on Slide 5. This morning, we announced first quarter net income from continuing operations of $184 million or $0.21 per common share. Our first quarter results showed continued improvement in credit quality and disciplined expense control. Key's favorable credit quality trends have benefited from the ongoing modest economic recovery and the aggressive actions that we began over four years ago to exit higher risk lending activity. The result has been continued improvement across the majority of our loan portfolio, in both Key Community Bank and Key Corporate Bank. Key's net charge-offs are now at the lowest level since the first quarter of 2008, and nonperforming assets have declined for six consecutive quarters. We expect to continue to see decreasing levels of net charge-offs and nonperforming assets during 2011.  In terms of our balance sheet, Key remains in a strong position in terms of capital, liquidity and reserve. Our Tier 1 common equity ratio at March 31 was 10.7% and our Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 13.44%. These capital levels position us well for a successful transition to Basel III, and we remain among the highest in our peer group.  Our strength as a company and the foundation that has been laid is a reflection of the leadership that Henry has provided us through some very difficult times. Now, as we look forward, our focus turns to leveraging our strong balance sheet and delivering on our growth strategies and the momentum we have in our businesses. As a management team, we are committed to maintaining our strong position, but our focus is shifting from one of reducing risk to looking for lending opportunities and growing our fee-based revenue streams in areas such as investment banking, capital markets and private banking.  Our KeyBank Capital Markets group bring in $46 million for our clients in the first quarter through the successful execution of 82 capital market transactions. And in our Commercial Banking group, which serves clients with revenues of $10 million to $250 million, we experienced a 4% annualized growth rate in average loans in the quarter. As our clients continue to gain more confidence and begin to finance inventory and equipment purchases, we also saw an 11% year-over-year increase in SBA loan originations, and our national ranking in the small business administration, 7(a) small business financing program, has moved from number 15 in 2009 to number 12 at the end of last year. This means that we have contributed to job creation in our communities and are well positioned to serve our small business clients as the economy improves.  And we have continued to invest in our businesses, which includes facilities, people, technology and product lines. We expect to build 40 new branches in 2011, having opened 8 of those new branches in the first quarter and 77 others in the previous two calendar years. In addition, Key originated approximately $6.9 billion in new or renewed lending commitments to consumers and businesses during the first quarter, which is up from $5.3 billion for the same period last year.  In the Corporate bank, we have hired more than 300 people, including over 100 senior professionals across industry verticals and product groups since January of 2010. With the investments that we've made, along with the benefits of Keyvolution, we are in a strong competitive position in the marketplace, and we can compete with anyone in our targeted industries and clients segment.  We are all excited about our future. Our strong capital, balance sheet and liquidity positions us for a range of opportunities. Strong capital provides us the flexibility to make investments in our relationship businesses, look for opportunities to build market share and target markets and meet our clients' needs for credit and financial services as demand increases with an ever-improving economy.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff for a review of our financial results. Jeff?
Jeffrey Weeden: Thank you, Beth. Slide 6 provides a summary of the company's first quarter 2011 results from continuing operations. As Beth mentioned, for the first quarter, the company earned a net profit of $0.21 per common share. This was after the $49 million or $0.06 charge related to the accelerated accretion of the discount on the TARP-preferred shares repurchased on March 30. Our first quarter results benefited from an improved credit quality and lower expenses. Our provision for loan losses was a credit of $40 million as net charge-offs and criticized assets continued to decline in the current quarter. The first quarter profit compares to a profit of $0.33 per common share for the fourth quarter of 2010 and an $0.11 loss per common share for the first quarter of last year.  On Slide 7 are Key's long-term targets for success we have established against which we will measure our results. You can also see how we have performed against these financial metrics through the first quarter. We remain confident that we are taking the appropriate steps that will continue to move us towards our long-term goals for each of these measures.  Turning to Slide 8. One of our objectives is to be a core-funded institution with a targeted loan-to-deposit ratio of 90% to 100%. As of March 31, 2011, and for each of the quarters shown on this slide, our loan-to-deposit ratio was within this targeted range. Looking at our average total loans, during the first quarter we experienced a $1.5 billion decrease in balances compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. The majority of this decrease occurred in our commercial real estate and exit portfolios. While we have additional work remaining in our exit portfolio, we have currently turned our attention to new lending opportunities. And, as Beth mentioned, we are seeing an improvement in our lending pipeline and stability in our commercial and industrial book and experienced growth in our small-business and middle-market areas within Key Community Banks during this quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2010.  The runoff in the exit portfolio slowed in the current quarter to $340 million, and we expect to see it remain in the $300 million to $400 million range for the next several quarters. Our expectation remains that we will experience growth in our commercial loan book in the second half of this year as the economy improves.  On the deposit side of the balance sheet, we continue to experience an improvement in the mix of our average deposit balances during the first quarter as compared to both the fourth quarter and the first quarter of last year, as higher-costing CDs matured and were repriced to current market rates or moved to other deposit categories or other investment alternatives. As we reported in our Form 10-K for last year, as a result of a Moody's removing the one-notch lift it KeyBank's credit rating in November of 2010 due to the enactment of Dodd-Frank, we moved approximately $1.5 billion of escrow balances on deposit at KeyBank during the first quarter to another financial institution. This had an impact on both average and ending deposit balances for the first quarter of 2011. We funded this movement of the escrow deposits by selling a similar amount of securities available for sale at the time of the trade.  Turning to Slide 9. The company has experienced a substantial reduction in net charge-offs during the past several quarters, with net charge-offs as an annualized percent of average total loans declining from 3.67% in the first quarter of 2010 to 1.59% for the first quarter of 2011. As you can see on this slide, the majority of the improvement has come from the commercial portfolios. We anticipate additional improvement in the total amount of quarterly net charge-offs during 2011.  Turning to Slide 10. We want to highlight here the continued improvement in all of our asset quality statistics over the past five quarters. During this time period, net charge-offs have declined 63%; nonperforming assets are down 55% to 2.23% of total loans, other real estate owned and other nonperforming assets; and our coverage ratio of reserves to nonperforming loans has increased to 155% as of March 31, 2011.  We would also point to Page 23 of today's earnings release when we review the nonperforming asset flows for the quarter. And note that new inflows of nonperforming loans are less than one half of what they were for the first three quarters of 2010 and are down over $200 million from the fourth quarter of last year. We believe this quarter was another confirmation of the continued progress we have made on asset quality and believe we are benefiting from the early aggressive actions we took. We also anticipate lower levels of nonperforming loans and net charge-offs as the economy continues to rebound and for the provision for loan losses to remain lower than the level of net charge-offs for at least the next couple of quarters.  Turning to Slide 11. For the first quarter of 2011, the company's taxable equivalent net interest income was $604 million compared to $635 million for the fourth quarter. The net interest margin contracted six basis points to 3.25% for the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. The overall level of average earning assets declined $2.2 billion during the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter of last year, with average loan balances declining $1.5 billion. Also, as previously noted, during the first quarter, we have moved approximately $1.5 billion of escrow deposits associated with our commercial real estate servicing to another depository and sold investment securities from our available-for-sale portfolio to fund this transfer.  Looking at the second quarter of 2011, we expect to see average earning assets and the net interest margin decline as a result of the movement of the escrow balances and the repurchase of the TARP preferred securities from the U.S. Treasury during March. While net interest income will decline, the company will also avoid approximately $35 million per quarter in preferred dividends and amortization related to the TARP-preferred shares. Until we see a more significant pickup in lending activities, given the current rate environment, we expect that net interest margin for the remainder of 2011 in the range of 3.15% to 3.25%.  Turning to Slide 12. Noninterest income is a large contributor to the overall revenue stream of the company, representing approximately 43% of total revenues for the first quarter of 2011. We are remaining focused on using our balance sheet strategically and targeting specific client opportunities across the company. In the Corporate bank, noninterest income was down from the seasonally high level we experienced in the fourth quarter, but showed good improvement over the first quarter of last year as a result of increased activity in investment banking and capital markets revenue, along with the positive impact of improvement in credit, which resulted in a decrease in customer derivative reserves compared to an increase during the same period one year ago. In the Community bank, compared to the first quarter of last year, we experienced growth in trust and investment management fees, net gains on loan sales, electronic banking fees and a reduction in the provision for losses for client derivatives, which more than offset the decrease in deposit service charge income, resulting from the implementation of Regulation E in the third quarter of last year.  In total, noninterest income for the first quarter of 2011 was $457 million, down from $526 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 and up from $450 million in the same period one year ago. Included in the fourth quarter results was a gain of $28 million from the sale of Tuition Management Systems and net gains on sale of investments of $12 million. The fourth quarter also had very strong investment banking and capital markets revenue as clients took advantage of favorable market conditions for debt and equity transactions.  Turning to Slide 13. As Henry mentioned in his comments, through the first quarter of 2011, we have implemented $317 million of annualized expense savings towards our goal of $300 million to $375 million by the end of 2012. This is a significant improvement from our previously reported progress on Keyvolution. For the first quarter, our noninterest expense was $701 million, down from $744 million for the fourth quarter of 2010 and down from $785 million from the same period one year ago. During the first quarter, personnel expense increased $6 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2010 as a result of seasonally higher employee benefits expense, including employment taxes, along with severance-related costs.  Other noninterest expense, in total, declined $49 million compared to the fourth quarter and decreased $93 million from the same period one year ago. Included in our first quarter cost was a credit for the provision for [indiscernible] commitments of $4 million compared to a credit of $26 million in the fourth quarter and a credit of $2 million in the same period one year ago. Based on the progress we have made on our expense base and our continued focus on controlling our costs, we anticipate expenses remaining in the range of $700 million to $725 million per quarter. This focus will help offset some of the pressure we expect on net interest income, due to the contraction and the balance sheet resulting from the repayment of the TARP preferred share and the movement of the escrow balances in the first quarter.  Slide 14 shows our pre-provision net revenue and return on average assets. Pre-provision net revenue is up from the same period one year ago and down from the strong results reported in the fourth quarter, which included the gains on the sale of Tuition Management System and certain seasonally strong revenue items such as corporate-owned life insurance income, higher levels of capital markets-related income and net gains from the sale of investment securities.  As stated earlier, we expect net interest income to decline in the next quarter as a result of repaying TARP and a smaller balance sheet. We also expect to maintain effective expense controls in the coming quarters and focusing on increasing our lending activities as the economy continues to improve. However, the net effect of the above will still result in a lower level of pretax pre-provision net revenue. An offset to this is the elimination of the preferred dividend and accretion on the TARP shares of approximately $35 million per quarter. Another positive is we expect to see credit costs remain well contained as net charge-offs and non-performing loans continue to trend lower.  As shown on this slide, the return on average assets for the first quarter of 2011 and the fourth quarter of 2010 were above our targeted range of 1% to 1.25%. We continue to believe as provision expense normalizes and we execute on our client insight relationship strategy, our results will be within the targeted range of return on average assets.  And finally, turning to Slide 15, we think it's safe to say our capital ratios are strong. Having raised additional common equity in the first quarter to repurchase the TARP-preferred shares, our tangible common ratio and our estimated Tier 1 common ratio both increased during the first quarter to 9.16% and 10.70%, respectively, at March 31, 2011. Our work now going forward will be to seek opportunities to profitably deploy this capital.  That concludes our remarks. And now we will return the call to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Let's begin with Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin - Bank of America Securities: My question is just on the balance sheet size, and you talked about you're still having the run off expectation and some of the other core portfolio still shrinking. So I'm just wondering, first of all, the $1.5 billion of escrow deposits and securities, was that completed -- could you tell us what part of the quarter that was completed?
Jeffrey Weeden: Ken, that was completed in March of this year.
Kenneth Usdin - Bank of America Securities: Okay. So I'm just trying to understand, then, we should probably see a little bit more effect of that in the second quarter. Can you maybe try to size for us where you kind of expect the average earning assets to move over the next few quarters? And if you have, at this point -- do you have an understanding of when you think you'll actually achieve that bottoming point before the core growth that you're starting to expect can exceed some of that runoff?
Jeffrey Weeden: Yes. Ken, this is Jeff Weeden again. I think in terms of the overall average earning assets, the first quarter around $75.2 billion, on average. And with the repayment of the TARP and the movement of the escrow balances, plus we had sub-debt that matured at the bank level in the first quarter also, our expectation would be that average earning assets for the second quarter would probably decline approximately $3 billion. As we think about it, though, then that's getting fairly close to the bottoming out. There may be a little bit of additional movement but there's not a lot of debt maturities for the balance of the year. And I think the other thing is that we've talked about is we are more of a liability-driven balance sheet at this particular point in time. And so I think that's where we'll kind of bottom out. As far as loan growth, we talked about, basically, the second half of this year. I think in the C&I book, we have seen relative stability in ending balances. So ending balances for the last quarter here are fairly close within the straight C&I book. In terms of when that overall decline of stops on the total book, I think, again, we'd see the exit portfolios are slowing down at this particular point to the $300 million to $400 million range. And I guess I'd ask both Bill and Chris could maybe comment on what they're seeing on the lending side.
Christopher Gorman: Sure. Ken, this is Chris Gorman here. Just to follow up with Jeff's comments. So we too see stabilization overall in the second quarter and then growth in the back half of the year. One of the things, though, that we always focus on is the real estate book, because that clearly has been the biggest driver. Real estate, you'll notice on Page 19 is down about $900 million throughout the quarter. Interestingly here, we're starting to see, frankly, a fair amount of traction. In that portfolio, we still think it will be down in the second quarter. We think it will stabilize in the third quarter and we think it will grow in the fourth quarter. And our confidence in the growth is based on the pipeline. We see the pipeline is up say, 8.5x, believe it or not, from where it was in April of 2010. And not everything the pipeline is going to matriculate. But the fact of the matter is when you have that kind of a pipeline, we feel pretty good about it. As you look at the C&I book, which is basically stabilized, we have about 71 deals in the pipeline in the Syndications business where we had basically the second best quarter that we've ever had. And of those 71 deals, we think that will generate outstandings for KeyCorp throughout the balance of the year, somewhere in the neighborhood of $600 million to $700 million. So Ken, our view of it is exactly as Jeff described. Real estate's a little bit of an outlier in that it grows later as we implement our strategy, but we see stabilization to second quarter growth and the third and fourth.
Jeffrey Weeden: Ken, this is Jeff. In the Community bank, the story is very similar. Commercial loans did grow this quarter and we've seen loan approvals up dramatically this quarter versus past quarter and even to the highest level they had before the downturn in 2008. So some good activity there. Business banking, we saw a little bit of growth this year and that's the first time we've had in a number of quarters. So we feel good about the trends that are developing.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Maybe first, to follow up on that comment to seek this commercial loan growth in the second half. Are you guys seeing any change in borrower confidence to draw on commercial lines at this point? I guess we've heard from quite a few banks, they expect the growth in the second half. I'm just wondering what you're seeing in terms of borrowers really being able to draw down on lines to get that moving up, number one?
Christopher Gorman: Steven, it's Chris Gorman here. We have not seen an expansion in utilization. As you look at the C&I book, it's up a tick from the third quarter of last year and consistent with the fourth quarter. Our growth is really coming from people buying equipment in our leasing business, frankly, some transactional lending that we're doing, but we are not seeing, yet, an increase in the utilization.
Jeffrey Weeden: And I would say, Steven, the Community bank, we've been relatively flat although our utilization has been up slightly more than the Corporate bank's book, but not enough to say it's dramatically different.
Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So where you are seeing the commercial loan growth, do you think that will be enough to offset the run-off to the non-exit portfolio in the second half of the year? We'll see more stable balances there?
Jeffrey Weeden: In the non-exit books?
Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes.
Jeffrey Weeden: Yes, I think in terms of the non-exit books, yes. I think even in terms of how we get later into the year, our expectation is that the exit books have slowed at this particular point in time and that we're expecting to see stability and potential improvement, obviously, growth in the overall loan look by the end of the year.
Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And maybe just one, following up on Henry's comments about cost savings being a process, not an endpoint. Maybe a question for Beth. How do you balance spending on new branches and renovations now, with the need to improve efficiency? Why not wait until the top line starts improving?
Beth Mooney: Steven, that's a good question because we balance that decision every year and are in a wave of expansion in some of our core targeted market, specifically Seattle, Portland and Colorado where we see our branch share growth outpacing with our density increases. So as we look at each year, we validate that we do have enough market share growth and are in attractive demographic markets to support those new branches. We've also changed the mix of where we placed them to be more small-business and middle-market as well as private-banking-centric, and we monitor the profitability of that portfolio in the business cases monthly. And we are continuing to look at that program to deploy new branches only where we feel like we can generate a return consistent with our business case. But we evaluate it constantly and are looking at the mix of branches and doing more relocations this year where we'll take an existing branch that is slightly off the trade area and move it to a more attractive area. So some piece of those 40 branches include relocations to help the overall fleet.
Henry Meyer: This is Henry, Steven. One of the things that I just want to highlight in Beth's comments is that we don't justify, in this environment, branches for retail deposits. Beth said, in Bill's comments about loan growth, but when we're looking at branches today, we're really looking at stores that are going to take in retail deposits but also make small-business and middle-market loans be attractive to private banking and a more, a different clientele there. So it's really a more holistic approach to the Community bank than it is just a retail deposit play.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Just a couple of questions. First, just in terms of the loan loss reserve, and Jeff maybe Chuck, a question to you. But I'm just wondering with the positive outlook for the year in terms of nonperformers and charge-offs, Jeff, as you mentioned, the inflow this quarter was down again substantially, reserve coverage is strong. How do we start thinking about, just in terms of with -- starting to see a little bit more slow down now in some of the legacy portfolio, C&I, commercial real estate, and the expectation now that for more loan growth in the second half, how do we start to think about kind of that return to a more normalized provision level, if you will, after a couple of quarters now of the negative provision?
Charles Hyle: Yes, Todd, this is Chuck. We spend a lot of time thinking about the allowance, doing a lot of quantitative work on the allowance. And clearly, I think, that some of the reduction in it is coming from the reduction in volume. So as volume changes over time, there'll be some impact. But the expectation clearly is that those will be high-quality assets. So I wouldn't want to overplay the impact of a growing loan book. But as you said, the fundamentals, which is clearly what we look and spend a lot of time on, have continued to improve. But a lot of the improvement that we've seen over the last three or four quarters has been our manic [ph] reduction in our real estate book. And as you pointed out, that's beginning to slow because it's a much smaller portfolio than it used to be. And the growth that was referenced in the commercial real estate by Chris, those real estate assets will have quite different characteristics from the ones that were in there in the exit book. They tend to be REIT-related, much larger obligors, higher credit quality, et cetera, et cetera. So this is a quarterly process for us. There's a lot of quantitative and modeling work that goes into it. And I think, really, the only thing I can say at the moment is that the general direction, as we guided previously, has been to lower charge-offs, lower NPLs and lower provision.
Todd Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. Again, it sounds pretty positive at the end of the day. But just switching gears, just another question, just on the expenses. Jeff, again, you guys kind of came in, expenses were a positive surprise in the quarter for sure. You're now kind of at the low end of what you're suggesting in terms of a run rate for the year. What I'm thinking about, could you give us a little bit more thought process in terms of where you are now, balancing out the ongoing efficiency improvements versus additional leverage that you may have in terms of some of the environmental cost as it relates to credit? I noticed that the OREO costs were pretty flattish this quarter. Again, with some of the slowing in the portfolios, how do we think about ongoing efficiency improvements versus potential leverage on in terms of legacy environmental costs tied to credit?
Henry Meyer: Well, I think there is still some additional room on the legacy environmental cost that you're referring to. So we're running at about $10 million a quarter on OREO expense for the last two quarters. And I think if we get to a more of a normalized environment time, that number will probably drop to closer to a $5 million. There's always going to be some degree of costs associated with it. So there's a little bit more that's left there. I think in terms of, overall, our expenses, we saw a nice improvement across a number of different areas in the company. And I think there's just an intense focus on it within the company now, with what we set up in our sourcing area that we have and going through and really managing and working with across the company to control those costs. So we're trying to be very judicial about what we spend but then also looking at making investments. So I think as Beth talked about your previous question was on new branches and where those are located and people, I believe in the comments Beth also made in her prepared remarks, that within the Corporate bank, we've added a number of people in the last year and we'll continue to add people as we see additional business opportunities out there. So we expect to have positive operating leverage from that as business activity improves on the part of our clients.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from David George with Baird.
David George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Henry, you mentioned in your comments, this is, first, with respect to capital, you mentioned the dividend and the Board is going to meet in May. But can you further clarify kind of your plans on capital? Obviously, you're in pretty good shape from a capital perspective and the balance sheet probably isn't going to be growing a whole lot, at least in the near-term, and you've got a pretty big reserve. So if you could maybe clarify your thoughts on deploying capital as you move through the year?
Henry Meyer: David, I'm going to turn that over to Beth because I have two weeks left. So I don't think we're going to do much on capital in two weeks, and Beth will be the CEO so I'm going to let her answer that question.
Beth Mooney: With that, thank you, Henry and David. That's a good question because, obviously, the whole notion of capital management will be a big issue for, not only Key, but the industry going forward. Jeff, in his prepared remarks, mentioned that we do have among peer-leading capital level and that we will be focusing on opportunities to profitably deploy this capital. As you mentioned, part of our capital assessment that we submitted to the Federal Reserve included a request to increase our dividend on our stock to $0.03 a share, which the Board will consider in its next meeting. So obviously, dividend policy as we go forward in the coming years will be something that we will evaluate based on financial performance, earnings levels and so forth. And then we've often talked that we continue to support and invest in our franchise through the downturn, but we are very much focused on what can we do to support the organic growth of our business, as well as support loan demand that we've indicated, we believe, will be returning as we go through the year. And then at the end of the day, another thing that we could look to is how do we opportunistically expand our franchise. We have many markets that we deem to be attractive, where we have opportunities that we could grow market share through some tactical fill-in acquisitions. And we think the geographic diversity of our footprint actually translates into a number of opportunities we could consider over time. So if we stay disciplined about our investments, about our de novos, about our acquisitions, as well as thinking about what appropriate amount gets returned to shareholders, we feel like our level of capital creates an opportunity for us to support organic growth acquisition opportunities and gives us a lot of flexibility as we start thinking about how to strengthen the value of Key in the future.
David George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay, great, that's helpful. And then one question for maybe Jeff or Chris. Commercial loan yields were down about 18 basis points from Q4 to Q1. Can you talk about what the driver of that is? Is it kind of a mix issue? Kind of explain what's going on there if you could?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, this is Jeff. There are a couple of things. One, we do have certain other things that are in the swap book that have benefited, provided benefit, and those swaps have been rolling off. And I think from the competitive side, perhaps Chuck can talk about what he's seeing on the spread in the overall market as for loans coming in.
Charles Hyle: Yes. And David, this is Chuck. I would say that you have to pick your sector and your market. But generally speaking, margins are off where they were in the peak last year. Big run-off during the crisis and they've certainly settled down from there. Our belief is that they are still well above where they were pre-crisis, but my guess is they'd come off somewhere, on average, 25 basis points so thereabouts, maybe a little bit more into the markets.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Crane Siegenhalter (sic) [Craig Siegenthaler] with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: It's Craig Siegenthaler, Credit Suisse. The first question I have is on the liability side of the balance sheet. Maybe, probably, a better one here for Jeff. But it looks like many of Key's deposit segments declined sequentially and deposits overall would have declined except for the large pickup in foreign-based deposits. Can you maybe discuss some of the seasonal factors here and the impact from the escrow and what kind of drove all this?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, the escrow balances, obviously, were $1.5 billion going out in March. So that did have an impact on it. That will be in several different categories. So some of those are DDA balances, some of them are money market account balances. So that does have an impact. I think if we look at personal checking accounts and some of the other things, we did see growth in those overall accounts. So I guess we feel confident about as we look forward, at this particular in time, on overall deposits. But also bear in mind that we continue to have CDs that are coming up for renewal and repricing and if you've got a CD that's coming up and it's a 3% or a 2% or a 5% yield on it and it's repricing at 25 basis points, that's somewhat of a shock for people. So they've been moving some of that money to other deposit categories too or looking for other yield elsewhere in the marketplace. So overall, I said I think we feel relatively good about where we are in deposits. In terms of the foreign branch deposits, you'll see also that short-term investments were up at the end of the quarter. So we have probably about $2.4 billion in total that, that account was higher at the end of the quarter and it was just offset in short-term investments and those went out. In other words, they've left the Fed account after the end of the quarter. And if you look on the average-balance basis, average balances are pretty consistent from quarter-to-quarter on those two categories.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: Got it. And what was the yield that you pay on average for that deposit in foreign office?
Henry Meyer: Joe, do you know what that yield is? This is going to be, if you look here on average, it's 31 basis points.
Joseph Vayda: Yes. But on the particular transaction that we're referring to, it's related to cash management activities on the part of one of our customers that was sitting on a large amount, actually related to one of the capital markets transactions that Chris Gorman referred to earlier. And given the short-term nature, you're talking less than 25 basis points as far as the amount paid on that transaction.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: Got it. And you think with that transaction, that money could leave next quarter? Do you think that's fairly sticky?
Jeffrey Weeden: That particular one? That's already gone. That was a transaction, as Joe was talking about, it was one of the capital markets transaction. So the client raised some capital from the end of the quarter that was in deposit short-term and then it moved out of the bank shortly after the end of the quarter.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay, got it. And what I've been trying to get these questions is do you think we're nearing the end of significant growth in noninterest bearing and low interest-bearing deposit cost? Are we near the end or do you think we have a couple of more quarters here?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, in terms of our cost on our deposits overall, we're still going to see a reduction in terms of the overall level of deposit costs. We have CDs that are higher rate that continue to mature. So whatever they're going into, whether it's into a money market account, a NOW [Negotiable Order of Withdrawal] account, a checking account or even back into a CD, it's at less cost than what it was maturing against. So that will have an impact on the overall cost of deposits.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG: This is actually Rob Placet from Matt's Group. First, just to follow up on your net interest income outlook comments. You mentioned you expect net interest income to decline this quarter and you expect the NIM to be between 3.15% and 3.2% for the rest of the year. That said, can you provide any color on how we should be thinking about the trajectory of the NIM throughout the year?
Jeffrey Weeden: Rob, this is Jeff. What we talked about was the net interest margin between 3.15% and 3.25%. And that the expectation was that average earning assets would decline approximately $3 billion here in the second quarter as a result of a lot of the movement of the bonds repayment of the TARP shares in the first quarter along with the escrow balances. So I think in terms of where we see the margin, we see it coming down in the second quarter and then we see the overall level of earning assets coming down. But as I also said in our previous question, the level of earning assets going forward is going to be driven a lot by the liability side of the equation. So not expecting a lot of movement after this particular quarter. And as we think about the overall margin, what is it going to take to have an improvement in the margin? We need to have overall interest rates come up. We are asset-sensitive. We took risk off of the balance sheet in the first quarter, also. So when the escrow deposits were removed, we also reduced the size of the investment portfolio. So we used that to fund that. So there's less "interest rate risk" associated with that, and we became a little bit more asset sensitive as a result of those activities.
Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, thanks. That's helpful. And then secondly, just to follow up on the topic of capital deployment. Key has about $1.5 billion of trust preferreds outstanding, I believe. So how are you guys thinking about these? Does it make sense to start calling some of these?
Henry Meyer: Well, I think we have $1.8 billion in trust preferreds outstanding, and we did not have anything incorporated into our 2011 capital plan that was acted upon earlier this year, this last quarter. And so any activities that would be related to the trust preferreds would require us to resubmit a capital plan or submit a capital plan. And what our plans are along those lines, obviously, as we continue to get our capital, to have discussions with our Board and we will be thinking about a number of different things over the course of the next several months.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Nancy Bush with NAB Research.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Just a quick question on the subject of mortgage. You guys have largely benefited, I would say over the past few years, for not being a huge player in the mortgage industry. I just wanted to get your thoughts back on that business in the future, whether it is your that thoughts have been impacted by QRM [Quantitative Risk Management] and the various other initiatives that are swirling around the mortgage business right now?
Beth Mooney: Yes, Nancy, that's a good question because we clearly have been the beneficiary, have very little repurchase risk, don't have MSRs on the balance sheet. So in many ways, have weathered some piece of the storm well as a result of that positioning. We have built up a mortgage platform within the Community bank of some 200 mortgage loan originators. And we are originating but we originate to sell. So we have been under a contract where we get a fixed revenue spread for that very important product to our clients and it is done on a white-label basis where our client does not realize that it is not Key. So that has been a very good solution for us. And we actually have seen our mortgage volumes increasing significantly year-over-year. And over the last several years, we're up some 30% or 40% versus the same time last year and view the market uncertainties as an opportunity for us to continue to provide that product. But we chose to make it a fixed spread versus riding the wave of the volume variable production and cost curve of mortgage. I'm not going to say in the future, we wouldn't reconsider whether our mortgage platform of a different nature made sense for our company, but for right now, we're very pleased with the ability to offer the product, attract good sales people because the disruption in the market has created a lot of good people who are seeking a different mortgage platform and being able to robustly offer that product to our clients. And we do have a small book where we will balance sheet for our private clients and our private banking clients.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: ; Do you think there would be an opportunity to keep more on the balance sheet going forward? Since, apparently, what is being originated out there right now is it pretty good quality, is that an asset that you might want to keep?
Beth Mooney: Nancy, we talk about that in our asset liability committee meetings, and we do have a bucket that we are willing to put on the balance sheet for the right client profile. Like I said, heavily into our private bank client group and that is something where we have continued capacity and appetite and review it regularly to make sure we like the credit statistics, the yield and the mix with our assets.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Erika Penala with Bank of America.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: My first question is for Beth as a follow up to David's question. Assuming that, clearly, your first priority for capital deployment is to support organic growth. Could you help us think about how you're prioritizing your other opportunities, and the other opportunities being, clearly, depository acquisitions, non- depository acquisitions, raising the dividend again this year and ramping up a share repurchase program?
Beth Mooney: Yes, Erika. We are in the process of doing our three-year strategic plan as we speak. The opportunity to repurchase the TARP capital and put that behind us and get more clarity on what our capital base index was going to be. And as we've all noted, we are also now in the position of where we are generating capital on a quarterly basis. Supporting dividends would be a priority. And for our 2011 capital plan, we have indicated that our Board will consider that increase. But going forward, we will always consider, on a quarterly basis, what is the appropriate level of dividend relative to our income. And then first priority is the strategic execution of our business plans. We have said that we are not in any way dependent on mergers and acquisitions in order to organically grow our business and support our growth plans. We view that as an opportunity in addition to investing in our businesses and continuing to grow on our balance sheet. And then share repurchase was not part of our 2011 capital plan. Obviously, over the years, you would always look at whether or not you return excess capital to the shareholder or you can effectively deploy it with discipline for shareholder return. But that is not currently on our radar screen of how we're thinking about capital opportunities.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: As you're going through your strategic plan, could you give us a sense on if you do consider depository acquisitions where you would be A, where you you'd be more focused on and B, as you look out through your footprint, whether or not you believe you're in the right markets or perhaps there are markets that you're considering may be exiting or not paying as much attention to?
Beth Mooney: Erika, that's a good question because one of our thoughts is our geographic diversity does provide us lots of opportunities. Because of our relative market share and distribution in many different markets, we view the M&A landscape as high a highly opportunistic for Key. And there's that old saying, "Banks get sold, they don't get bought." So you can't necessarily articulate where some of these depository opportunities would fall. But demographically, when we look West, we felt like there is a good fit with our franchise for some potential acquisitions in the Western markets, and we have been strategically building de novos in anticipation of the ability to continue to ramp up our performance in the West. So look at it that way. And then as it relates to markets where we currently do not do business, we would consider that a low priority. I think it's a slow way to go into a market where you don't have existing presence and name recognition so would not target anything that took us into a new geography in and of itself. But we might get an expansion of our footprint as you look at M&A, but we wouldn't target to just try and go into a market without name recognition that didn't also complement what we already have.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Can you talk about the core fee run rate outlook over the next couple of quarters?
Henry Meyer: Well, I think in terms of looking at the Key revenue side of the equation, we've pretty much come to the bottom, I believe, on the deposit service charge side of the equation. Trust and investment management service fees, as we continue to make investments into our private banking operations as well as overall market activity in that particular area, has a tendency to usually build the course as we go through, through the course of the year. Other related items, I'm not certain in the aggregate. If you look at the total that we have that there's going to be a lot of difference in terms of the overall total picture, but mostly individual line items move during the course of the year based upon business-related activities.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Is it fair to say just working down the list of guidance points you gave then, that average earning assets down $3 billion, NIM $315 million to $325 million. It sounds like fees in the ballpark of the $450 million reported this quarter and then $700 million to $725 million of expenses. So the preprovision kind of $300 million to $340 million as a range of potential near-term outcomes? $300 million to $340 million?
Jeffrey Weeden: That would be a potential range for near-term outcome.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And then just to follow up, there've been a lot of questions on excess capital. But I guess the way I think about it, if you were towards a 9% Tier 1 common, which would still seem to be a pretty high number, the excess capital is going to be roughly 20% of your market cap, basically, now. So I guess recognizing that there's some organic growth opportunities, recognizing that there's some tuck-in deals you can do, with that kind of excess capital base, why wouldn't you be more focused on share repurchases?
Henry Meyer: I think in terms of, Brian, what we have to do, really review this with the Board. We have our plans that we're developing and putting together as Jeff was talking about. Strategic plans are underway. [indiscernible] But as we all know, everything requires us, once you're part of the 19 SCAP banks, you have to go back with your capital plan and resubmit it to the regulators for any changes to it. So I can't represent any differences than what have already been approved. I think share repurchases are something that will be incorporated into the future capital plans that will be presented. Our primary focus on this last capital plan was to repay TARP, we've paid it in as friendly a manner as possible, seek a dividend increase, which we incorporated into it and retire the warrants. And that was a plan that the regulators did not object to and we are implementing that particular plan.
Operator: And we have time for one more question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: One is on the capital that you're going to be deploying into the business. Can I just get a sense as to what kind of hurdle rates you have for the various buckets of your business?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think in terms of hurdle rates, what we look at and thinking in terms of branches, for example, and that's a longer-lived asset that we look at, which currently has approximately about a three-year, breakeven type of on the cash flow basis, so revenue versus expense. In terms of the IRRs that we strive for, it is something in the 15% to 16% range on branch deployment. As we look at some of the other areas, when we're investing in people, obviously, it's different we have, it's much more much more of a positive operating leverage, and we're trying to cover the costs associated with the current infrastructure that we have. And that's going to be based a lot on what we see for business opportunities that are out there. So there's not a lot of other capital "deployment initiatives" that are currently underway. We are looking and still working on technology across the company to make us, again, as efficient as possible in and across all of the businesses and being able to respond to client questions quickly and timely. Yes, Beth?
Beth Mooney: And Betsy, I would just add that when it comes to the deployment of human capital, we have been very opportunistic at adding people in client-facing roles against markets or verticals where we see an opportunity to gain share or garner new and additional clients and have put kind of a hurdle out there that we expect people to produce enough revenue within 12 months to justify their hiring. And then as it relates to technology, that has been a significant enabler to our business strategies to promote client insights, to have better active information on how to predict client needs, as well as resolve problems. So as we look at our portfolio between plant and equipment as it were our branch network as well as people and technology, we have been investing across the board to support our business plans.
Christopher Gorman: And Betsy, it's Chris. Just to add to that, we've been very pleased in the Corporate bank with the amount of talent we've been able to bring in, kind of what our hit rate is and the ability of these new senior-level relationship people to leverage what we think is a unique business model.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So we should expect that the ROA for the organization will be trending up as you execute on all of this?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, Betsy, I think in terms of looking at the amount of capital that we have and going back to our ROA. So as we deploy capital over time, in other words, how we return capital or we look at potential M&A opportunities in the future, all of those things will be taken into account. But our targeted ROA, what we've put out there, is 1% to 1.25%, and you'll have to apply them against the leverage we ultimately end up with.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'll turn the conference back over to Mr. Henry Meyer for any closing remarks.
Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator. This will be my last opportunity to thank all of you for taking time from your schedule to participate in one of our earnings calls. As you know, a lot of changes in the industry and here over my 39 years at Key, and I remain confident that under Beth and her leadership team, the company will perform very well, serving our clients, communities, employees and shareholders going forward. So thank you for your time and interest. If you have any follow-up questions regarding today's earnings material, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vernon Patterson and/or Chris Sikora at (216) 689-4221. That concludes our remarks.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: William Koehler - President of Key Community Bank Henry Meyer - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Council, Chairman of Executive Committee, Member of Management Committee, Chairman of KeyBank National Association and Chief Executive Officer of KeyBank National Association Beth Mooney - Vice Chairman, President, Chief Operating Officer, Member of Executive Council and Member of Management Committee Jeffrey Weeden - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Member of Executive Council and Member of Management Committee Christopher Gorman - President of Key Corporate Bank and Vice Chairman of Keybank National Association Charles Hyle - Chief Risk Officer, Executive Vice President, Member of Executive Council and Member of Management Committee
Analysts: Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG David Konrad - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Jeff Davis - Guggenheim Securities, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the KeyCorp's 2010 Fourth Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry Meyer. Mr. Meyer, please go ahead, sir.
Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for today's presentation is Jeff Weeden, our CFO. Available for the Q&A portion of the call are Key's President and Chief Operating Officer, Beth Mooney; and the leader of Key Corporate Bank, Chris Gorman; and Key Community Bank, Bill Koehler. Also joining us for the Q&A discussion are our Chief Risk Officer, Chuck Hyle; and our Treasurer, Joe Vayda. Now if you turn to Slide 2. Slide 2 is our forward-looking disclosure statement. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the Q&A segment of our call today. Now if you turn to Slide 3. This morning, we announced fourth quarter net income from continuing operations of $292 million or $0.33 per common share. For the full year 2010, Key's net income from continuing operations was $413 million or $0.47 per common share. Our fourth quarter performance represents a strong finish to the year. Especially noteworthy was the continued improvement in credit quality and the progress we've made in growing our pre-provision net revenue.  Credit quality continued to improve across a majority of loan portfolios in both Key Community Bank and Key Corporate Bank. In the fourth quarter of 2010, nonperforming assets were down $463 million and net charge-offs declined to $256 million. Key's net charge-offs declined each quarter in 2010 and are at their lowest level since the first quarter of 2008. Nonperforming assets declined for the fifth consecutive quarter and now stand at their lowest level since the third quarter of 2008. In addition to the continuing improvement in credit quality, pre-provision net revenue increased in the fourth quarter, in both the Community Bank and Corporate Bank. Both major business groups have benefited from the strategic actions taken to focus on profitable client segments, reduce risk and rationalize our expense structure.  Investing in our businesses has also remained an important part of our strategy. Over the past two years, we have opened 77 new branches and renovated approximately 145 others. Key has also continued to receive recognition from a number of third parties for its services and customer satisfaction. The most recent was from Greenwich Associates, which recognized Key for excellence in both small business and middle market banking.  Our improvement in Key Corporate Bank was largely driven by improving credit trends and by sharpening our focus on targeted industry segments, particularly in our noncapital-intensive businesses. During 2010, Key helped clients raise more than $100 billion through the successful execution of nearly 300 capital market transactions. This was achieved through increased levels of activity and elevated role serving clients in these financings and resulted in record fee income for KeyBanc Capital Markets in our equity and debt capital markets and Loan Syndications area.  Key ended the year in a strong position in terms of capital, liquidity and reserves. Our Tier 1 common equity ratio at December 31 was 9.31% and our Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 15.1%. We're confident that these numbers position us well for the transition to Basel III.  Our loan loss allowance at the end of the fourth quarter was approximately $1.6 billion, which represented 3.2% of total loans and 150% coverage of non-performing loans. We expect that both of these ratios should maintain our position near the top of our peer group.  As I commented in this morning's earnings release, we're aware that certain of our peer banks have recently repaid TARP. The Comprehensive Capital Assessment Plan we submitted on January 7, 2011, included our proposal for repaying the TARP preferred stock in a manner that we believe makes sense for Key and our shareholders. The repayment of TARP is a top priority for Key, but our patience has been appropriate because it has allowed us to demonstrate improved financial performance and an increased stock price. Moreover, given the strength of our capital and our improved risk profile and profitability, it is our goal to repay TARP in a less dilutive manner than would have been achievable if we had repaid prior to undergoing the Federal Reserve's Comprehensive Capital Assessment.  The final item on our strategic update slide focuses on the management changes that we've announced in the fourth quarter. As most of you know, Beth Mooney was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of KeyCorp and a member of our board of directors and will assume the role of Chairman and CEO when I retire on May 1 of this year. We also announced the elections of Bill Koehler to President of Key Community Bank, and Chris Gorman to President of Key Corporate Bank. I'm extremely confident in our new leadership team and their ability to execute on our strategic plan that will drive Key's future growth and success. With three consecutive profitable quarters and continued signs of increased economic activity on the part of our clients, I'm increasingly confident that Key has turned the corner and is positioned well for 2011 and beyond. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff for a review of our financial results. Jeff?
Jeffrey Weeden: Thank you, Henry. Slide 4 provides a summary of the company's fourth quarter 2010 results from continuing operations. Unless otherwise noted, our comments today will be with regard to the company's continuing operations. As Henry mentioned in his comments, for the fourth quarter, the company earned a net profit of $0.33 per common share. This was a result of the higher pre-provision net revenue and a credit to the provision for loan losses, as both net charge-offs and non-performing loans continued their trend of improvement into the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter profit compares to a profit of $0.19 per common share for the third quarter of 2010 and a $0.30 loss per common share for the fourth quarter of last year. Also as noted on this slide, the company's book value per share was $9.52 at December 31, 2010, compared to $9.54 at September 30 and $9.04 at December 31, 2009.  On Slide 5 are Key's long-term targets for success we introduced in the first quarter of 2010. On the next several slides, I will comment on our progress towards achieving these targets. Turning to Slide 6. One of our objectives is to be a core funded institution with a targeted loan-to-deposit ratio of 90% to 100%. As of December 31, 2010, our loan-to-deposit ratio was within this targeted range at 90%.  During the fourth quarter, the company experienced a $1.8 billion decrease in average total loan balances compared to the third quarter of 2010. Of this decline, $500 million was from our identified exit portfolios and $900 million was from our commercial real estate, as we continued to reduce risk in the company. From a period end balance perspective, we did see stability in our core commercial and industrial loans, as well as our leasing portfolio as clients gained more confidence in the strength of the economic recovery. We would also note that a number of our larger clients have used the strength of the capital markets to raise both debt and equity during 2010 and have paid down their bank debt as a result. We have benefited in the form of higher capital markets and investment banking income and loan syndication fees from these capital market activities in our corporate bank, as a result of our capabilities in assisting these clients in their capital needs.  On the deposit side of the balance sheet, we continued to experience an improvement in the mix of our average deposit balances during the fourth quarter as compared to both the third quarter and the same period one year ago, as higher costing CDs matured and were repriced at current market rates or moved to other deposit categories or other investment alternatives.  During the fourth quarter, we experienced a $2.2 billion increase in the combined average balances of NOW, money market deposit accounts and the bond deposit accounts compared to the third quarter of 2010. And these balances are up $4.3 billion from the same period one year ago.  As we have been experiencing for more than a year now, our higher-priced CD book continues to mature, and depositors are choosing to move their money into other investment alternatives, including NOW and money market savings accounts. Average balances of CDs declined $2.3 billion in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter average balances. And over the past year, average balances of CDs are down $10.4 billion. During the past year, the yield on the CD book has also declined from 3.44% in the fourth quarter of 2009 to 2.69% in the fourth quarter of 2010, benefiting the net interest margin. The decline in the CD book continued to moderate as scheduled maturities are smaller going forward.  Turning to Slide 7. Our significant earnings improvement during the past year has certainly been driven by our improving credit quality. During the fourth quarter, we recorded a net credit to our provision for loan losses and also incurred lower cost associated with handling problem credits. As Henry mentioned in his comments, net charge-offs were down again this quarter to $256 million or 2% of average loans. Nonperforming loans were also down again this quarter to $1,068,000,000 or 2.13% of total loans at December 31, 2010, and are less than ½ of what they were one year ago.  We continued to reduce nonaccrual loans during the fourth quarter. And as identified on Page 26 of our earnings release today, new inflows of nonaccrual loans declined to their lowest level since the third quarter of 2008. Nonperforming assets also were down this quarter, with both nonperforming loans held for sale and other real estate owned declining. While not shown on this slide, nonperforming assets declined by $463 million or by more than 25% from September 30, 2010, to $1.3 billion or 2.66% of period-end loans, nonperforming loans held for sale and other real estate owned.  We continue to believe we have marked our nonperforming loans held for sale and our other real estate to realizable values. During the fourth quarter, we recorded net gains of $2 million from the sale of nonperforming loans held for sale and the sale of other real estate owned and recorded additional markdowns of $9 million on our remaining other real estate owned balances based on updated valuations.  As a result of the continued improvement we've experienced in credit quality during the fourth quarter, the reserve for loan losses declined to $1.6 billion or 3.20% of total loans, and our coverage ratios of reserves to nonperforming loans increased to 150% at December 31, 2010.  We would also note that the carrying amount of our nonperforming loans, nonperforming loans held for sale and other real estate owned at December 31, 2010, is approximately 62% of their original face values.  Given our outlook for the economic recovery to continue, we currently expect further improvement in the level of our net charge-offs and nonperforming loans during 2011. And as a result, we expect our provision for loan losses will remain less than the amount of net charge-offs for the coming year. Turning to Slide 8. For the fourth quarter of 2010, the company's taxable equivalent net interest income was $635 million compared to $647 million for the third quarter. The net interest margin contracted 4 basis points to 3.31% for the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter of 2010.  For the fourth quarter, earning asset yields declined 17 basis points from the prior quarter to 4.22%, while the yield on interest-bearing liabilities declined 15 basis points from the prior quarter to 1.31%. The overall level of our return in assets was relatively stable during the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter of 2010. However, the change in the mix of assets continued, with loans declining and securities available for sale and short-term investments increasing during the fourth quarter.  We have included on this slide information on scheduled CD maturities and their associated cost at December 31, 2010. Based on current rates we are offering on CDs, we believe we have additional opportunities to improve our cost of funding in 2011, given our current outlook for rates. However, until we see a more significant pickup in lending activities, given our current rate environment, we expect the net interest margin in 2011 to be in the range of 3.20% to 3.30%. Turning to Slide 9. Our other revenue objective is focused on growing noninterest income and maintaining it above 40% of total revenues. For the fourth quarter of 2010, total noninterest income was $526 million and represented approximately 45% of Key's total revenues. Included in the fourth quarter results was a gain of $28 million from the sale of Tuition Management Systems and net gains on the sale of investments of $12 million, which more than offset the $6 million of loss we recorded on principal investing activities.  The fourth quarter also reflects the full impact of Regulation E on the company. Compared to the third quarter of 2010, deposit service charges were down an additional $5 million and are down $12 million from the same period one year ago. During the fourth quarter of 2010, we experienced an increase in investment banking and capital markets revenues, primarily related to a reduction in reserves that are for customer derivative activities. As shown on Page 21 of today's earnings release, investment banking and capital markets revenues were up $21 million from the third quarter of 2010 and were up $110 million from the same period one year ago when we recorded losses and reserves on certain real estate investments. Turning to Slide 10. Through the fourth quarter of 2010, we had implemented $228 million of annualized expense savings towards our goal of $300 million to $375 million by the end of next year. For the fourth quarter, our total noninterest expense was $744 million, up from $736 million for the third quarter of 2010. During the fourth quarter, we experienced a $6 million increase in personnel expense due to higher incentive accruals, a $15 million increase in business services and professional fees, resulting from increased variable activity costs and professional fees associated with resolving nonperforming credits, a $6 million increase in other real estate owned expense and an $8 million provision for losses on low income housing tax credit guaranteed funds. These costs were largely offset by a decrease in operating lease expense and an increase in the credit for losses on lending-related commitments due to improving credit quality. Overall, we are positive about the progress we have made on expenses and remain committed to achieving our total goal of $300 million to $375 million of annualized expense savings by the end of 2012. Slide 11 shows our pre-provision net revenue and return on average assets. Pre-provision net revenue increased during the fourth quarter as a result of the gain we realized on the sale of Tuition Management Systems during the quarter. However, even without this $28 million gain, pre-provision net revenue is up significantly over the past year, as we have continued to execute on our client insight-driven relationship strategy and achieved our Keyvolution cost savings initiatives. Further, coupled with improved credit costs, our return on average assets increased to 1.53% for the fourth quarter of 2010. When provision expense normalizes, we expect our return on average assets to be in the range of 1% to 1.25%.  And finally, turning to Slide 12. All of our capital ratios continued to improve during the fourth quarter compared to the prior quarter. At December 31, 2010, our tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio was 8.19%, our Tier 1 common ratio was 9.31%, and our Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 15.10%.  Our regulatory capital ratios showed significant improvement during the quarter, not only from better earnings, but also as a result of lower risk-weighted assets, lower disallowed deferred tax assets and the elimination of intangible assets associated with our previous investment in Tuition Management Systems.  As Henry said in his remarks, we submitted our capital plan to the government on January 7. We believe it is a good plan, which demonstrates the strength of the company's capital base, our improved earnings and credit quality. We look forward to the regulatory review of the plan and the eventual repayment of the TARP preferred capital at the appropriate time. Given that the plan is part of a confidential regulatory examination process, we will not be able to comment any further on specifics of the plan at this particular point in time. That concludes our remarks. And now I will return the call to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Let's begin with Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: If you could just dig into the securities book and some of the interest rate risk that, that brings? And I can appreciate that loans are coming down, deposit growth is good. So you've got this dilemma of what to do with all the excess cash. But just at what point do you start limiting the securities book or maybe adding more floaters or think about the health of maturity, just talk about just the interest rate risk and the securities book overall and how you think about it going forward.
Jeffrey Weeden: Matt, this is Jeff Weeden. We do include in our deck today on Page 16 kind of an overview of the investment portfolio. And we've used the investment portfolio really to absorb the excess liquidity that we've had within the company from both loans paying down and the flow of deposits. And I think as we continue to model and go forward with the outlook that rates will eventually go up, we've kept the duration of the overall portfolio relatively short. So the duration, even with the backup in rates at the end of the year, is approximately three years at this particular point in time. I don't expect that we will see a lot of growth in the investment portfolio in 2011. We have some debt maturities that will come up that we'll also use to take down some of the liquidity in the company, and we're optimistic that we will see loan growth coming in the company. And with the cash flows that come off of the investment portfolio, we won't reinvest that cash flow and use that to fund future loan growth.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: And I guess to follow up on some of the signs or hope that loan growth will improve from here. The average C&I was down, as you mentioned in your remarks, [indiscernible] was flattish, which I think is a big positive. What's going on there? We can see it from the industry trends, but maybe a little more granularity for you, and then what your outlook is for the C&I bucket.
Christopher Gorman: Yes, Matt, this is Chris Gorman. Within the Corporate Bank, what we're seeing is basically, as you point out, period-to-period pretty flat. But underneath that, the focus in the investment that we put into the businesses is paying off. For example, in Keybanc Capital Market for loan, we brought on 90 new issuer clients that generated around $60 million in fees. So that doesn't show up in the loan book, but these are new clients that will be borrowing. And in addition to that, we're seeing a good pipeline. So we feel pretty good about where the prospects are for the loan book going forward. Now where we're not seeing a pickup yet is on utilization. And that's because we've raised so much capital for our clients. Our clients are frankly making very, very good profits right now. But the flip side of that is we saw a 10% increase in our deposits and the mix of our deposits have changed where that used to be kind of low 20s non-interest-bearing, now it's mid 40s. So while we are gaining these clients and while we're positioning ourselves for loan demand, I think we're in pretty good stead.
William Koehler: Matt, this is Bill Koehler here. In the Community Bank, we saw in the fourth quarter some pockets of strength. Eight out of our 21 districts showed a growth in their commercial segment in loan volume. The pipelines are strengthening, as we look into the first quarter, in both consumer and in certain of our regions within our commercial book. So we see opportunities going forward that would suggest we have an opportunity to use our capital into the year.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: And just as an aggregate, Henry or Jeff, I don't know if you have any thoughts on what loans in total might be next year. You saw some run-off obviously, but it sounds like it's more than just pockets of strength. It sounds like it might be a little bit more broad-based, some of the growth. How should we think about loans progressing throughout the year in aggregate?
Jeffrey Weeden: In aggregate, Matt, we would not expect to see growth beyond until the second half of 2011. We have still the run-off portfolios that we're working our way through here in the first half. We've made a lot of progress last year. We're continuing to make progress. And as the economy continues to strengthen here, we expect that the other organic growth initiatives will overcome a lot of that activity along with the fact that charge-offs are continuing to come down. So charge-offs in the past have also put pressure on the overall size of the portfolio, the growth of the portfolio. And so the charge-offs continuing to come down will also be another item that will be moving away from putting pressure on the book.
Operator: We will go to Brian Foran from Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: I guess on the NIM guidance 3.20% to 3.30% versus the target of greater than 350. Is it loan growth that really is needed to get from the ’11 number to the target, or is it loan growth plus higher interest rates?
Jeffrey Weeden: Brian, this is Jeff Weeden. As we look out, one of the things that we are going to need is going to have to have a little bit of increase in overall interest rates. A lot of our book is variable rate price, and we've been bringing down the cost of our funding throughout 2009 into 2010. And so we still have some room on that particular front, but there haven't been a lot of what I call good investment opportunities. So the investment portfolio has remained relatively short, and lending has been declining here. So we need to see an uptick in loans and also stability increasing overall interest rates would be a tremendous help because deposit pricing on transaction accounts obviously are rock bottom at this particular point in time. And when rates do come up, we will start to get some leverage that comes off of that by repricing our overall book. We're about 3% asset sensitive at the end of the year from an AL perspective to a 200 basis point movement.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And so if we put all your comments together, is it reasonable to expect, I think you said loans shrink a little in the first half and grow a little in the second half, securities book kind of flattens out from here and you run off some funding and then NIM guidance is lower than the long-term targets. So is it reasonable to expect the kind of NII trajectory is down for a couple of quarters and then in the back half of '11, start to get some loan growth and then whenever interest rates go up, you get an extra bump from that, so kind of down for a while and then up for a while in terms of a trajectory of NII?
Jeffrey Weeden: Brian, that's how the math would work, based on our guidance that we provided.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: The 32 bps weighted average cost of new CDs in 4Q. Should we interpret that as people are getting into short duration, three-month type CDs, or is that more the rate you're offering is -- you're intentionally putting the rate low so that someone wants a 1% CD, they don't come to you?
Jeffrey Weeden: It's a blend. So you have to look at it, the majority of people are basically in the one-year or less type of a category, but it's a blend on out through a year.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Operating lease expense at $28 million this quarter, $40 million last quarter, is $28 million a good run rate going forward or is there anything unusual there?
Jeffrey Weeden: $28 million is a better run rate than the $40 million. The $40 million had some additional write-offs associated with residual values and some of the operating leases as they came to a conclusion. And we updated appraisals based upon where we view the values.
Operator: We will go next to Steven Alexopoulos, JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Henry, I won't ask you to comment on the specifics of the TARP proposal because you said you weren't going to comment on that. But I was hoping once you see the results of the cap exam, are you willing to further wait it out if the exit cost is not as shareholder-friendly as you hoped? Or are you now committed to exiting TARP and just optimistic the dilution is going to be more acceptable?
Henry Meyer: It's hard for me to answer any of that without giving you more than we know. It's all hypothetical. We look at the capital ratios. As I said in my opening comments, our Tier 1 is 9.31%. We look at where others are and think that there's going to be an opportunity to be more shareholder-friendly, less dilutive, but we've really got to wait and see. What I have experienced and what other banks have reported is that there's a process of discussion with our regulators. And I think as most of you know, January 7 was the submission date for those 19 institutions that were part of the SCAP. And the process right now is silent. They're going through the analysis. It's a horizontal analysis and then we'll get into a discussion with the regulators. But there are a lot of factors and we’re going to try and do the right thing. And we'll just have to see how that comes out.
Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Is repaying TARP a personal goal of yours before you turn over the CEO role to Beth?
Henry Meyer: No. There's no I in this team. My guess is that it will be right around that date, but the date wasn't set after I thought we'd get out and there's no pressure on me to have it paid off. We're going to do the right thing for our shareholders. And in good graces, we've made a lot of progress in this company, and we want to do the right thing with the regulators too.
Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co: It looks like a lot of the credit improvement and the charge-offs is in the C&I bucket. Do you see that $18 million run rate is a good run rate for net charge-offs for C&I, or is this a one-quarter anomaly?
Charles Hyle: Steve, this is Chuck Hyle. I would say that some of the historical charge-offs in the C&I sector were what I would call real estate-correlated. And I think as those numbers have come down, we're getting closer to a normal run rate in the C&I side. So I think that's really the way to frame it.
Operator: We will go to Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Jeff, I was wondering if you could just [indiscernible] a little bit on pretax pre-provision. You mentioned on Page 11, you show that's 417 this quarter. And for Brian's earlier question, it seems like we start with a negative delta fourth to first in terms of NII. But there's so many different ins and outs on fees and expenses. I guess can you just try to give us a little direction on overall pretax pre-provision from here, in terms of what the right starting point is for next year?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well without giving specific guidance on each and every item, Ken, I guess what I would say is, if you take $28 million out of the number, you're down into the 390 level for the fourth quarter. And of course, we have pluses and minuses in the other items whether it's the provision for unfunded commitments that was a larger credit this time or we had the additional reserves that we ended up taking on some of the Lytec [ph] guaranteed funds, so a lot of pluses and minuses in that particular level. But it's probably going to be somewhat less than that 390 level, so if you were to think of giving a broad range, it's at $360 million to $385 million, $390 million, something along those particular levels.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then secondly, to your comments about your credit looks great, and obviously you continue to release an incremental amount every quarter. So to your point about you’re continuing to expect that provisions run lower than charge-offs this year, I guess two questions. Do you expect that this magnitude of release continues at the same rate? And then is it also possible that we continue to see negative provisions on a quarterly basis?
Henry Meyer: Ken, I was asked the question I think at the end of the third quarter call, whether we would see a negative provision. And at that point in time, I did not envision that. But we had significant improvement in the overall level of nonperforming loans in the fourth quarter, and you can see the ending balances on nonperformers are coming down quite nicely. And I think as also related to that, net charge-offs coming down. With coverage ratios improving, it's difficult to say where we will be at any given point in time because it's all facts and circumstances. We're calling the direction, not the absolute level of any of these particular items at this point.
Operator: We will go next to Mike Mayo from CLSA.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited: Just a follow-up on the negative provision, that kind of got me by surprise. I mean no other large banks had a negative provision. And I apologize in advance if I'm being too cynical, but does the effect of the negative provision and the higher earnings perhaps help your TARP status, perhaps helps the stress test, perhaps helps your compensation? Just a little bit more color on why you chose to have a negative provision? Because optically, it looks like you're being a lot more aggressive than some of your peers.
Henry Meyer: Mike, this is Henry. I would have thought you were familiar with the TARP rules. And obviously because our TARP funds are still outstanding, there is no accrual or performance allowed in TARP compensation. So the answer to that is a categoric No, by the rules. And we wrestle with the right number every quarter based on what happens with our credit quality. And with the scrutiny that we have, the implication that we may be shaving this is a little bit offensive. Because the truth is the charge-offs, the non-accruals came down dramatically. And as has been written, there's this battle between the regulators who have never seen a dollar reserve they didn't like and independent auditors who feel that there is a proper amount. So every quarter, we true-up our reserves to be at the appropriate amount. And that's what we've done this quarter and every other quarter.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited: So I guess what was the big surprise in your mind in the NPA area that was so much better than what you had expected at the end of the third quarter?
Charles Hyle: Mike, this is Chuck Hyle. I think that we've made very, very significant progress in our commercial real estate book. We've said for a long time that the really difficult part of that portfolio has been residential, commercial real estate. We took action very early, well over two and a half years ago to manage that portfolio down. We took our lumps early. It was a sector that we felt was going to get worse, and it wasn't going to recover for a very long time. And I think that has been a pretty good prediction. And so we've worked that number down quite dramatically. So that has really helped us I think in more recent quarters. And I think the remainder of our commercial real estate book, which is more standard in terms of multifamily, office, et cetera, et cetera has performed relatively well. And that's all cash flow-based. And as that portfolio has been completed and stabilized, I think that has helped our numbers pretty well as well. If you look at some of our other leading indicators, we've got a slide in, I think it's number 23, in terms of the direction of our criticized assets, they’ve come down quite dramatically over the last three quarters in 13%, 15%, 16% sort of number each quarter and classified to follow the similar trend line. So if you look at all of our credit statistics, they have moved very much in the right direction and to some degree in the fourth quarter accelerated, particularly in December. I think the only slight blip in those numbers is the 90-plus delinquency numbers, which was really a bit of an aberration. We had a couple of transactions, syndicated deals that with the holidays couldn't quite get over the finish line, in terms of renegotiation, so they pitched up on the 90-plus scale, but they're accruing loans and they have cleared in terms of renegotiation in the first couple of weeks of the quarter. So that blip has gone away as well. So all the directional stuff, as Jeff indicated and Henry indicated, is moving very well in the right direction.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited: On the syndicated deal side, the deal value of your syndicated loans, third to fourth quarter went down by 15%, according to Dealogic, whereas for the industry it went up a whole lot. Is this a deliberate effort not to grow syndicated loans? Did you pull back there? Are you seeing credit quality not as good as you want or what's going on?
Christopher Gorman: Mike, it's Chris Gorman here. Actually what you're looking at is we had an exceptional third quarter and that we had two very, very significant deals that we underwrote and syndicated. By the way, for the year ended up having a record year in syndicated finance, we still think for the areas that we're focused in, there are plenty of quality deals to do. We're seeing a lot of them. And I think the pipeline remains pretty strong.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited: And when you do -- last quarter, whatever, was it $5 billion or so. How much do you keep on your book, and how much do you parcel out on average? Is it 1%, 5%, 10%?
Christopher Gorman: Mike, it depends on the deal. The two significant transactions that I referenced in the third quarter, we underwrote amounts in the neighborhood of say $300-ish million and ended up holding somewhere between $25 million and $50 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gerard Cassidy from RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: In regards to the loan loss reserves, I know the regulators look at the reserves relative to classified assets, and we the outside investors tend to look at loan reserves to NPAs or loans. Can you guys give us a suggestion on where you think the loan loss reserves to total loans will normalize out after we get through this final mess that the banks got into with this downturn?
Jeffrey Weeden: Gerard, this is Jeff Weeden. The process that we go through, of course, is really a lot of it is going to be driven by our public disclosures that we have to make and the documentation that we have to generate. So it's very difficult for us to say what percentage that's going to be. I guess if asked differently, do you think that it could drop to where they were before? I think they will drop. It's a question of will they get down to the 1¼%, 1½%, and how quickly will they get to that particular level? If we enter into a time where we have economic expansion, and we have good quality of credit and we have positive credit migration up, in terms of the grades, it will lead to lower levels of reserves because your probability of default and your loss-given default will end up getting impacted by that. So it's a pretty elaborate process. I think that reserve levels are on their way down. But I cannot give you the exact level at which they will decline to.
Charles Hyle: This is Chuck. I would just add, emphasize a point that Jeff made. That this is a mathematical process in many ways. We grade our rate exposure, credit migration which is clearly improving. It clearly has an impact but it becomes, I wouldn't call it a mechanical issue completely, but it is largely driven by the numbers. And it can be fairly formulaic. And that's why there’s nothing else we can say about the process.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I think Henry touched on it in an answer a moment ago. We all remember prior to this downturn that the accountants, the SEC were pressuring the banks to lower the reserves because the charge-offs didn't justify the reserve levels. And it seemed like the bank regulators were somewhat silent at the time. Do you guys, when we get beyond this and we get into that discussion again, do you think the regulators may carry more weight and insist on to Jeff’s point that we don't bring reserves down to 1.25% or 1.50%. Maybe they stabilize at 1.75% to loans. Do you guys have any thoughts on where that discussion may go between the regulators and the SEC?
Henry Meyer: Yes, this is Henry. One of the things that, and Chuck mentioned it, but we have and the industry has become much more analytical. You'll remember or you might remember the idiosyncratic part of the reserve. All of that was sort of the fudge factor. What we're doing now is really looking and developing a history of a much more arithmetic approach to the reserve. So that as credit quality starts to get worse, that math, in terms of everyone's reserve, will push for a higher number. That's what's happening in reverse right now. Again, as Chuck indicated is that the math, the algorithm is saying that the reserve levels are adequate or more than adequate, which is why we might have been the only one to take away, but a lot of companies' provision was less than their charge-offs, again showing that trend. But it's much more analytical this time around than it was before. We were all doing the best job that we could, but we didn't have all the math that we now have.
Henry Meyer: Gerard, one last comment. I think to give everybody some comfort, I think capital levels will be much higher in the future. I think we've already seen that. So capital levels today are significantly above what they were three years ago. And I think as we go through this, I think the way the rules are being drafted under Basel III, there will be additional countercyclical type buffers that are built into it. So that may be a different way to look at this, with the loan loss reserves, as well as our Tier 1 common, I think a number of the ratios that people will look at will be nonperforming assets to Tier 1 common, plus your loan loss reserves and see how that percentage also plays out.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Jeff, you talked about the loans coming down in the fourth quarter. I think you mentioned that some of the run-off portfolio declined by about $500 million and commercial real estate fell by $900 million. Were those customers refinanced out by the capital markets or other banks? How did you get rid of them?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well the exit portfolios are simply a lot of just paying down and continuing to run down. So there's a significant portion of that portfolio is going to be on the Consumer segment at this particular point in time. The other parts of it that are in the Commercial segment, I think there are about $60 million of the exit portfolio that declined was in the Commercial side of the equation. A lot of those were refinanced that was in the Marine and RV floorplan loans. So those were refinanced elsewhere.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Finally, I noticed that the asset management revenue was slightly down, and your assets under management were down sequentially and year-over-year. And that contrasts to Bank of New York or Northern Trust who have had up numbers. Can you guys give us some color on what's going on in the Asset Management business? What's the outlook for it?
Christopher Gorman: Sure. This is Chris Gorman speaking. A couple of things going on. One, we got out of one of the products we were in, our product, which is basically a fixed income product. So that impacted the revenues from an assets under management, we finished the year at about $41 billion. And again our main focus, as you know, is mid-cap value for our victory funds. And we continue to focus and build out that strategy.
Beth Mooney: This is Beth. I would just add. In Core Trust and Key private bank clients, you see linked quarter increases, and we ended the year with our strongest year ever in new business volumes and in this investment management and trust. And so you're starting to see not only the effect of an improving market but a growing client base with more assets under management in the Community Bank.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go next to Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Question on the reserve. I know we've spent a lot of time talking about this already. And I think the challenge that we have is that we'd like to have an insight into how you're thinking about it so that we can forecast more effectively. [Indiscernible] And since you've got a lot of excess reserves in a normalized credit environment, so what's the piece and trajectory of that coming down overtime? Is it more a function of NPL shrinkage? Delinquency shrinkage? Is it more a function of what the historical trends have been, or is it the margin changing to your outlook? I know in the release you cited reserves to NPLs of -- was an important measure. If you could just kind of think about your interim in the context of we have to forecast this going forward, and how would you guide us to doing that?
Jeffrey Weeden: Betsy, this is Jeff Weeden. As we think about the reserve, and we have the migration of credit, and we're talking about those credits that would be either nonperforming or in that criticized level. Those particular credits obviously have a higher probability of default, and then we look at the individual loss given default. So as we see that migrate on up, so we see those decreasing levels of criticized assets, that means there's just less that is reservable on those specific credits. And then we really have to look at each of the individual areas and have a view on it also as to where we see those particular outlooks for credits. Now consumer credit's a little bit different, but we don't have a lot of exposure on the consumer credit side. Most of our consumer credit, a lot of it's in exit or run-off, with the exception of our branch-based home equity book. So from our perspective, we look at positive migration of commercial credit is really driving a major portion of the overall reserve. And that's why we still think we're going to see improvement in that credit quality. The direction of it. The pipeline of identified credit's on the watch list, et cetera, continuing to come down, which should lead to lower levels of the reserve and provision expense being less than charge-offs, along with the fact that we just have fewer nonperforming credits. So the charge-off potential has been reduced and we've taken already losses against a number of those nonperforming credits.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Are you going to be moving any of your specific reserves into general reserve, or are they all going to be moved out of the reserve?
Jeffrey Weeden: We allocate everything to individual lines of business as well as individual asset types.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: There's no general reserve?
Jeffrey Weeden: There's no "general reserve". We have reserves that we set against individual portfolios. Those particular reserves against portfolios change based upon the overall direction that we see of those particular books.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Is there any indication that you might move up that portion? I'm hearing that from some other institutions.
Charles Hyle: Betsy, this is Chuck Hyle. I think we're constantly looking at all aspects of the reserve. As I said earlier, it is fairly mathematical. But we do a lot of forward projection work on all of our portfolios. We do it at least quarterly. We also do a stress test, regardless of the most recent government one. We do it quarterly anyway, so we're constantly trying to evaluate not just historical data, and we do update our probabilities of default. We look at them at least quarterly and update them at least annually. So we take a pretty hard look at both historical information, and for better, for worse, we have a lot more data points to look at over the last three years. So that has, I think, helped our modeling to a certain extent. We also very much look to the future in terms of where we think the economy is going and how it's going to impact each of our sub-portfolios. And that really helps in our judgement on this whole allowance issue. On the consumer side, Jeff alluded to it, we look at four quarters forward and add one standard deviation. So it is a very mathematically-oriented business on the consumer side and it's been pretty stable. We’ve had a very stable portfolio on the home equity side.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And the improvement in the criticized assets has been accelerating positively, is that right?
Charles Hyle: Yes, very much so. Again the slide on 23 gives you a good sense for it. And the acceleration, we saw it on acceleration of it really in the fourth quarter, particularly in December.
Operator: And we'll go next to Matt Burnell from Wells Fargo.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Question for Chuck on OREO sales and nonperforming loans sales, those were up fairly dramatically quarter-over-quarter and above recent run rate. Just wondering if you could give us a little color on the market or OREO sales if you did any, and if you see a better environment for potential bulk sales in early 2011.
Charles Hyle: Matt, I would say that from the spring of 2010 through the fourth quarter, we saw every quarter getting better in terms of general liquidity, and commercial real estate in particular. But as we said and commented earlier, it's very much a bifurcated market and continues to be so. For stabilized assets, particularly multifamily, we're seeing for Class A good location properties. We've seen very good activity both in note sales, as well as in terms of sale of the asset itself. And that has continued. Cap rates have come down. Investors have adjusted their expectations. But I think the other side of the market is really getting back to the comment I made earlier on residential commercial real estate where prices are hard-to-find, and we think values have continued to go sideways to down. So what's good is getting better. What's not so good is not getting better. And we've been very happy through the fourth quarter. I think that I can't really comment too much on bulk sales. It's not something we've been looking into. We did ours two and a half years ago, which we've very happy about. We’d hate to try to replicate that trade today in the residential side. So I think, I won't be able to help you too much on that particular part of the market.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: For Henry and Beth, in terms of the Consumer business. Jeff made a comment earlier that you don't have a lot in the Consumer portfolio, relative to many of your peers. I'm just wondering, as you have better data on Consumer performance, is this an area that you might focus on, in terms of portfolio growth in 2011 and '12, or is the unemployment and economic backdrop just too uncertain to do this?
Beth Mooney: Matt, this is Beth Mooney, and that is a good question because as we have watched new business volumes across all our segments through 2010, we saw a very strong uptick in the end of this fourth quarter in our middle-market new business volumes, our business banking and small new business volumes and we continue to see still very modest consumer demand. And we think it is a function of three factors right now. One, depressed home values since our primary source of credit for Consumer still is related to home equity. And we see continuing pressure on home values. We see continuing pressure from unemployment. So as you go through the cycle, we have had relatively modest new business volumes in our home equity books compared to anything that was historic. And as you've seen, we've had a trajectory of run-off, albeit not very steep decline because our book was branch-based clients, heavily canted towards first lien, good, strong, FICO, home values and [indiscernible]. So we continue to emphasize that appropriately to our client base and use it as a new client acquisition in our new branches. But the demand is still relatively tepid, and I think that is going to be a lagging piece of our economy for demand in Consumer segment to come back.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: So no real plan to branch into additional consumer-lending opportunities, auto lending, a lot of the stuff that arguably you got out of two to three years ago?
Beth Mooney: We are emphasizing the more robust relationship products such as loans, deposits, investment management products. Our opportunities there we think outweigh those incremental lending opportunities. We partly plan to stay well within our sweet spot of consumer home equity, small business, business banking and middle market.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jeff Davis from Guggenheim Partners.
Jeff Davis - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: [indiscernible] was out this morning and looks like we were down a little bit again. Could you just comment on housing prices within your various footprints? What you see? And if it's negative, does it matter that much for your outlook, given your more commercial focus?
William Koehler: Jeff, this is Bill Koehler. The housing prices, as a general matter, have stayed relatively soft in some of our markets. We do see continued declines, but the prices are not declining as fast as they did maybe a year, 18 months ago. And depending on the market, depending on the situation, appraisal values would support that. So we stay focused as Beth said on the relationship or any aspects of that business and are trying to stay within our risk parameters to make sure we grow it in the proper way.
Beth Mooney: And Jeff, this is Beth. I would add that if you look at our portfolio statistics, that is still largely a 75% loan-to-value book, and net debt is reflecting current valuation. It is north of 50% first lien, and average FICO scores are 740. So we feel like that book and asset has performed through the cycle. I think among peer medians, it's been the highest performing home equity book for charge-offs. When we see an incidence of loss, we see it largely driven by the event of unemployment.
Jeff Davis - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: But just not to put words in your mouth, but in terms of outlook for housing though, you don't necessarily subscribe to the thought there's another material leg down, at least within your footprints?
Henry Meyer: We're not forecasting a material leg down within our footprints. We still think there's still some pressure out there because there's still a backlog of foreclosed property, an overhang in the marketplace and also unemployment is still relatively high. So we think there's certainly pressure on prices in the downward direction, but it's more stable to slightly down. We're not forecasting double digits.
Charles Hyle: This is Chuck Hyle. I would say that it's more focused on the West where there's a little bit more pressure, less so in the East and in the Midwest.
Operator: We'll go next to David Konrad from KBW.
David Konrad - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Just a follow-up question on the fee income. Investment banking and capital markets did really well again this quarter. But compared to the last quarter, it seems to be under the dealer trading derivatives line item. So just wondering if there's a CBA adjustment there, or if that's a good run rate for that line item.
Jeffrey Weeden: As we said in the press release, there is an adjustment that took place with respect to the customer derivative reserves, just like there's been negative adjustments in prior quarters. We've had positive migration of credit in the past couple of quarters. And so, it's reversed itself on through.
David Konrad - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: And how much was that positive adjustment?
Jeffrey Weeden: The positive adjustment is around $20 million for the fourth quarter. But it all set about a similar amount in the first quarter of this year. So for the year, it's going to be basically a non-event. It's the timing of it.
David Konrad - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: And then on other income, that seemed to kind of jump quarters, is there anything special on that, that we should know?
Jeffrey Weeden: There's the $28 million gain associated with the sale of Tuition Management Systems that happened in the fourth quarter.
Operator: This is all the time we have for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Meyer for any closing comments.
Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator. Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in today's call. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vernon Patterson and Chris Sikora at 216-689-4221. Thank you all, and that concludes our remarks.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s 2010 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call.  This call is being recorded.  At this time I’d like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry Meyer.  Mr. Meyer, please go ahead sir.
Henry Meyer: Thank you, Operator.  Good morning and welcome to our earnings conference call.  Joining me for today’s presentation is our CFO, Jeff Weeden, and available for the Q&A portion of our call are our leaders of the Community Banking and National Banking, Beth Mooney and Chris Gorman, and our Treasurer, Joe Vayda. Slide 2 is our Forwarding-Looking Disclosure Statement.  It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question and answer segment of our call today. Now, if you turn to Slide 3; this morning we announced Third Quarter Net Income from Continuing Operations of $163 million or $0.19 per common share.  Our positive earnings for the last two quarters resulted in return to profitability for year-to-date results.  The net income from Continuing Operations for the nine-month period of $121 million or $0.14 per common share. These third quarter earnings improvements compared to the second quarter was due to higher pre-provision net revenue and a lower provision for loan losses. The growth in pre-provision net revenue was the result of a higher net interest margin, well-controlled expenses and improvements in several T-based businesses. Credit quality continued to improve across the majority of loan portfolios in both Community Banking and National Banking, reflecting the work that has been done to lower our risk profile and proactively address credit issues. Our positive credit trends included net charge offs, which were down for the third consecutive quarter and non-performing loans, which have declined for the last four quarters. Our balance sheet continues to reflect strong capital, liquidity and reserve levels.  Our estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio at September 30 was 8.59% and our Tier 1 risk based capital ratio was 14.26%. Key loan-loss allowance at the end of the third quarter was approximately $2 billion, which represented 3.8% of total loans and 143% coverage of non-performing loans.  Both of these rations should maintain our position near the top of our peer group. As many of you who have followed our company know, our management team has moved aggressively over the last 18 months to significantly fortify our capital and reserves, lower our risk profile and improve liquidity in funding with a single-minded purpose of emerging from this challenging economic period strong and well positioned to compete and win in the marketplace. I believe the trends that we reported today in our pre-provision net revenue demonstrates the progresses being made. Our strong capital and liquidity position also enables the company to support the borrowing needs of our clients when the economy expands.  The company originated approximately 8.1 billion in new or renewed lending commitments to consumers and businesses during the quarter and approximately 21 billion year to date through September 30. The final item on our strategic update slide, investing in our core relationship business, has been a consistent theme for Key.  Having a strong balance sheet as a solid foundation, we’re continuing to position the company to take advantage of the gradually improving economy. In Community Banking, our largest investment is in our 14-state branch network.  We opened 34 new branches in the first nine months of 2010 and expect to open an additional five branches during the fourth quarter, and we have plans to open another 35 to 40 branches in 2011. The profitability of our new branches continues to be in line with our expectations.  We have also continued to modernize our existing branches and align staffing with the needs of the segments and the communities that we serve. One of the segments that continues to be an area of focus is Business Banking where we have designated 225 branches as business intensive, which are staffed to serve our small business clients.  We are also a significant participant in the FDAs Small Business Loan Program. In Retail Banking, we’re focused on deepening our existing relationships and new client acquisition.  During the first nine months of this year we have experienced solid growth in your net new DDA accounts, and have generated a record level of revenue in our brand-based investment group. We’re also pleased to receive additional recognition for Key’s online capabilities in a September Edition of Bank Monitor, which ranked us second among the 16 largest U.S. banks for our online account application features. The investments in our new and modernized branches, along with the enhancements to the online banking position us to grow as the economy strengthens.  Our improvement in the national banking group is largely driven by improving product trends and the work we have done to reduce our risk profile. We’ve also made significant progress in sharpening our focus on targeted client segments, and investing in the right people, and our non-capital intensive businesses.  Year to date, KeyBank capital markets have participated in 41 equity transactions that generated over $40 million in fees.  According to Industry Lead Tables, we have been one of the top regional banks in IPOs and follow-on deals this year, and have played a very active role in the RAIT space. We have also seen improvement in M&A Advisor Business since the third quarter of 2009 as more liquidity has returned to the market.  Key is consistently ranked as a top advisor for middle-market M&A transactions. And we continue to emphasize areas in National Banking that have synergy with our client segments in the community bank, such as equipment leasing and certain products offered through KeyBank Capital Markets. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I want to recognize the important contributions of our employees across Key who have remained focused on serving our clients through what has been an extremely challenging period. Our leadership team makes a point to visit a number of our district markets each year and we just returned from a visit to Portland and Seattle, key growth markets where we are making significant investments for our future. I personally come away from these visits energized with confidence about the changes that the inner team are implementing in our community banking model.  We are attracting new clients, zeroing in on service and delivery and building the key brand. In markets where there has been disruption among competitors, there is additional opportunity.  And again, the perseverance of our front-line banker during this period had been extraordinary. As I mentioned earlier, with the significant strategic actions we completed and implemented over the last 18 months, in our capital structure, risk management, expense control and business investments, our confidence in our fundamental strategy builds. I remain confident in Key’s future and our ability to serve our clients and make progress towards our long-term financial targets. Now I’ll turn the call over to Jeff Weeden for a review of our financial results.  Jeff?
Jeffrey Weeden: Thank you, Henry.  Slide 4 provides a summary of Key’s Third Quarter Financial Results from Continuing Operations.  Unless otherwise noted, our comments today will be with regards to Key’s continuing operations. As Henry mentioned in his comments, for the third quarter the company earned a net profit of $0.19 per common share.  This was a result of lower provision for loan losses and both charge offs and non-performing loans decrease from the second quarter levels. In addition, the company showed improved pre-provision net revenue as a result of higher revenue and well-controlled expenses. The third quarter profit compares to a profit of $0.06 per common share for the second quarter of this year. While not noted on this slide, the company’s book value and tangible book value increased again during the third quarter to $9.54 and $8.46 per share respectively up from $9.19 and $8.10 per share at June 30th, 2010. On Slide 5 are Key’s long-term targets for success we introduced earlier this year.  On the next several slides I will comment on our progress towards achieving these targets. Turning to Slide 6, one of our objects is to be a core-funded institution with a target loan-to-deposit ratio of 90 to 100%.  As of September 30, 2010, our loan-to-deposit ratio was within this targeted range at 92%. During the third quarter, the company experienced a $2.5 billion decrease in average total loan balances compared to the second quarter of 2010. As we have been commenting on for several quarters, the decline in average balances continues to reflect soft demand for credit and are continued progress on our exit portfolios as we reduce risk in the company. We would also note that we are somewhat encouraged by the stabilization we are seeing in the middle market CNI portfolio; specifically, in the Great Lakes and Northeast Region as business begin to make investments to upgrade their production capabilities, or are thinking about acquiring other companies.  And we also experienced growth in our Core Leasing portfolio.  However, at this time, this activity is not expected to be sufficient to offset continued pay downs in the remaining books of business over the next several quarters. Looking at our average deposits for the third quarter, we experienced continued improvement in the mix of our deposits as higher costing CDs matured and were repriced to current market rates or moved to other deposit categories or other investment alternatives. During the third quarter, we experienced an $800 million increase in the combined average balances of Demand deposits, NOW, Money Market deposit accounts and regular savings accounts compared to the second quarter of this year.  And these balances are up $3.8 billion from the same period one year ago. As we have been discussing for the past few quarters, we continue to experience run offs in our CD book, which declined $3.5 billion as higher-yielding certificates of deposits mature and clients look for other alternatives for investing in this low-rate environment.  The decline in CD balances will slow in future quarters as scheduled maturities are smaller going forward. Turning to Slide 7, our Asset Quality Statistics continue to improve.  As Henry mentioned in his comments, net charge offs were down again this quarter to $357 million or 2.69% of average loans.  This is still high compared to our long-term target of 40 to 50 basis points, but a significant improvement over prior quarters. Non-performing loans were also down again this quarter to $1.4 billion or 2.67% of total loans at September 30th, 2010, and are now down by more than 40% from their peak one year ago. We saw market liquidity strengthen in the latter half of the third quarter and used this as an opportunity to continue to move our non-performing assets.  We were also encouraged by the fact that we were able to move these assets close to where they were carried as the assets on the books, net of our reserves or they were marked in the case of other real estate or other non-performing assets. As a result of the improvement we experienced in credit quality during the third quarter, the reserve for loan losses declined to $1,957,000,000, or 3.81% of total loan, and represented 143% coverage of non-performing loans at September 30, 2010. We currently expect to experience continued improvement in the level of net charge offs and non-performing loans.  As a result, we expect our provision for loan losses to be less than the amount of net charge offs for the fourth quarter of 2010. Turning to Slide 8, for the third quarter, the company’s taxable equivalent net interest income was 647 million compared to $623 million in the second quarter of this year.  The net interest margin expanded 18 basis points to 3.35% for the third quarter compared to the second quarter of this year.  Through the third quarter, earning asset yields remain relatively stable, declining 1 basis point to 4.39% while the yield on interest-bearing liabilities declined 24 basis points to 1.46% compared to the second quarter of 2010. Benefiting the margin for the third quarter was the redeployment of short-term liquidity into securities available for sale portfolio, the repricing of maturing CDs and an improved mix of deposits on the liability side of the balance sheet. The pace of maturities of higher-costing CDs, which benefited the margin the most in the third quarter, slows the fourth quarter of this year to $800 million and slows further in 2011 to a range of $300 million to $500 million per quarter. Given the current mix of our assets and liabilities and their repricing characteristics, we expect the net interest margin to remain relatively stable in the mid-3.30% range for the fourth quarter of 2010. Turning to Slide 9, our other revenue objective is focused on growing non-interest income and maintaining it above 40% of total revenues.  For the third quarter of 2010, total non-interest income was $486 million and represented almost 43% of piece-total revenue. During the third quarter, we were very pleased with the strong performance we experienced in Investment Banking revenues.  As shown on Page 20 of today’s Earnings Release, Investment Banking and Capital Market revenues were up $11 million for the quarter and letter of credit and loan fees increased $19 million compared to the second quarter of 2010. As discussed over the past two quarters, the implementation of Regulation E on July 1 for new clients and on August 15 for our existing clients resulted in a decline in deposit service charges of $5 million for the second quarter level, which was in line with our expectations. Turning to Slide 10, we are continuing to make good progress on our Key-Volution savings and through the third quarter we have implemented $224 million on annualized savings towards our goal of $300 million to $375 million by the end of 2012. For the third quarter, total non-interest expense was $736 million, down 33 million from the second quarter of 2010, primarily as a result of lower personnel expense and a decline in other real estate expense. Personnel expense declined as result of a $12 million credit to the pension expense in the third quarter compared to a $6 million of expense in the second quarter.  We do not expect to record any pension expense in the fourth quarter of 2010. OREO expense declined to $4 million from $22 million in the second quarter of this year.  And from a highly-elevated $51 million for the same period one year ago. During the third quarter we were successful in selling $63 million of ORE at prices approximating their net curing values.  As a result, ORE expense declined significantly. At this point in the cycle, more of the property we are taking posession of has cash flows associated with it, and typically has become easier to sell as liquidity has returned to the market for income producing property.  However, we do expect to see volitility in the amount of ORE expense in future quarters depending upon market conditions. Slide 11 shows our pre-provision net revenue and return on average assets.  With the improvement in the net interest margin, and good expense control reviewed on the previous slide, pre-provision net revenue improved by $51 million in the third quarter, to $397 million. In addition, coupled with an improved credit cost, our return on average assets increased to 0.93% for the third quarter of 2010; a significant improvement over where the company was operating a few quarters ago. And finally, turning to Slide 12, all of our capital ratios continue to improve during the third quarter compared to the prior quarter.  At September 30th, 2010, our tangible common equities, tangible asset ratio was 8.0%.  Our Tier 1 common equity ratio was 8.59%, and our Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 14.26 percent. We believe our capital position is strong and positions us well for the potential implementation of Basel III and the eventual repayment of the TARP-preferred capital in the future. So that concludes our remarks and now I’ll turn the call over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A portion of our call.  Operator?
Operator: (Operator instructions)  We’ll begin with Matt O’Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O’Connor: Hey, guys.  If I could just follow up on some alone comments that you made.  I think you said some of the positive signs in middle market and leasing would not be enough to offset pay downs for the next several quarters.  So I think you’re assuming, or implying that loans will continue to decline for two, three, four quarter.  Am I hearing that properly?
Henry Meyer: That is correct, Matt.
Matt O’Connor: Okay.  And then just remind us – I think your commercial mix might be a little bit different than some others.  I think there might be some more large corporate – but when we look at industry wide commercial loans, they seem to be kicking up ever so slightly.  Can you just remind us how your mix might be little bit different and why we’re still seeing declines in that portfolio overall?
Henry Meyer: Well Matt, the first thing I’d like to point to, we added a slide in the appendix of today’s section, Slide 15.  And in there we tried to do a reconciliation or roll forward of the loan activity.  And as you can see from – on that particular slide, the decline – the majority of this decline that we experienced in our loan portfolio outside of the exit portfolios coming down by about $400 million, gross charge offs were around $400 million and the rest of the decrease was around about $1.1 billion.  Of that, about 800 million of that 1.2 billion really came from our commercial real estate book. We’re going to continue to see commercial real estate loans continue to pay down here.  There’s improved – I think, liquidity we’re seeing in the marketplace and certainly on the multi-family is doing very well in today’s marketplace.  But I think if Beth and Chris would probably be willing to comment here on the middle market and the leasing books of the large corporate.
Beth Mooney: Yeah, Matt, this is Beth Mooney.  We are definitely starting to see stability in the middle market loan book.  We have obviously seen that client base de-lever over the last seven to eight quarters, but if you look into the trends from the first, to the second, to third quarter, we had the lowest level of decline in this quarter that we’ve seen through the cycle and we are actually starting to see, as Jeff mentioned in his comments, particularly in our Great Lakes and Northeastern Regions, signs of increased new business activity and modest glimmers of loan growth. However, on net you still see pressures in the Western markets.  They were late into the cycle, but we do see some pickup in business activity and clearly signs of stability in the middle market book, as well as in the core leasing portfolio, which intersects with a lot of that same client base of renewed activity.
Chris Gorman: Yeah, Matt, it’s Chris Gorman.  If you look at what’s going on in the national bank, basically the rate of decline has flattened.  But as Jeff alluded to, there’s a pretty significant mix shift.  We talked last time that leasing, we thought would come pretty early because we’re very involved in technology leasing.  We have seen that.  So the leasing book has stabilized and now is growing a small amount. As you look at the CNI book, the rate of decline was halved, quarter over quarter on a linked basis.  And conversely, we had a pretty significant step up in real estate as we strategically de-risked the balance sheet.  And obviously, there’s a lot of liquidity buzz in the mortgage market, which we’ve benefited from as a player in the mortgage business.  But also just liquidity in the market in general and we take our real estate book down by strategy.
Matt O’Connor: And I guess the good news of all this is the capital ratios, specifically the regulatory capital is building quite quickly.  You’re making money on an operating basis, you’ve got reserve draw down and your balance sheet continues to strengthen.  So I guess I look at the big increase in capital and probably more to come, implying that it might make sense to wait to try and repay TARP a little bit so you can show even higher capital ratios, you know, two, three quarters out.  How should I think about that?
Henry Meyer: Well, that’s clearly a way of thinking about it, Matt.  We’re trying to do the right thing in paying TARP back with our shareholders in mind and we are also very conscious of some of the implications of early versus late.  So we’re taking all those things into consideration as we look at the appropriate time.  But no matter when that time is, it’s getting closer every day.
Matt O’Connor: Okay.  All right.  Thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse AG.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks.  Good morning, everyone.  Craig Siegenthaler, Credit Suisse.
Henry Meyer: Morning, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Just on the time of the deposit reprice here, can you remind us when the 2.8 billion of high-cost deposit CDs repriced in 3Q?  And also when the 0.8 billion will reprice in 4Q, just kind of the timing of it?
Jeffrey Weeden: Craig, this is Jeff Weeden.  The timing – we go back to the second quarter, a lot of the deposit repricing happened late in the second quarter of that particular grouping of deposits.  And then the 2.8 in third quarter was more heavily weighted to the July and August time period.  So we’re seeing a slow down now.  As we get into the fourth quarter, the 800 million is going to be more evenly spread at this particular point in time, just like as we get into 2011 it starts to slow down pretty significantly.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it.  And the second question, can you help us with your remaining kind of timing and prospects for the 270 million of disallowed DTA?  How do you expect to realize it and is there any kind of ceiling on how much you expect to generate back in the capital of next year?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think Craig, you probably saw that the DTA decreased in the third quarter from the level in the second quarter.  There’s a combination of events that draw that down.  One is profitability, obviously is critical and the other part is that the reserve for loan losses, which is a very large portion of the deferred tax asset component needs to come down.  So being profitable and being profitable on a pre-provision less-net charge off basis, as well as bringing the reserves on down, it improves that particular recognition of that asset. But it should be noted that as we go through the rest of this year as well as through 2011, that that particular asset will continue to decrease and should eventually get down to zero.
Craig Siegenthaler: Great.  Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Well take our next question from Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Good morning.  A couple questions.  One is on the DTA.  You noted that declined in the quarter.  I just wanted to get some color.  I would expect that it had to do with reserve shrinkage, but maybe you could just elaborate on kind of the drivers and how rapidly the payback is shrinking in the next couple of quarters.
Jeffrey Weeden: Betsy, this is Jeff Weeden again.  I think part of the answer was – on the last question and that is as you see reserves coming down, so we have a combination of charge offs are coming down.  Charge offs now are less than our pre-provision net revenue.  We see that can trend continue, obviously that’s generating taxable income at that particular point as well as having the reserve itself come down.  So if you think about the reserve itself coming down and if that generated at the statutory rates for every dollar, $0.37 ½ coming off of that, that in and of itself creates less of a deferred tax asset. Profitability on the other hand improves that.  So as we look forward to the utilization of any net offering loss carried forward, so sort of existed at the end of the year, it starts to also get absorbed.  So there ar e all positive things that contribute to it and that’s why we believe that over the course of the next five quarters that the disallowed portion of the deferred tax asset will actually be gone.
Betsy Graseck: Right.  Okay.  And do you have any NOLs in the DTA or is it all timing difference?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, an NOL is the timing difference.
Betsy Graseck: Right.  Okay.  So it’s – the entire thing is available to go away as you indicated over five quarters?
Jeffrey Weeden: That’s correct.
Betsy Graseck: And in portfolio on Slide 16, I noticed you put some details here.
Jeffry Weeden: Yeah.
Betsy Graseck: Could you just give us a sense, you indicated in total demand return, actually liquidity goes into the investment portfolio.  You know, how do you think about the net new investment to this portfolio int terms of duration?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, if you’re looking at that Slide 16 that you referenced, we’ve actually put the duration that we expect to invest in and that we have been investing in and it’s basically between 2 ½ to 3 ½ years.  We buy new, so we don’t buy premium bonds.  We haven’t bought premium bonds.  We’ve gone out basically in the first ten days of each month, we determine what our cash flow is going to be for the current month, make the appropriate investments at that particular point in time.  Obviously, the yield on those in today’s market has come down fairly significantly.  So new investments are going in basically for this month would be about 23%.
Betsy Graseck: Okay.  And as indicated, 2 ½ years or so in duration, is there any – how do you think about under Basel III construct, you know, AFS, volitility goes in to your reg caps?  Does that influence how you’re thinking about the reinvestment?
Jeffrey Weeden: It will, but the Basel III implementation takes place over a period of years.  And so we will look at how we’re going to restructure or do things different going forward, obviously. It does have an impact.  It will change the way we invest.  We may have, obviously, one of the things to look at, we may have more health at maturity.  The company will look at all different types of structures here to ensure that we don’t create a lot of volitility.  I think that’s an excellent point and certainly one that we are looking at very closely here at the company.
Betsy Graseck: Do you think that you will be required to adopt Basel III at this stage?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think all companies are going to be required to go to the new Basel III Capital Standards and the question I guess that you’re maybe getting it, do we think that we will have to adopt all the counter-party credit risks and the operational risk capital implications.  We currently are a Basel I bank.  We did not opt into Basel II.  So we do not expect that that will be the case that we will end up having to have those particular components in the capital computations.  But that remains to be seen.
Betsy Graseck: Okay.  All right.  And so that’s part of the reason why your RDAs under Basel II aren’t likely to change that much?
Jeffrey Weeden: Very, very little.  We have just small trading portfolios, a very small amount.
Betsy Graseck: And as a result, a systemic risk buffer?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, you know, we’re going to end up with the [inaudible] proforma basis on the OCI that we have right now.  We would estimate that our Tier 1 common ration could approach the 9% level.  So that actually would go up. Right.  Okay  Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Scott Siefers with Sandler O’Neill
Scott Siefers: Morning guys.  I guess a couple of question first on the OREO piece.  One, do you have the dollar amount of – actually, it’s not OREO, but just – do you have the dollar amount of restructured loans that are not in NPAs?
Jeffrey Weeden: I don’t have that right off the top of my head here.  I think in terms of – it’s not a very significant amount.  As you can see, we have approximately 228 million in the restructured book at this point and time.  It’s not a material amount though.
Scott Siefers: Okay.  And the, Jeff, you had given some color on the OREO cost and whey they were down, despite your balances going up.  You mentioned that they’ll likely be volatile going forward.  Do you have kind of a sense for what a more appropriate run rate is, or is it just volatile is just kind of where it’s going to be?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, it really is volatile.  It depends on obviously the property that’s in other real estate and I think if we look at what we had originally in the other real estate categories going back a year ago or more, it was involving a lot more of the, what I call for-sale real estate in the sense of residential type property.  Today we’re talking about more of the income-producing property.  So we sold $63 million in the current quarter.  We had good volume with good activity.  We’ve actually, you know, if you look at the reconciliation that’s on Page 25 of the press release, we even had evaluation adjustments that we took in the current quarter of approximately $7 million that ran through.  And yet the overall ORE expense, including all the respite costs associated with it, including taxes, maintenance, etcetera, we’re netted down to $4 million. So we’re actually moving some of this property at this particular point in time at gains.  You know, that’s the part that I can’t predict in the future as to what will happen there because all real estate, obviously, is local.  We were very successful in moving property in the current quarter though.
Scott Siefers: Okay.  And then I guess one last question.  I was hoping you could just flush out a little more how you’re thinking about the overall balance sheet?  The combination of the 520 billion active portfolio and then the 6 ½ billion of discontinued options, and about 12 ½ billion of just kind of stuff you guys don’t do anymore or don’t intend to do anymore.  So why wouldn’t – I guess what I’m getting at is why wouldn’t the balance sheet contraction potentially be multiple year from here on out?  How is issues likely to play out as we look forward?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think if you look at the 6 ½ billion as you referred to in discontinued operations, actually, the student loan book, that has a much longer duration on it.  So it’s going to be around for a long time.  If you look at the 5.8 billion, it is actually coming down fairly rapidly here over the past six quarters.  So if we look at that particular book, a lot of the stuff that’s going to pay off relatively quickly has done so.  When we get into the commercial needs financing, this 1.1 billion on that particular book that are the LILOs and the SILOs, those are going to be around for a number of years.  They may have maturities that go out into the 2020. On the Marine book, which is about 2.3 billion at the end of the current quarter, that also has a much longer duration.  Now, that’s more predictable as far as the cash flow coming off of it and it will continue to probably work its way down from 100 to $150 million in any given quarter.  And we may get additional acceleration of that if unemployment goes down and the economy picks up somewhat as people want to trade up to a different vote. So I think if we look at the overall balance sheet, yes it will come down some here, but it’s more going to be driven on the liability side.  So to the extent that we are continuing to take in deposits, we will find a place obviously to put those particular [inaudible] in investments.
Henry Meyer: Okay, this is Henry.  Let’s not ignore the growth opportunities too.  Our leasing portfolio showed a little bit of life in the third quarter.  Beth talked a little bit about business banking and middle market.  We got some great news and publicity in our Cleveland marketplace where we regained the number one position in this market.  All of those are factors that over, you know, a few years, as you know, you sort of framed it, yeah, we’re going to have run off, but we’re going to have new opportunities too.
Scott Siefers: Okay, that’s helpful.  Thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Gerard Cassidy of RBC Capital Markets Corporation.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Henry.  Good morning, Jeff.
Henry Meyer: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: In terms of the loan-loss provision, could you guys envision that provision dropping to zero if your credit improvement continues on the pace that you’re seeing?
Henry Meyer: Well, I think, you know, we go through the loan loss reserves and the provision calculation each and every quarter.  It’s challenging to determine exactly where that would end up.  Certainly if things continue to improve and continue to accelerate on the improvement and we’re not calling for that, but I’m just saying, if that were to happen on a hypothetical basis, yes, you could get down to almost a zero provision.  But that’s now what we are currently expecting.
Gerard Cassidy: Right, right.  We all recall, of course, the pressure, all you banks are under in ’03, ’04 from the accountants of the Securities Exchange Commission about having too much in reserves and there were even negative provisions people took.  In fact Bank of New York had a negative provision this quarter.  I know this might be putting the cart before the horse, but do you ever think about that type of thinking?  Could you guys be under pressure, believe it or not, a year from now going into 2012 maybe about having too much in reserves?
Henry Meyer: Well, I think it’s a hypothetical situation.  There’s too many things that you have to project out into the future to actually make that call today.  I think it would be a nice problem to have and I would look for it to – seeing credit costs melt away in the future to in that position.  But at this point in time, I think it’s a little premature for us to make that call.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay.  And Henry, regarding your comments about TARP, what are some of your considerations that you’re looking at when you mention the near-term maybe beneficiary shareholders of payoff TARP?  It seems like right now if anyone wants to pay off TARP over the next 90 days or so, or maybe even 120, they’re going to have to raise common equity to do it, whereas possibly if people wait until a year from now when you’re capital ratio’s much, much stronger, people may not have to raise common equity to pay it off and it would be less to move to shareholders.  Can you share with us some of the pros and cons of doing it sooner versus later?
Henry Meyer: Well, you know, I think everyone understands the math to the degree our currency is higher in price, we’ll have to issue fewer shares for a given amount of capital that has been here before.  I’m not sure we can get all the way out to – I’m not sure we want to get all the way out to a point in time where our capital would demand that we don’t have to raise any because during that period, we have some restrictions and those restrictions in terms of the MNA and the like could also affect the longer-term value to our shareholders.  And you know, I think that the capital levels, we’re hoping that the regulators realize that the number should be coming down as companies are generating their own internal capital. So those are the, you know, the factors that we’re looking at.  On the other hand, as it relates to shareholder returns, 5% non-deductible dividend is not cheap anymore.  So it isn’t just let’s wait.  Some of it is what’s the right opportunity, what’s the right time, what’s the cost of some equity, hopefully less than, you know, a higher number.  And those are all the, you know, mathematical numbers.
Gerard Cassidy: Sure.  The other question I have was, I think you mentioned something about some of the bank branches now are business intensive.  Can you share with us what you guys are trying to do with those branches?
Beth Mooney: Yes, Gerard.  This is Beth Mooney.  It was a project that we started two years ago where we reviewed our franchise for intensity of small businesses in a three-to-five mile radius around our different branches.  And the realigned our staffing models and the competency of the people that we put in the staff in those branches to make their calling outward calling skills, their basic business [inaudible] and their familiarity with our small business product set to be differentiated in their ability to serve those markets.  And this has been going on now for two years.  We’ve seen a nice lift from those activities.  And just this week the JD Powers Survey came out for customer service in small business and Key was named, ranked number three of all the banks that were rated by JD Powers for their small business satisfaction.  So when I look at our focus, our increased efforts around FDA, this very targeted segmenting where we have business-intensive areas around our branches coupled with our service initiatives, I think it’s paying dividends for us.
Henry Meyer: And we’ve also just recently made some organizational changes in Beth’s Community Bank, where small business SBA is a segment.  So we’re really think to put a lot of focus I that area.
Gerard Cassidy: And just one last question, Jeff, on the pension expense that you mentioned, could you give us some color, I know you touched on it on why there was credit in this quarter and why is it going to zero in the fourth quarter?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, we went through with the actuaries, the assumptions that are being used on the plan.  And as you recall we froze the plan a year ago.  So we don’t have any additional earnings credits, salary credits, etcetera going into that particular cost.  As we went through and looked at the changes of the demographics associated with the plan participants that are in there, they’ll continue to get credited, a future earnings credit on that and it would be the evaluation of the update with the actuaries.  It resulted in basically coming to a zero pension expense for the year.  We’d already recognized in the first two quarters, $12 million of expense.  So the third quarter was a reversal of that 12 in essence, a credit coming through.  And then there’s no additional expense at this phase now for the fourth quarter based on that updated valuation.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  We’ll take our next question from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matt Burnell: Good morning.  First of all, just wanted to get a little bit more color from you in terms of the non-performing asset or non-performing loan inflows in the quarter versus the second quarter.
Henry Meyer: Well, on the non performing, we provided a little bit of information on the dollar amount of the inflows on page 25.  Relatively stable as far as the dollar amount of inflow coming into it.  But I think what we’re seeing now too, coming in on the inflow, specifically from the commercial real estate is going to have more income producing type property that’s going in there and then that’s getting resolved a little bit faster as we go through the cycle as liquidity it returned to the marketplace.
Matt Burnell: Okay.  And Jeff, maybe another question for you, in terms of the Key-Volution savings, it looked like they were up about 25 million on an annualized run rate from the second quarter.  And to get to your target of about 375 million, that implies on average about 25 million – if we assume that same run rate, that implies about another five or six quarters to get to your target.  Can you give us a little more color as to how you’re thinking about the timing of reaching that 375 target?
Jeffrey Weeden: Yes.  In terms of the timing of it, it’s going to extend on our into 2012.  And we have a number of initiatives that are longer cycles that are going to involve the – they’re going to involve both in terms of technology investments that we’re continuing to make and overall process changes that are taking place in the company. So we’ve got some shorter-term benefits that we’ve been recognizing.  We had some additional implementation benefits in the third quarter and then as you look out, it’s not necessarily going to happen in even 25 million dollar chunks in any given quarter.  We could have that type of level again, we could have more or we could have less because if we look at that between the difference between the first quarter and the second quarter, it was a much smaller overall improvement.
Matt Burnell: But it sounds like you’re going to reach that number well – potentially well ahead of your physical year end 2012 target.  Correct?
Henry Meyer: That well – we will be within that range by fiscal year 2012 but we won’t be at the upper end of that range until later on.
Matt Burnell: Okay.  Good.  Thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Terry McEvoy with Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Terence McEvoy: Thanks.  Good morning.  Just a question back on the expenses.  I know Gerard asked about the salaries in the fourth quarter.  Just looking at total expenses for the fourth quarter, could you provide any sort of guidance or range given the nice decline we saw in the third quarter?
Henry Meyer: Yes.  I think earlier this year we provided a range of basically 750 to 800.  We then [inaudible] that 750, more in the 765, 775 range.  Again, I think with the $12 million pension credit coming through in the current quarter and ORE expenses, which are more difficult because they can be somewhat volatile to project going forward here, we would expect to be somewhere in the 750 range at this particular point in the cycle.
Terence McEvoy: Okay.  And then just the second question.  It was nice to see the CRE charge offs come down so much.  Is that a sustainable number?  Is there any large recoveries within the – I’m looking at Slide 20 there?
Henry Meyer: Well, as you look at the overall improvement in what we experienced, looking at 520 of the deck itself, is that what you’re referring to?
Terence McEvoy: Correct.
Henry Meyer: We did see overall improvement, I think non-performers in some of the categories were relatively stable.  Other’s declined quite nicely.  We saw multi-family non-performers came down very significantly.  The expectation, obviously, that we’ve provided in the prepared comments regarding where we see the direction of net charge off is still an overall decrease for the organization.  I think if you go to the press release itself and you look at Slide 23, you’ll notice on that that we did have a recovery, but that was in the C&I book, not so much in the CRE book.  So charge offs themselves actually showed a nice decline for the quarter.
Terence McEvoy: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next call from Paul Miller of FBR Capital Markets.
Paul Miller: Yeah, thank you very much.  I was wondering if you could add some more color to the loan sales.  You said that you sold loans at the marks.  I was wondering, I don’t think you’ve given this detail, but have you disclosed what those marks are to date?
Henry Meyer: Yes.  We actually have disclosed that in prior quarters where we generally carry our loans held for sale and our non-performing credit.  Non-performing loans are held at about $0.67 on the dollar.  If you look at in terms in non-performing loans held for sale are basically carried at about $0.60.  So we’re carrying a lot of the credits that are around $0.60.  Or I believe we have marked down to $0.51 on the dollar.  So when I say on the dollar, I’m talking about what the original face value of that particular credit was.  And we’ve been able to move the credits and some of the credits that were in the held-for-sale category at the end of the quarter have already been sold because at the end of the third quarter they were basically – the trade had taken place, a lot of these on the non-performing side is T-plus 30 as far as the closing goes.
Paul Miller: And you talk about income producing – on multi-family when you talked about the loan portfolio.  Are you getting paid down on multi-family?  And just real quick, is that because Frannie and Freddie are such a big player in the market now?
Henry Meyer: Well, I think it’s primarily – Fannie and Freddie are still very active in the multi-family area and that’s an area that has done well.  I think you’ll see the Class A space is in high demand on the multi-family side of the equation.
Paul Miller: Okay, guys.  Thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Jeff Davis of Guggenheim Partners
Jeff Davis: Good morning.  A question for Beth.  Beth, Huntington has introduced their 24-hour grace period in terms of NSFs in maybe a broader effort to move market share in giving up some fee income in the short run.  Have you seen any impact on it, and your thoughts on maybe having done that sort of strategy for Key?
Beth Mooney: Yeah, thank you Jeff.  Good question because we are obviously working very closely, not only with the regulatory changes, but trying to make sure that we review the full range of consumer options and trends given financial regulator reform. I have not seen any particular impact form that Huntington change.  I think you know that we introduced a new account for consumers called Key Coverage that provides them grace periods, minimum limits, a certain number free per day for a $10 fee per month.  We have also done a variety of things around how we have implemented Reg E to work with our clients to make sure they map to accounts and services that fit their needs, as well as making it a component of financial literacy.  And we are watching all these various trends and making sure that we’re doing the things that meet the segments and client needs, and are responsive to the environment.
Jeff Davis: Okay, and a follow up, I think Henry touched a little bit on potential for acquisitions in the context of maybe paying back TARP and that decision process.  If you had your druthers on your footprint, where would you – what would you do?
Beth Mooney: Well, there are certainly opportunities because as we have talked in the past, we have many markets where we have less than what we called optimal amount of share, which is 10% in market.  While I think you would look at fill ins anywhere where it made sense to strengthen your market position and you could benefit from that combination, but when you look at market demographics over along period of time, I will tell you the demographics growth characteristics, as well as our share characteristics in our Western markets would be incredibly attractive to us.  And if you look at where we’re investing our branch expansion dollars, many of those are concentrated in our Seattle and Portland market, and Colorado market.
Jeff Davis: Would you expect to see more opportunities acquired say in the West than in the Midwest?
Beth Mooney: I think that’s one of those that is – we talked – all of us talk about the enviable industry consolidation that I think as that plays out, I think the watch word for us as well as other institutions is you need to be nimble and opportunistic and evaluate what becomes available.
Jeff Davis: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Carol Berger with Sojay
Carol Berger: Hi.  [Inaudible] on TARP.  I sort of listened to you talk about how fast capital is going to build because of the return profitability and the use of the DTA.  And yet, you know, given how expensive they are, it seems to me that you would really want to pay them back as soon as practical without issuing new common.  Is – when you talk to your regulator, is there – do they give you any credit for the fact that you are now earning and you will now be at those targets within X-amount of time?
Henry Meyer: Well, Carol, I would like to pay back TARP without issuing any common also.  Unfortunately, that has not been the practice of the regulators to date.  And we’re constantly talking to them.  And as I said earlier, that is one of the factors that we’re trying to evaluate as we work with them to try to find a solution that is shareholder friendly as well.
Carol Berger: So there’s been really no change in their attitude in terms of either meet your capital risk or don’t?
Henry Meyer: Well, I haven’t seen any banks that have, especially SCAP banks that have paid TARP back without issuing some capital.  But I think that they – they aren’t necessarily set on just one number and it’s a dialog that continues.
Carol Berger: Okay, and I’m curious as to who the buyers are on the commercial real estate.  I mean, are you really seeing new investment pools come into this marketplace?
Chris Gorman: Yeah.  This is Chris Gorman speaking, Carol.  We are.  We have set up a group that is raising a lot of private capital of joint venture groups.  We’re seeing new entrants coming into the market, institutional capital.  The other thing that is going on out there is the mortgage banking business is just exploding and that would be Fannie, Freddie, FHA, as we look at our backlogs, for example, our backlogs are up 84% over the same time last year.  So there’s frankly a lot of capital, some from banks, but some from other players coming in as well.
Carol Berger: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Chris Mutascio with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Mutascio: Thanks for taking my call.  Jeff, I was going to take a provision question kind of in a little bit different route.  While your charges are high relative to your goal, and I appreciate the color showing the performance relative to goals, your actual provision expense ratio is not much higher than the charge-off ration you’re trying to get to.  I think your provision expense is about 70 of average loans and your charge-off goal is about 50 or so.  It seems to me that while charge-offs are high, the actual losses clearly aren’t going to income statement anymore.  Are we just about at normalized levels provision expenses going forward?
Jeff Weeden: Well, I think if you look at what the provision was for the third quarter as we try to project out into the future, obviously provision is a combination of the credit quality and the current buy-in of activity that’s going into the portfolio.  The reserve itself is there to handle the previous loans that are recorded and the projected losses, and the losses on that particular book.  So we are, as far as getting the overall level of provision has come down quite nicely here for us in the last year.  But as we look forward, there’s still going to be some provision expense that we’re going to be recognizing, but we are getting closer as you’ve identified here to that more of a normalized level.
Chris Mutascio: Okay.  Thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from David Conrad of KBW.
David Conrad: Good morning.  I have another balance sheet question.  I guess the answer is a function of the change in liquidity, but the securities portfolio does continue to grow I think another 7%.  And we moved from around 10% of our assets last summer to now, we’re up to about 26% of earning assets.  So I guess two quick questions.  One, I mean, how should we think about this growth rate going forward, and you know, have you seen any changes in your asset liability position because of this?
Jeff Weeden: Well, we talked about the asset liability mix position.  So in the asset liability side, in the past we used to put on a lot of receipts in interest variable spots.  So as we put more on the balance sheet duration, we’re reduced our off balance sheet duration.  So interest rates losses have continued to come down to manage the overall interest rate position of the company.
David Conrad: That’s very helpful.
Operator: We’ll take our last question from Steven Alexopolis with JP Morgan
Steven Alexopolis: Good morning everyone.  I just wanted to follow up on the comment that you’re getting closer to a normal provision level.  I’m just trying to understand what was it about the current quarter that required such a low relative provision relative to other quarter?  Do you just reach a point where you’re not providing on the existing non-performers as much?
Henry Meyer: Well, I think if you look at the overall level of non-performing assets, non-performing loans dropped 330 million.  So if you look at our coverage ratio, our coverage ratio is not performers at this particular point in time, is up into 143%.  If you look at where we have the assets recorded, we’ve already taken charge offs against that probably close to 690 to $700 million just in non-performing loan components.  They’ve already been charged down.  We’ve done a lot of heavy work at this point in time, plus we’re getting further along into the cycle, so we’re very aggressive early on in the process and really working a lot of these non-performers out.
Operator: We have no further questions on our roster today.  At this time I’d like to turn the conference back over to Henry Meyer for closing remarks.
Henry Meyer: I just want to thank you all for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today.  If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our investor relations team, Vern Paterson, or Chris at 216-689-4221.  That concludes our remarks.  I hope everyone has a great Friday and a good weekend.  Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference.  Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Henry Meyer - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Council, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Management Committee Christopher Gorman - Senior Executive Vice President, Head of National Banking Business and Vice Chairman of Keybank National Association Beth Mooney - Vice Chairman, Member of Executive Council and Member of Management Committee Jeffrey Weeden - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Member of Executive Council and Member of Management Committee Charles Hyle - Chief Risk Officer, Executive Vice President, Member of Executive Council and Member of Management Committee
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Terence McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Jessica Halenda - FBR Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's 2010 Second Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry Meyer. Please go ahead, sir.
Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for today's presentation is our CFO, Jeff Weeden; and available for the Q&A portion of our call are our leaders of Community Banking and National Banking, Beth Mooney and Chris Gorman; our Chief Risk Officer, Chuck Hyle; and our Treasurer, Joe Vayda. If you turn to Slide 2, this is our forward-looking disclosure statement. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call today. Now if you turn to Slide 3. This morning we announced second quarter net income from continuing operations of $56 million or $0.06 per common share. The improvement over the prior quarter was due to a lower provision for loan losses, higher fee income and well-controlled expenses. Overall, the results are encouraging and the return to profitability represents an important step forward for our company. Despite the challenges that our industry faces in terms of the pace of the recovery, and other environmental factors such as regulatory reform, I am confident that we are taking the necessary actions to position the company for better long-term performance. I was especially pleased by the continued improvement in credit quality, which was the major contributor to our improved financial results for the second quarter. Credit quality improved across the majority of loan portfolios in Community Banking and National Banking, which contributed to the positive net income reported for both groups. Net charge-offs declined by $87 million, and nonperforming loans decreased by $362 million from the previous quarter. This was the third consecutive quarterly decline in nonperforming loans. Delinquency trends and the inflow of new nonperforming loans were also favorable. Although net charge-offs will likely to remain elevated for the remainder of 2010, we expect to show further progress in the future quarters. Our balance sheet continues to reflect strong capital liquidity and reserve levels. At June 30, our Tier 1 common equity ratio was a strong 8.01%, and our Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 13.55%. Both measures are up from the first quarter and the year-ago period. At the end of the second quarter, our loan-loss allowance was $2.2 billion and represented 4.16% of total loans and 130% of nonperforming loans. Both of these ratios should maintain our position near the top quartile of our peer group -- Being a core-funded institution remains an important strategic imperative. And as Jeff Weeden will discuss in his remarks, we continue to operate from a position of strength. Our strong capital and liquidity positions enable the company to support the borrowing needs of our clients. Although loan demand remains weak, the company originated approximately $12.9 billion in new or renewed lending commitments to consumers and businesses during the first half of the year. The final item on our strategic update slide, investing in our Core Relationship businesses, has been a consistent theme for Key. Having a strong balance sheet as a solid foundation, we are continuing to position the company to take advantage of the gradually improving economy. In the Community Bank, our largest investment is in our 14-state branch network. We opened 18 new branches in the first half of 2010 and expect to open an additional 22 branches during the remainder of the year. The deposit generation and overall profitability of our new branches have been in line with our expectations. In addition, we continue to modernize our existing branches and align staffing with the needs of our communities that we serve. We have designated 225 business-intensive branches, which are staffed to serve our small business clients. We are also a significant participant in the SBA small business loan program. In the first half of 2010, we also experienced good growth in Private Banking and Key Investment Services, our branch-based investment group. Both areas represent good opportunities for continued growth. Our improved performance in National Banking is largely driven by improving credit trends and the work we have done to reduce our risk profile. But we've also made significant progress in sharpening our focus on targeted client segments and investing in human capital and our noncapital-intensive businesses. During the first half of the year, KeyBank Capital Markets participated in 30 equity transactions that generated over $25 million in fees. We have also seen improvement in the M&A Advisory business since the third quarter of 2009 as more liquidity has returned to the market. And we continue to emphasize areas that have synergy with client segments in the Community Bank, such as equipment leasing and certain products offered by the KeyBank Capital Markets. Our second quarter results were an important step forward for us and we should continue to benefit from the hard work that's been done to improve our risk profile and reposition the company. I remain confident in Key's future and our ability to serve our clients and make progress towards our long-term targets.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff for a review of our financial results. Jeff?
Jeffrey Weeden: Thank you, Henry. Slide 4 provides a summary of the company's second quarter 2010 results from Continuing Operations. Unless otherwise noted, our comments today will be with regard to our Continuing Operations. As Henry mentioned in his comments, for the second quarter the company earned a net profit of $0.06 per common share. This was a result of lower provision for loan losses as both net charge-offs and nonperforming loans decreased from the first quarter levels. In addition, the company showed improved pre-provision net revenue as a result of higher noninterest revenue and well-controlled expenses. The second quarter profit compares to a net loss of $0.68 per share for the same period one year ago and an $0.11 loss per common share for the first quarter of this year. While not noted on this slide, the company's book value and tangible book value increased during the second quarter to $9.19 and $8.10 per share, respectively. Turning to Slide 5. For the second quarter of 2010, the company's taxable equivalent net interest income was $623 million compared to $632 million for the first quarter of 2010 and $591 million for the same period one year ago. The net interest margin contracted two basis points to 3.17% for the second quarter compared to the first quarter of 2010. However, it is up 40 basis points from the same period one year ago. The benefit from repricing maturing CDs was more heavily weighted to the last half of the second quarter and will provide us with some improvement to the net interest margin in the third quarter of this year. In addition, during the third quarter, we have approximately $2.8 billion in CDs maturing at an average cost of 4.51%, which were originated prior to 2009.  On the other side of the balance sheet, we experienced continued run-off of loan balances, which led to higher levels of short-term liquidity on average for the second quarter. These funds have been redeployed into the Investment portfolio, which will benefit net interest income for the third quarter. With respect to the third quarter, we look for the net interest margin to expand to the mid-3.20% range. Turning to Slide 6. During the second quarter, the company experienced a $2.6 billion decrease in average total loan balances compared to the first quarter of 2010. The decline in average balances continues to reflect soft loan demand for credit as consumers and businesses continue to deleverage and wait for more clarity on the underlying strength of the economic expansion and employment. Also impacting average loan balances is the impact of our Exit portfolios as we continue to reduce risk in the company. We do not anticipate loan demand to improve until we see greater confidence on the part of consumers and businesses regarding the overall strength of the economy and an improved employment outlook. While conditions are better than what they were last year at this time, average loan balances in our Non-exit portfolios are expected to continue to decline until business lending demand picks up. Turning to Slide 7. We experienced an increase of $1.3 billion in the combined average balances of demand deposit, NOW, money market deposit accounts and regular savings accounts during the second quarter when compared to the first quarter of 2010. And these balances are up $4.5 billion from the same period one year ago. As we have been discussing for the past few quarters, we continue to experience run-off in our CD book, which declined $2.3 billion as higher-yielding certificates of deposits mature and clients look for other alternatives for investing in the current low-rate environment. As I mentioned in the margin discussion, we experienced heavy maturities of CDs in the second half of the second quarter. Many of these CDs were originally booked prior to 2009 when liquidity was much tighter than it is today. The third quarter will be the last of the heavy-maturity quarters remaining with respect to the CDs originated prior to 2009. During the third quarter, we have approximately $2.8 billion of these higher-yielding rate CDs maturing. These maturities will drop off to approximately $800 million of higher-rate CDs in the fourth quarter of this year. In total, average deposits declined $1 billion during the second quarter compared to the first quarter of 2010. However, the mix of our deposits improved, which we believe will benefit the net interest margin in the second half of the year. Slide 8 shows the strong liquidity position of the company. With loan demand remaining weak, we have increased the size of the Investment portfolio and reduced our wholesale funding position over the past year. For the second quarter of 2010, the loan-to-deposit ratio stood at 93%, consistent with the first quarter of 2010 and an improvement from one year ago when it was 107%. In this loan-to-deposit ratio, we have also included our discontinued operations balances not funded with securitization trusts. The securitization trusts gross up the balance sheet but do not have an impact on the liquidity of the company. Turning to Slide 9. Net charge-offs for the second quarter were $435 million and represented 3.18% of average total loans compared to $522 million or 3.67% of average total loans in the first quarter of 2010. Net charge-offs continued to decline in the second quarter as we experienced improvement in most of our loan portfolios when compared to the prior quarters. This improvement, along with lower levels of nonperforming loans and lower total loans outstanding, resulted in a reduction in the reserve for loan losses of $207 million during the second quarter. At June 30, 2010, the reserve for loan losses stood at $2.2 billion or 4.16% of total loans. Our current expectation is that we will continue to experience elevated but lower levels of net charge-offs in coming quarters. And along with anticipated lower levels of nonperforming loans, we may continue to see further reductions in the level of the loan loss reserve for the balance of the year. As in our prior quarter comment, should the economic conditions materially weaken, this could change our outlook for net charge-offs, nonperforming loans and reserve balance. Turning to Slide 10. Our nonperforming loans stood at $1.7 billion or 3.19% of total loans at June 30, 2010, down $362 million from March 31 of this year, and down $587 million from their peak at September 30, 2009. Nonperforming assets were also down $342 million to $2.1 billion as of June 30, 2010, and are down over $700 million from their peak in the third quarter of last year. As shown in the Summary of Changes in Nonperforming Loans on Page 25 of the earnings release today, we experienced another decrease in the net inflow of nonperforming loans during the second quarter, which represented our fourth consecutive quarterly decline in new inflows and the lowest level of new inflows since the third quarter of 2008. We also saw an increase in loan sales and payments as liquidity improved in the second quarter. As shown on Page 24 of the earnings release, both 90-day or more past due and 30- to 89-day past due loan categories experienced decreases in the second quarter when compared to the prior quarter. Our coverage ratio of loan loss reserves to nonperforming loans improved to 130% at June 30, 2010. And when we combine our reserve for unfunded commitments to our loan loss reserve, our total allowance for credit losses represented 137% coverage of nonperforming loans at June 30, 2010. In addition, nonperforming loans are carried at approximately 69% of their original face values and other real estate owned and other nonperforming assets are carried at approximately 56% of their original face values at June 30, 2010. Turning to Slide 11. All of our capital ratios improved at June 30, 2010 compared to the prior quarter. At June 30, our tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio was 7.65%. Our Tier 1 common ratio was 8.01%, and our Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 13.55%. As a result of returning to profitability in the second quarter, and the reduction in the reserve for loan losses, the company's disallowed net deferred tax asset for regulatory capital purposes decreased to $405 million at June 30, 2010 from $651 million at March 31, 2010. For regulatory capital purposes, the $405 million of net deferred assets, tax assets disallowed at June 30, 2010, reduced our regulatory capital ratios by approximately 45 basis points. We believe that the company's strong capital ratios and the return to profitability will improve our prospects for the eventual repayment of the TARP-preferred capital in the future. And finally, turning to Slide 12. We want to close by updating you on our long-term targets we introduced last quarter. We continue to achieve our core funding and noninterest income to total revenue objectives, and we made additional progress on our net charge-offs, Keyvolution cost saves and ROA objective during the second quarter. As mentioned earlier, the net interest margin was down two basis points in the second quarter. However, our outlook for the third quarter is for an improvement in this measure. Before leaving this slide, I want to comment on the status of our progress with regard to having clients opt in to overdraft protection. Last quarter, we commented that we estimated that the company could potentially lose up to $50 million in deposit service charges on an annualized basis once Regulation E was fully in effect. Based on the responses that we've received so far, we now estimate that the cost should be closer to $40 million, and we will continue to look for ways to help offset this impact. As you may have seen, yesterday we announced the introduction of a new checking account that not only incorporates overdraft protection for a monthly fee, but also provides identity theft protection. We believe this new service will be well received by clients as they continue to look for convenience and certainty when managing their money. Also, there has been considerable amount of discussion regarding the new Financial Regulation Act which the President signed into law yesterday. Many of the provisions of this act will require studies and new regulations to be completed before they take effect. One area that has received considerable discussion is the potential impact on interchange revenues. In total, on an annualized basis, Key derives approximately $75 million in revenue from debit interchange. Until the regulations are proposed, we won't know the ultimate impact on this revenue stream. That concludes our remarks. And now I'll turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Brian Foran at Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I guess I have a couple of questions all related to the same things, so I'll throw them out at once and tell me which is most important. As we think about net interest income, is there enough liability in CD repricing specifically left to get you eventually to your $350 million target? And if not, which is more important? Is it rising rates, or is it loan growth, or it a little bit of both to get there? And then on the other side of the balance sheet, how should we think about what a normal level of securities portfolio is? And assuming the current level is elevated, is it a stop gap until rates go up, or is it stop gap until loan growth reemerges? Or is it ultimately going to be replaced by acquisitions? Just how are you thinking about potentially exiting that trade over time?
Jeffrey Weeden: Brian, this is Jeff Weeden. With respect to the margin, we still have some additional runway that will help us here into the third quarter, obviously, because of the repricing that happened in the second quarter of the CD book. Most of that benefit doesn't hit until the third quarter. And of the $2.8 billion that I mentioned, that's repricing in the third quarter, the majority of that benefit, of course, will not hit until the fourth quarter of this year. So while not giving specifics on the question with respect to the 350 margin, we will see improvement. And we expect to see improvement here in the third quarter and again in the fourth quarter. But of course, to get much expansion beyond and on up significantly, it will require an additional change in the overall rate environment. Currently, with the company's position, we're approximately 4% asset-sensitive. So as we look out into the future, we're positioned for higher rates but not in the foreseeable, what I call the foreseeable future. As a result, we added to the Investment portfolio in the second quarter. You can see the average balance for the quarter was about $17.3 billion, and the ending balance for the quarter was closer to $19.8 billion on the Investment portfolio. We are keeping the Investment portfolio relatively short in buying securities basically in the two and a half year duration. And we stay also for quality. Fannie, Freddie and Ginnie, CMO packs are sequentials. So I think before we're going to see expansion in the margin above that 350 range, we are going to have to see some loan demand coming back into play. We are working very hard in the field to garner that business at this particular point in time. And I'm sure that Beth and Chris will comment on that later. The Investment portfolio though is something that is there to serve as a reservoir, if you will, for when the loan demand does come back. So it's very difficult for me to tell you the exact level of the Investment portfolio. But we will maintain higher levels in the Investment portfolio than we historically have in the past just because the environment has in fact changed.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And maybe one follow-up on debit interchange. I know it's too early to tell, but what offsets are available to banks in terms of thinking about changing the way that product works, and how easy and realistic is it to implement? Or has the U.S. banking consumer just become so used to free checking and free debit that it might be hard to bring back things, these different fee-type things?
Beth Mooney: Brian, this is Beth. And obviously, the industry is in the process of reviewing what clients value, what constitutes profitable account activity, and using analytics and insights to make sure that as we think about how we potentially reposition products, introduce new products or try and enhance certain kinds of activities and behaviors that are desirable to our client base and services that they want. We are obviously in the process of doing that. And I believe that the industry, and I know we are actively researching those various elements to look at potentially launching as we did this week, the -- announced the new Key coverage account. We're also looking at substitutes to free checking, but again, based on a value proposition that clients would want and need. And then how do we take certain programs and expand our client services so that we can garner deeper and fuller relationships through usage of certain kinds of services. So I think it will be something that will evolve over time. And I'm sure all of us are looking at what's the right value for the client proposition that also helps us maximize our revenue potential.
Operator: And we'll go next to Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: Just a question on loan growth. If you look at your commercial bucket of loan growth, the deterioration there is actually pretty high, and it's almost just sequentially as high as your Exit portfolio, which actually is positively surprising us in terms of how slow it's running off. Can you just talk about maybe what you're seeing in terms of new loan demand in the commercial bucket? And also, how should we expect or how long should we expect for this Exit portfolio to run off here?
Christopher Gorman: Yes, Craig. This is Chris Gorman. What we're seeing from a utilization perspective in the C&I bucket, it's basically flat vis-a-vis the first quarter. It's down very slightly from the first quarter of 2008 before the financial crisis, and down actually rather significantly from the peak of the financial crisis in the fourth quarter of 2008. We don't see anything in the near term that's going cause those utilization rates to go up. If you think about it, there's not a lot of upward pressure on commodities which forces people to pre-buy. Additionally, people are able to garner whatever they need to keep their operations running on relatively short notice. So we're projecting that the utilization rates are going to remain relatively flat as they were from the first quarter to the second.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: And then on the run-off on the Exit portfolio, just trying to be really slow here. Just talk about maybe how slowly that should kind of fall off here.
Jeffrey Weeden: Craig, this Jeff Weeden. We've talked about the fact that the portfolio will probably go down about $500 million a quarter. It was actually $600 million in the second quarter. We've got various buckets here. There's two buckets that are a longer duration. Within the commercial lease finance, there's about $2.4 billion. There's $1.1 billion of that are the LILO/SILOs, and those will go out for 10 years. So that's a very slow piece of that. And the other part of the equation that's a little bit slower is also the Marine. Now Marine typically picks up in the second quarter and the third quarter each year with the improvement in the weather and people get out boating, et cetera, but that's also a much longer-duration portfolio. So the other books continue, I think, to pay down. The Residential Properties was down $90 million approximately in the second quarter. And so that's really where we're going to see pay downs are going to continue probably at about a $500 million a quarter plus or minus a little bit. And so this -- until we get down to those last two big portfolios that are there.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: And then given those trends versus what you're seeing on the deposit side, do you think we could really reach 80% loan to deposits, kind of well below your range, over the next year? I know that's not where you want to be, but just given the macro environment?
Jeffrey Weeden: It's always possible because we're seeing high levels of deposits and liquidity. And I think one of the things, too, that -- as Chris was kind of talking about, the availability of people being able to buy and get whatever resources they need, they're able to do that with a lot of their cash. I think in terms of what was announced by our report, I think that came out from the Fed a week ago, the amount of cash that businesses have right now is extremely high. And we see that in our deposit accounts. Whether we get to an 80% loan-to-deposit ratio or not, I can't predict that at this particular point in time. I think what we are doing is continuing to reprice our deposits and basically our inventory, and continue to be on the outlook for signs of an uptick in loan demand here in the future.
Operator: And we'll go next to Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets.
Jessica Halenda - FBR Capital Markets: This is actually Jessica Halenda in for Paul. I was just wondering if you could just give us a little bit of color on your OREO book. It looks like zone fills were up slightly, but we're still seeing some valuation adjustments on that portfolio. So I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about pricing, what prices of portfolio you are having to further adjust downward, and just where the overall book is marked to today.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, this is Jeff Weeden. Chuck Hyle will comment on the OREO book in just a minute. But I can tell you that there's a slide in the earnings release, and I believe it is on Page 25 of the press release, it provides the activities that go through ORE during the course of the quarter. So we did have some marks that we took in the quarter, valuation adjustments of approximately $24 million. But we were also able to sell some of the property during the quarter that we realized an overall gain on some of the properties that sold. So we think we have a mark fairly close to value. Some properties we're selling at a profit. Some of the others we're continuing to mark until we can clear the market and keep those properties moved. We have a tendency to try to move as much ORE during the course of the time period that we can. And a lot more of it, of course, that's coming in now is less of the residential side and is more on the income side of the equation. But I think that's a good summary that's provided on Page 25. And in my comments, I commented about, in total, all of our other nonperforming assets, whether it's ORE or other nonperforming loans or loans held for sale that are in nonperforming category, are carried at approximately 56% of their original face values.
Charles Hyle: This is Chuck Hyle. Jeff gave a great summary there. I would just want to emphasize the fact that in the Held-For-Sale book, which we've seen, I think, better values, and we've been -- with the liquidity improving a bit in the second quarter, we've been able to realize a few gains at a Held-For-Sale portfolio. The marks on the OREO side, as Jeff indicated, is primarily on the residential side and a few other assets that have been in for a long time when it was slightly higher loss content. But I think the general color I would put on it is we felt better during the course of the quarter on both the OREO book and the held-for-sale book.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Terry McEvoy with Oppenheimer.
Terence McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: I was just wondering if there was any I'll call it bright spots across your franchise where you're seeing some decent lending opportunities. And then looking ahead when there's more confidence in the economic recovery, is it safe to say maybe the Rocky Mountain region and the Pacific Northwest would be the first areas where KeyCorp would start to show some loan growth?
Christopher Gorman: Yes, Terry. This is Chris. A few places where we're starting to see activity. One is in our Leasing business, which we think is an early-cycle business, Both in the bank channel, which works very closely with the Community Bank, we've seen upward trends there, and also in our Vendor business. Our Vendor business, as you might know, is focused on technology equipment. And we've seen a lot of lift there. So from an asset perspective, we've seen it in those areas. Also, on the transaction side. We've been fortunate enough to be involved in several transactions and are involved in several acquisition financings. And we've seen an uptick there. So those are a couple of areas where we've seen a bright spot.
Beth Mooney: And Terry, this is Beth Mooney. I'll give you a little color as well and would say that while new business volume obviously hasn't got to the point where it exceeds run-off, we have seen some general increases in our loan pipelines over the last couple quarters and have had actually months where we see fairly robust activity and then the next month will lag back. So it's an indicator to me that loan demand is still relatively soft. It can be more episodic than trending at this point. As you can see, companies still continue to delever and have a fair amount of liquidity. But with that said, if I look at it regionally, the Pacific Northwest and the Rocky Mountains, to your question about where in the cycle and demand, actually went into the slowdown of the latest of the markets. And we actually see them coming out the slowest at this point. And then our Northeastern Great Lake regions, we see some general growth in the economies as manufacturing starts to expand. And so we see actually some regional differences with the Pacific Northwest and the Rockies lagging at this time.
Terence McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And then I just want to get some clarity on your credit outlook. Charge-offs remaining elevated in the next couple of quarters, I'm reading into that levels being somewhat consistent with the second quarter. And then in terms of the reserve release we saw in the second quarter, is it safe to assume based on what we know today that, that would continue and it would be to the same degree that the spend potentially reported in Q2?
Jeffrey Weeden: Terry, this is Jeff Weeden. The level of -- we made the comment. We actually expect net charge-offs and nonperformers to continue to trend down. When we say they remain elevated, they remain elevated from a historical perspective, but we are seeing improvement. Credit improved overall and the trends in credit, we believe, are going to continue to show improvement, even though we put in a caveat in there unless there's a substantial reduction or turnaround in the overall economic activities. So we do expect it'll improve. We do expect that charge-offs will exceed provision levels for the balance of this year, also.
Operator: We'll go next to Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Jeff, when you talked about the investment portfolio, I think you said that you're putting on securities with a duration of about two and a half years. What kind of yield are you guys seeing or getting for that type of investment?
Jeffrey Weeden: Gerard, we put the investment securities on going back to the May and then more in June time period. And so, when we were putting on securities at that time, basically they're going to average about 2.8% to 2.9%, somewhere in that particular range for the quarter.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And are you continuing with that program? In the second half of this year, do you expect to purchase as many securities as you've done so far in the first half, or will it slow down or accelerate?
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, it's going to be dependent upon cash flow. So to the extent we have loans that continue to pay down and we have good deposit flows, we're going to make investment decisions on that cash. So we're much better off to have it invested in high-quality securities, particularly with the outlook that rates will remain low here for an extended time period.
Henry Meyer: Gerard, this is Henry. We also went into the earlier part of this year with a much larger liquidity cushion in terms of Fed funds sold or Fed funds at the Federal Reserve. We've reduced that to a level now that we think continues to put us in a solid position, but a much smaller cushion. And we sopped up, if that's the right term, that excess liquidity. Instead of earning 25 basis points, we've gone into these shorter maturity investments. So we won't have that pick-up again in terms of the Investment portfolio. It will then fall back to, as Jeff said, the liquidity that we get through the deposit side or loss on the asset side and loans.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: You guys have had some success with managing your operating expenses. When we look at your balance sheet, and if we for the moment take the securities out of the balance sheet, your balance sheet last year without the securities, which totaled $12 billion, probably came in around $86 billion. If I take out the $20 billion from securities this year, the balance sheet drops to about $74 billion. When we look at T&C's numbers today, U.S. Bancorp yesterday, T&C's efficiency ratio today came in at 51%. You have U.S. Bancorp in the high 40s. Yours hovers around 70%. Do you guys need to do another -- I know Keyvolution is underway, and its toward the end of it. Is there another expense savings program that you might have to undertake if this loan growth continues -- if the loans continue to diminish and you're just using securities to hold your over?
Jeffrey Weeden: Gerard, this is Jeff Weeden. I think in terms of our Keyvolution initiatives are ongoing, and we still have a number of things that are taking place there. Part of our objective is to become more variable in nature in some of our costs, so we adjust faster to the changes in the underlying loan demand and the changes in the market conditions as a whole. We are still focused on expenses. And we have to remain focused on expenses. And I think you pointed out our efficiency ratio is high. What we have to do is also grow the revenue side of the equation. We need to see some additional margin expansion. We have to continue to go out and attack the market also for noninterest revenue. On the expense side, I think if we have loans remaining very soft and trending down, we're going to have to look at what are the measures that we can do on the expenses. But it's not something -- it's all part and parcel to our Keyvolution initiatives that are taking place. So it's not like "a new program" that would be introduced.
Henry Meyer: I would also say, this is Henry, that we're at about $200 million in run rate saves for Keyvolution, on our way to $300 million to $375 million. So past the 50% range, but still with significant opportunity ahead of us. We've identified those. This isn't a wish list. It's a matter of getting in the position to realize those savings. So there's a lot of opportunity ahead of us. And as we've said earlier, it really isn't until early 2012 that we're targeted to get that full 300-plus million dollar run rate from Keyvolution. So it isn't like we've stalled. We're still on track, and we've got a good runway in terms of identified and yet-to-be-implemented efficiencies. We're not shooting for a high-40, low-50. Our business mix has some businesses that are just inherently less efficient in terms of how the costs flow through our P&L.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And I know in this environment it's very easy for everybody to harp on the lack of loan growth, and none of us can see when it's going to come back. But maybe, Henry, in talking to your customers, and with your experience of past cycles, does this one seem different? Is the United States actually going through a delevering, whether it's the consumer or the commercial borrower, that we could see for the industry, not just KeyCorp, but for the industry that loan demand is indefinitely impaired because there is this change that we need to delever?
Henry Meyer: Well, I'm with you 100% except for indefinitely impaired. My crystal ball isn't that good. But I have been involved with Beth in some meetings with our clients, a whole series of meetings. And while they're optimistic, and really recently we saw more optimism about their profitability, but when asked the question, "Are you going to add employees," there was no pause. The answer was "No." They're using some temps. But they're really going to wait until there isn't the uncertainty in the economy. And when we ask them about borrowing in terms of property, plant equipment and expansion, the answer was, "We have a lot of capacity. We're more productive than we have ever been, and we're going to continue to use that leverage as opposed to adding more debt." So I think it's going to take a lot more confidence, which we'll be able to see through various metrics, before companies and individuals are going to borrow the way they did as we built into the -- as we built up to the financial crisis. So I think it is going to be longer, Gerard. I don't know whether it's permanent. But I think some companies clearly are thinking differently about their liquidity and about their leverage.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And just one final question on credit. Maybe Chuck can answer this. Your criticized loans or your watch list, did you guys see a similar decline in those levels like you did in your nonperforming assets in the quarter?
Charles Hyle: Gerard, we did. And the trends there have been, I think, extremely good. And I think the other positive I would mention is that it accelerated actually during the quarter. So June was a very good month in that respect. And it's really a combination of some improvement in migration, not just the inflows, but some upward migration, but also the paydowns. So we're seeing pay downs in criticized classified assets as well. So the trends, all of our credit metrics virtually across the board, were positive and improving during the second quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And Mr. Meyer, at this time there are no further questions. I'll turn the conference back over to you.
Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator. Again, we thank you for taking the time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vernon Patterson or Chris Sikora, at (216) 689-4221. That concludes our remarks. And thank you again for participating.
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Henry Meyer – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Weeden – Chief Financial Officer Chris Gorman – Chief Credit Officer Beth Mooney – Vice Chairman Joe Vayda – Treasurer Chuck Hyle – Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets Terry McEvoy – Oppenheimer Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse  Kenneth Usdin – Bank of America Jessica for Paul Miller – FBR Capital Markets 
Operator: Welcome to KeyCorp’s 2010 first quarter earnings results conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry Meyer.
Henry Meyer: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Joining me for today’s presentation is our CFO Jeff Weeden and available for the Q&A portion of our call, are our leaders of Community Banking and National Banking, Beth Mooney and Chris Gorman, our Chief Credit Officer Chuck Hyle and our Treasurer Joe Vayda. Now if you turn to the next slide. Slide 2 is our forward-looking disclosure statement. It covers presentation materials and comments as well as the question and answer segment of our call today. Turning to Slide 3, this morning we announced a net loss from continuing operations of $98 million or $0.11 per common share. A stronger net interest margin, lower loan loss provision and continued expense control resulted in a narrowing of KeyCorp’s first quarter loss when compared to both the fourth quarter and the year ago period. Our net interest margin increased 15 basis points from the prior quarter, primarily due to lower funding costs and improved yields on loans. Expenses declined as a result of lower personnel expense, our efficiency initiative and a decrease in the provision for losses on lending related commitments. We also saw improvements in our key credit metrics, including net charge offs, which declined $186 million and non-performing loans, which were down $122 million from the prior quarter. Both benefited from continued stabilization in the commercial loan portfolio. This was the second consecutive quarterly decrease in non-performing loans. Our balance sheet continues to reflect strong capital with liquidity and reserve levels. At March 31, our tier one common equity ratio was a strong 7.53% and our tier one risk based capital ratio was 12.96%. Both measures are up significantly from the year ago period. At the end of the first quarter, our loan loss allowance was $2.4 billion and represented 4.34% of total loss and 117% of non-performing loans. Both of these ratios should maintain our position at or near the top quartile of our peer group. As Jeff will discuss shortly, we have continued to maintain a strong liquidity and funding profile. Also, good progress was made on several other strategic fronts during the quarter. First, we filled a key role in our management team. Chris Gorman was promoted to head our National Banking business. Chris has been with the company for 19 years and was previously President of KeyBank Capital Markets where he was instrumental in innovating Key’s corporate and investment banking businesses. His breadth of experience, business acumen and leadership ability make him ideally suited for this role. And we continue to invest in our core relationship businesses including our 14 state branch network. We opened eight new branches in the quarter and expect to open an additional 32 branches during the remainder of 2010. We also have plans to renovate approximately 85 existing branches this year, which is in addition to the 160 completed over the past two years. The new and modernized branches support Key’s relationship strategy by leveraging the branch network to offer the full breadth of solutions, expertise, products and services that Key has to offer. We’ve also been transforming our operations for programs and technology designed to enhance the client experience and operate more effectively. One measure of success that we’ve seen in our customer satisfaction scores including being named customer service champ by Business Week last year, and the recent results from the American Customer Service Index, a customer satisfaction survey conducted by the University of Michigan. Key also received recognition from Corporate Insight’s 2009 Bank Monitor, which highlights firms that excel in online banking. During the past year, we also created 157 business intensive branches, which are staffed to serve our small business clients. Key’s focus on the small business segment has resulted in our moving to number 15 in 2009 from 21 the previous year among the country’s major lenders in the SBA 7A Small Business Financing program. This means that we have contributed to job creation in our communities and are well positioned to serve our small business clients as the economy improves. In National Banking, we have continued to concentrate on reducing risk and sharpening our focus on specific segments and clients where we can be relevant. In our Institutional business, we’ve aligned around four specific planned segments and continue to invest in the people that can leverage our capabilities. We reduced our exposure to commercial real estate and continue to look for opportunities to leverage our commercial real estate servicing capabilities. And, we are emphasizing areas that have synergy with the clients segments in the Community Bank such as equipment leasing, and certain products offered through KeyBank Capital Markets. In our equipment leasing business, we are leveraging our scale and expertise to meet the needs of our clients across the organization from small business all the way up to our large corporate clients. And finally, in both business groups, as well as our support areas, we have continued to make progress on improving the efficiency and effectiveness of our organization. Our staffing levels are down by over 2,600 FTE’s over the past two years, and we continue to implement initiatives that will better align our cost structure with our relationship focused business strategies. On Slide 4, we show our 2010 strategic priorities. The first is returning the company to profitability and setting the stage for long-term growth and stability. Maintaining a strong balance sheet also remains one of our top priorities including have strong capital reserves and liquidity. This give us the flexibility to invest in our businesses and make new loans as the economy improves. We will also continue to strengthen our risk culture by fine-tuning our risk tolerances and increasing risk awareness throughout the organization. And finally, we’re positioning the company for growth by investing in our franchise and our people.  Our first quarter results were encouraging and reflect the work that has been done to strengthen and reposition our company. I remain confident that we are emerging from this extraordinary period as a strong, competitive company. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Jeff for a review of our financial results.
Jeffrey Weeden: Slide 5 provides a summary of the company’s first quarter 2010 results from continuing operations. Unless otherwise noted, our comments today will be with regard to our continuing operations. As Henry mentioned in his comments, for the first quarter the company incurred a net loss of $0.11 per common share. This loss is significantly lower than the loss of $1.03 per common share for the same period one year ago, and the $0.30 loss per common share for the fourth quarter of last year. The improvement in our results was driven by a lower provision for loan losses, an improvement in our net interest margin and lower expenses. Turning to Slide 6, for the first quarter of 2010, the company’s taxable equivalent net interest income was $632 million compared to $637 million for the fourth quarter of 2009 and $595 million for the same period one year ago. The net interest margin expanded 15 basis points to 3.19% for the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2009, and is up 40 basis points from the same period one year ago. The company continues to benefit from an improved funding mix as the maturing CD’s continue to re-price to current market rates or move to lower cost deposit products such as Now and Money Market accounts. We expect this trend to continue during the balance of 2010 as we experience additional maturities of CD’s booked in 2008 or earlier. This re-pricing opportunity, along with improved spreads on loan renewals will continue to benefit the net interest margin. For the second quarter of 2010, we anticipate approximately five basis points of improvement in the net interest margin with additional improvement anticipated in the third and fourth quarters of this year. Keeping some pressure on the margin is the higher level of short-term liquidity and the general lack of loan demand. Turning to Slide 7, during the first quarter the company experienced an additional $2.9 billion decrease in average total loan balances compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. The decline in average balances continues to reflect soft loan demand for consumers and business as they continue to de-leverage. Also impacting average loan balances is the impact of our exit portfolio’s as we continue to reduce risk in the company. In addition, larger clients have had access to the Public Debt and Equity Capital markets in the past several months and are using this access an opportunity to issue debt and/or equity, thus reducing bank lending demand. As a result of this and other items noted before, we expect average loan balances to continue to decline until business lending demand picks up. Turning to Slide 8, average deposits were down approximately $2.3 billion from the fourth quarter and up $.6 billion from the same period one year ago. The first quarter of the year is typically the softest period of time for deposit growth due to seasonal factors. Further impacting us in the first quarter of 2010 is our re-pricing of Certificates of Deposits where we experienced a decline in balances of $2.4 billion. With loan demand remaining soft and our liquidity remaining strong, we have adjusted our pricing on many of our deposit offerings during this low rate period environment, the net effect of which has led to an improvement in the net interest margin. As I discussed when reviewing the net interest margin earlier, we expect to see further changes in the mix of our deposits over the balance of 2010 with a significant portion of the money from maturing CD’s either moving back into Now and Money Market deposit accounts or moving to other forms of investments such as annuities. Slide 9 shows the much improved liquidity position of the company. Over the time period shown on this slide, we have increased the size of the investment portfolio and the percentage of the balance sheet that is funded with deposits. For the first quarter of 2010, the loan to deposit ratio stood at 93%, a significant decrease from one year ago when it was 115%. In this loan to deposit ratio, we have also included our discontinued operations balances not funded with the securitization trust which were placed on the balance sheet as of January 1, 2010. These securitizations trusts grossed up the balance sheet but did not have an impact on the liquidity of the company. Turning to Slide 10, net charge offs in the first quarter were $522 million and represented 3.67% of average total loans compared to $708 million or 4.64% of average total loans in the fourth quarter of 2009. Net charge offs declined in the CNI and commercial real estate portfolios in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. Fourth quarter net charge offs included two large credits representing $131 million of the total for that period. As we have stated before, while we see net charge offs remaining elevated in 2010, we do expect that they will trend downward as we progress throughout the year. In the first quarter, represented the first time since the second quarter of 2007 we have not increased the reserve for loan losses. During the first quarter, the reserve for loan losses declined by $109 million to a little over $2.4 billion. Even with this reduction, the reserve as a percentage of total loans increased to 4.34% at March 31, 2010, up from 4.31% at December 31, 2009. In addition, our reserve for unfunded commitments decreased by $2 million during the first quarter to $119 million, and when combined with our loan loss reserve, total reserve for credit losses represented 4.55% of total loans at March 31, 2010. Given our current reserve levels and our outlook for lower trending levels of net charge offs, we see the potential for our reserve for credit losses to continue to trend downward. However, we would also caution that if the economic recovery should falter, which we are not currently forecasting, then this could change our outlook with respect to future reserve levels. Turning to Slide 11, our non performing loans stood at $2.1 billion at March 31, 2010 and our non performing assets were $2.4 billion. These totals represent a decrease of $122 million and $82 million in non performing loans and non performing assets respectively from December 31, 2009. As shown in the summary of changes in non performing loans on Page 25 of the earnings release today, we experienced another decrease in net in-flows of non performing loans during the first quarter, which represented our third consecutive quarterly decline in new in-flows and the lowest level of new in-flows since the fourth quarter of 2008. Also shown on Page 24 of the earnings release, are our 90 day or more past due and our 30 to 89 day past due loans. While the 90 day or more past due loans increased $103 million from December 31, 2009, the 30 to 89 days past due loans decreased by $294 million to its lowest level since the second quarter of 2007. Our coverage ratio of our loan loss reserve to non performing loans increased to 117% at March 31, 2010 and when we combine our reserve for unfunded commitments to our loan loss reserve, our total allowance for credit losses represented 123% coverage of non performing at March 31, 2010. In addition, non performing loans are carried at approximately 73% of their original face values and other real estate owned and other non performing assets are carried at approximately 54% of their original face values. Turning to Slide 12, our capital ratios remain strong at March 31, 2010. Our tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio was 7.37%. Our tier one common equity ratio was 7.53% and our tier one risk based capital ratio was 12.96%. On Page 16 of our earnings release, we provided a reconciliation of our GAAP equity to our regulatory equity and the respective ratios. For regulatory capital purposes, $651 million of deferred tax assets are disallowed as of March 31, 2010, the effect of which reduced our regulatory capital ratios by approximately 78 basis points. Before we go to our Q&A segment of our call, I want to review a new slide with respect to how we are thinking about Key’s business model and the targets we are setting for success at Key. On Slide 13, you will see the long term targets we have set. We are already achieving some of these targets. Others will take additional time and work. For example, we have established that we will be a core funded institution and target a loan to deposit ratio of 90% to 100%. At March 31, 2010, we were within this range. Another objective is to return to a more moderate risk profile. The metric we are using here is targeting a net charge off ratio of 40 to 50 basis points. Clearly, we are high on this measure and it will take some time before we achieve this objective. On growing a high quality diverse revenue stream, we have established two objectives here. First, achieve a net interest margin greater than 3.50% and the other is maintaining non interest income to total revenue to greater than 40%. While we are above the 40% level today of non interest income to total revenue, we are below with respect to the net interest margin. Our trend with respect to the margin is positive and we expect to make further progress throughout 2010 on this front. A potential headwind on the non interest income side is the changes to Reg E slated for the second half of the year. We estimate this could further reduce deposit service charges once fully in effect by the end of the year in the range of $50 million on an annualized basis. We are working on solutions to help offset part of this revenue loss. Creating positive operating leverage will take our continued focus on achieving our Key savings as well as growing our revenue streams. As of March 31, 2010, we have implemented $191 million of the targeted run rate savings towards our goal of achieving $300 million to $375 million in 20112. The end result of those should be a targeted return on average assets in the range of 1.0% to 1.25% for Key. That concludes our remarks, and now I will turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs: A question on Slide 13, the 1 to 125 ROA target, what are reasonable bounds to put on the ultimate size of the balance sheet to apply that target to?
Jeffrey Weeden: I think in terms of our overall balance sheet what we’re looking at probably something in that $90 billion range, so not materially different from where we are today, and I’m looking at it kind of X the securitized assets. We have a little bit more in there with the securitization trust that came on, $90 billion to $95 billion. So not materially different from where we are today, and it’s going to be driven by the funding side until we see loan demand start to come back.
Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs: On the CD book re-pricing, the 3.3% give or take cost between the two CD buckets you reported is still very high relative to the industry. Is there anything structurally that prevents that coming down, i.e. do you have a slug of three to five year money in there that doesn’t re-price for a long time or I guess how should we balance where that ultimate cost of CD’s could go in the current environment? 
Jeffrey Weeden: I think what you’re going to see is the balances are going to come down over time as we’ve talked about. The rate will come down slightly during that time period, but once you’re coming down you’re coming down $2 billion. We came down $2.4 billion. That is coming out at that rate that you’re looking at and it’s going into much lower cost of funds for the organization. So there are buckets out there. There’s a bigger bucket in the third quarter; there’s second quarter, third quarter has a bigger bucket and there are longer terms. But the biggest buckets are going to come in the second and third quarter and the fourth quarter of this year, then it starts to taper off and it becomes longer term in nature. But you’ll see that overall rate will be relatively sticky just because the higher rate CD’s as they mature are going into other deposit categories.
Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs: Again, on this Slide 13, Keyvolution continues to come in. Does the overall reported non interest expense continue to fall from this quarter’s level or is it more about saying in this $750 million to $800 million range even as maybe revenues recover a little bit?
Jeffrey Weeden: I think for the time being, stay in that $750 million to $800 million range is probably the appropriate range we’ll be in as we continue to implement the Keyvolution items. Again, it’s going to not be fully implements until we get into 2012. We’re still working on a number of initiatives. 
Operator: You're next question comes from Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: In terms of, you mentioned the balance sheet; you think it will be around the $90 billion range. What about the composition of the mix of the balance sheet at that time period when you see ROA possibly getting to 120 basis points. Do you still think that the securities portfolio would be as large as it is today relative to loans?
Jeffrey Weeden: I think what we said, we are going to be core funded so I you look at it from the 90% to 100% loan to deposit ratio, I think that looking out into the future we will have a higher investment portfolio for the organization, so I think that’s just a structural change that’s taken place as a result of as we look at the new liquidity requirements that may be coming down the pike at us.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: In terms of the loan portfolio, it’s obviously declined materially over the last 18 months, particularly in the commercial lending side – the corporate lending, not commercial real estate. What do you see once normalization comes back to KeyCorp? Where do you see the growth coming from on the loan side since I’m assuming commercial real estate and construction lending will not be the focus of growth after we get through, back to normalization.
Jeffrey Weeden: I think in terms of how we would look at it, you’re right. The commercial real estate book is going to continue to trend down and we have our exit portfolio’s that are identified that we’re reporting on too. Those will continue to come down. I think the growth and the initiatives we’re looking at are going to be on the commercial side. There’s not going to be a lot on the consumer side. So it is going to come from the commercial side and the segments that Chris has targeted as well as the segments that Beth have targeted. So Chris you want to -
Chris Gorman: There will be a couple areas where I think we’ll get some growth. What we’re doing throughout K&B is refocusing the business. It will be albeit a smaller business, but where we can get growth going forward from a loan perspective is a common set of clients that we think we can serve with all the different products and advice and balance sheet that we have. The other thing that we’re going to do is, we’re going to take that business and migrate it even more to a middle market mid cap kind of business that will then interface really well with what Beth is doing in the Community Bank.
Beth Mooney: I would just that it’s no surprise there has been a significant de-leveraging of our client base. Traditional borrowers and companies and middle sized corporations that will have borrowing needs as the economy to expand, but as part of this economic cycle we’ve seen de-leveraging, a building up of liquidity and cash and are borrowing in our compliant base. So as the economy improves and as those cash reserves get drawn down, I would see, although none of us now when to call that inflection point, as our economy expands I think borrowing will expand within our existing client base because we’ve had pretty significant pay downs. And then we obviously will work with Chris and our market to continue to acquire and expand our client relationships. 
Chris Gorman: As there begins to get a lot of demand in market demand, I think what you’ll see is it will be some combination of deposits that people will start to run down a bit. Some combination as Jeff mentioned of going outside for capital and then of course, people starting to tap their lines. What we like about our business model is, we’re sort of positioned for each of those three as we serve these targeted middle market companies.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Can you comment on TARP repayment? Is that something you would like to try to accomplish this year? Do you think as the economy continues to expand and your profitability improves and the industry’s profitability improves that the regulatory requirements of being, having to raise common equity as a condition of paying back TARP could be relieved where if you paid it back next year, maybe you don’t have to raise common equity to pay it back?
Henry Meyer: I find it difficult to comment on where the regulators are going to be. Our number one priority that we think will ensure that smooth transition to the right time to pay the TARP money back is to be really focused on sustainable profitability. And obviously our improvement from the fourth quarter to the first quarter is setting up a trend line that if things continue will get us there sooner rather than later. But we still lost money in the first quarter.  I’m very encouraged by the trend line, but we’ve stayed away from predicting when we would pay TARP back. To some degree, the better the company does, and if that is reflected in our stock price, whatever the requirements are, we’ll be less dilutive as the company performs better. So we’re focusing on trying to put all of things together as we look forward.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: On the securities portfolio, what is the duration of that portfolio and should the Federal Reserve start raising rates later this year, and we’re possibly seeing a Fed Funds raise a year from now, let’s say 1.5%, the long end of the curve is up at 4.5% to 5%, how would the securities portfolio behave and would the duration change in that kind of scenario from where it is today to a year from now?
Jeffrey Weeden: The duration is around 3.1 years today, and certainly if we’ve modeled it out to rate up 100, up 200, up 300 and so it does extend the duration on out. It would add basically going out to what you had talked about, up to about 150 basis points level, would add probably another year to the duration of the portfolio. At some point in time, because these are primarily seamable packs, they do max out on the duration, but it does extend the duration on out with the pricing rates.
Operator: You're next question comes from Terry McEvoy – Oppenheimer.
Terry McEvoy – Oppenheimer: About 10% of your earning assets were in this exit portfolio, which I understand you’ve been running off for quite some time to improve the risk profit of the company, but it was still down $3 billion. Could you talk about the pace at which you expect that portfolio to run off and is it the ultimate goal to bring those asset levels down to zero?
Jeffrey Weeden: The goal is to get those non strategic assets out of the bank, so I think that is our goal, and I think if you look at those particular assets, some of which are longer term in duration, so if you look at the Marine book, and there are some in the leasing book which will be the leverage lease that the [Lilo Silo’s] those are longer duration assets. Those will be there for some time. I think in the first quarter we came down approximately $600 million. I would expect that we would be somewhere in the range of half a billion dollars going forward at this particular point in time so we factor that in $2 billion over the course of this year. If the economy improves, better liquidity within the Marine book, people want to buy new boats etc. that can also accelerate the amortization on that particular book. 
Terry McEvoy – Oppenheimer: You’ve invested heavily in the Community Banking line of business and you continue to invest there. Could you talk about certain goals in that business and a year from now we’ll know whether that investment was appropriate and you’re getting the returns? Is it the retention of core deposits? Just something for us to gauge those investments by.
Beth Mooney: Part of what we are doing is strategically investing in our franchise in markets where we have low share but we see them as attractive demographic markets with high growth potential, and we are looking to mainly our franchise, Colorado, Seattle, Portland where through the addition of branches to our network, we can get a broader market share, broader branch share, increase our density, and it really is a vehicle to augment our presence in those markets and largely to help acquire new relationships, new deposits and new attractive clients to the Community Bank. Part of the synergy also is the Community Banking model and the ultimate success of not just the new retail clients, it’s what we’re able to do to service business in the area, expand our private client offerings as well as meet the needs of our middle market clients. So it has a broader market impact in addition to increasing our retail share.
Terry McEvoy – Oppenheimer: The implications for Reg E, about a $50 million annualized hit. Should I look at the full year revenue at $333 million take out $50 million so are we talking about a 15% decline as kind of a normalized run rate based off what was reported in ’09?
Jeffrey Weeden: In terms of total deposit service charges, that’s correct, so it would be off the total.
Operator: You're next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse: In the expense initiatives here, when we think about normalized expenses kind of what’s embedded on your ROA guidance, on the other side of this credit cycle, how much additional core expense – not the cyclical credit related expense, but core expense can you reduce here and also there’s probably one negative head wind coming up here and that’s when you repay back TARP bonuses for the upper echelon of senior management come back. How much would be the rate of change there?
Henry Meyer: First of all, the bonuses are not going to be that material of an impact on the company so I think as we look at it, part of it, what we announced last fall, part is paid in the form of stock right now, so the increase of the differential may be small additional amounts, but it will be based on the performance of the company, so it’s not one of those things that’s fixed in nature. I think the other areas that we continue to look at, just like we outlined on Slide 13, is how do we make more of our cost variablized within the company. So we’re really looking at those particular initiatives. I think some of the other things we’re looking at is, we have fewer people today, so there are other costs that we’re very focused on. We’re making investments in the Community Bank and the branch network that we have there, corporate space is being reduced. So there are specific goals over the next three years to bring down corporate space fairly significantly. Those are other initiatives that are taking place. Also deploying technology more efficiently and effectively, so how do we leverage technology within the organization. I guess an example I would point to there is what we were able to do with Teller 21 in the organization, bringing down a lot of our courier costs and improving our service quality to our customers. So those are things that we are continuing to focus on. Environmental costs, I think you can look at what our costs are associated with, other real estate expense is still elevated within the organization. Typically it used to run say in the $5 million range on other real estate in any given quarter. That’s been as high as $50 million and this last quarter it was $32 million. So those particular costs will be out there. Professional fees, collection related costs, etc. so we’ll continue to look at all those particular areas.
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse: When you think about the timing of the rate provided this morning, the 1 to 1.2, how can we think about that? Can you give us a range of how many years out we should expect that?
Henry Meyer: We haven’t given a specific time period on the timing here. I think as we look at some of those goals, credit is still going to be a very significant component of that and so with an improving economy, credit will improve over time. It’s not a quick cycle type of an expense item that the corporations have, the banking institutions have. So that’s going to take a period of time. The expense initiatives that we continue to work on here, we’ll have implemented by 2012. That will help us in that regard to it’s not something that you should factor in for 2011. It’s beyond that time period before I think we get to that particular level.
Operator: You're next question comes from Kenneth Usdin – Bank of America.
Kenneth Usdin – Bank of America: My question relates to the fee income. Connected to with the balance sheet shrinking in a lot of the commercial areas, there’s obviously a lot of fee income that’s connected to it. Would you start to expect to see, when would you expect to see also the kind of bottoming in other fee categories separate and aside from the consumer issues with Reg E?
Jeffrey Weeden: Some of the items that we still have that are hitting the fee income related areas are reserves that are still going through, so in the first quarter we had approximately $24 million of building reserves in our customer derivative book. $21 million of that was in the National Bank and you can see that in the description for the National Bank results of operations. Part of the growth that we get in the fee income line items is just the lack of more negative marks. Negative marks went down substantially here in the first quarter because a lot of what we had in the funds management group within the real estate capital area, those particular investments have been written down substantially at this particular point in time, so there’s just less to go though. But we still have other areas that are pressured, and I think, perhaps Chris can comment on this, but I think it’s just activities that we would expect to see from the capital markets area or customer activities.
Chris Gorman: The debt market as everyone knows continues to be very vibrant. Those are basically on pace to where they were last year which were record years, at least for issuance this is. And then the equity business, while it was back end loaded last year, this year it’s been very strong in the front end. So we are in fact seeing that. But the biggest driver as you point it is just not having some of the marks frankly that were running through those lines in previous years.
Jeffrey Weeden: The core business is still intact here, so we have a number of things that are still taking place and I think in the case of the Community Bank, obviously just growing what we have in our key investment specialist area continues to show growth, etc. Beth, any comments you can make on that?
Beth Mooney: I would say that other than service charges which I think there a behavioral change within the consumer base, many of our fee income categories are showing double digit year over year growth which show a return of key investment services for example, which is our platform based annuity sales product, is up 20% year over year. We’re seeing ATM debit start to recover. Obviously our investment management fees, our trust fees, so we see trends where the business has bottomed, stabilized and is starting to grow from where we were a year ago.
Kenneth Usdin – Bank of America: As you let some of these non core deposits and long term debt roll off and with having the loan book shrinkage, and you mentioned that you probably will have a bigger securities portfolio versus history, how are you positioning the securities portfolio now especially with rates eventually on the rise in terms of just preparing for the eventual rise and also just compositionally as far as what you’re investing in.
Joe Vayda: The portfolio as Jeff mentioned earlier has a relatively short duration and new purchases recently have been in the two and a half to three year duration range. However, in answering the question in positioning for rate risk, it’s a bigger question beyond the investment portfolio. The portfolio is only one component of the balance sheet, and overall our rate risk position has continued to be moderately asset sensitive so we would expect a benefit to the margin and net interest income and interest rates rise.
Operator: You're next question comes from Jessica for Paul Miller – FBR Capital Markets.
Jessica for Paul Miller – FBR Capital Markets: Can you talk a little bit about asset sales and I guess in OREO it looks like asset sales are a little more, almost half the size as they were last quarter. Would that be seasonality and how does the pricing trends that you’re seeing on these asset sales compare to recent quarters and to where you have the marks on your OREO? 
Chuck Hyle: I’m not sure that I would necessarily call it seasonality but clearly the quarter started more slowly in January and early February, and there was a real crescendo through March in terms of sales activity, so whether that’s, I would say there’s probably a little bit of seasonality in that. But I think more importantly, we started seeing some material liquidity coming back into the market in the second half of the first quarter and that’s not seasonal. That is real and it is I think reflective of a recognition that number one, there’s a lot of money out there that’s been looking for somewhat better trends in commercial real estate in particular and are beginning to see it. So we’ve seen a great improvement. Not all of that has been reflected in the first quarter. I think the carry over into the second quarter and the momentum that we saw in March is very much carrying over into the second quarter and therefore I think we’re considerably more encouraged by that trend. So I think the first quarter is not necessarily reflective of what’s happening in the market.
Operator: You're next question comes from Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs: On the credit improvement, historically the first quarter is the good one for the industry just in terms of the quarter over quarter improvement in charge offs. Is there any seasonality we should take into account in this quarter’s results or the 30 to 90 day delinquency trends and stuff like that give you confidence that this is more than – it’s obviously more than seasonality, but is there any seasonal adjustment that we need to make?
Chuck Hyle: I think that the seasonality aspect of it is pretty minimal. We saw a little bit of an improvement in the Marine portfolio but that’s pretty tiny in the great scheme of things. Again, I think this is much more of a secular trend and certainly almost all of our credit statistics have shown good improvement and good momentum, particularly our early stage delinquencies have come down quite dramatically. The one that Jeff mentioned earlier, looks like it might be moving slightly in the other direction, not 90 plus delinquency. That was almost fully accounted for by maturity delinquency not underlying performance delinquency. In other words, we have several assets that continue to perform but the maturity came and we’re in the process of either restructuring or in a couple of cases, have the take outs that happened to fall a little bit after the end of the quarter. So I think even that statistic is moving in the right direction. I would call it considerably more than seasonality.
Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs: The principal investing line item, can you remind us what the underlying portfolio looks like and I guess if driven by the middle market private equity or commercial real estate recoveries or what’s the outlook here?
Jeffrey Weeden: The portfolio is basically half the portfolio are in funds and half are direct investments. The total portfolio is approximately $1 billion. So if you look at it, you’ve got about $.5 billion in direct investments and half in fund investments. The fund investments would be another venture type related activities. I think we look at it, the direct investments are in a wide variety of various different companies and I think the prospects or the outlook for that is as the economy continues to improve, and as the market conditions continue to improve, and as we heard today there are more IPO’s in the second half of the quarter in that time period, was said on Bloomberg this morning. So if we see those particular type of activities show improvement, I think it bodes very well for additional liquidity in that and the prospects of future profitability from that particular book.
Operator: You're next question comes from Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: I wanted to come back to your Slide 13 that you pointed out that you think you can get to a target ROA of 100 basis points, 125 basis points. What type of efficiency ratio are you thinking that you’ll have at that time?
Jeffrey Weeden: Efficiency ratios are the result of two items; one income and one expense control. I think as we start to look at, we have not given a specific target for that, but I think it is fair to say that it would be approximately in the 60 basis point range.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets:  Is there any way you can give us comfort when we look at what’s gone on in KeyCorp over the last three years, like many banks the credit problems were pretty severe and you look like you have your arms around them which of course is positive. Have we traded off, and not just KeyCorp, but a lot of banks, have we traded off credit risk for interest rate risk, because you look at your securities portfolio now from a year ago it’s doubled in size. It seems likely that if this economy remains healthy and strong, rates will go higher. No one knows for sure how high, but what if we had a 5% loan rate next spring or Timco was looking for something I think even more dramatic. Do we run the risk of having to deal with interest rate problems to the bond portfolio a year from now so we’ve traded off credit risk for interest rate risk? Can you alleave our fears of that somehow?
Jeffrey Weeden: I think as we look at it, if rates end up moving on up as you’ve outlined the 5%, it should be a much stronger overall economy which also bode well for then improved loan demand and pricing. So we look at that in totality as being not a negative but actually a positive for us. We are asset sensitive. We’ve had a number of AL swaps that have matured. We’ve got more that will mature, that receive fixed pay variable. So those are things that just continue to make us more asset sensitive as we look out into the future. Again, we stayed on our bond portfolio to Fanny, Freddie and Jennie in the CMO area, so we stay with high quality. We try to target as Joe was talking about at two and a half to three year duration, is what we’re quoting on, and yes those will all extend out if the rates go up dramatically. They will go on out to four to four and a half years. I think they cap out at up another 300 basis points at around five years in total. So we take all of that into account. We model it on out. We do not believe that we are in fact making that ‘trade off’ that you’re talking about. And yet, all of us in financial services have to look at how we’re going to deploy liquidity that we have at this particular point in time without doing anything ridiculous.
Joe Vayda: I would just add that you can’t look at the investment portfolio in isolation. Yes we’ve seen growth there, but if you look at our full balance sheet rate risk position, recognize our interest rate swap book, and this is a received fixed rate which is another tool in managing the company’s overall rate risk, has declined by about $7 billion over the same time period. Net, net, if you look at the duration of the balance sheet holistically, it is shorter today than it was a year ago.
Operator: We have no other questions remaining at this time. I’ll turn the conference back for any additional or closing remarks.
Henry Meyer: Again, we thank all of you for taking the time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow up questions, you can direct them to our investor relations team, Vern Patterson and Christa Sikora at 216.689-4221. That concludes our remarks and again, thank you all.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Henry Meyer - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Jeff Weeden - Chief Financial Officer Beth Mooney - Vice Chairman Peter Hancock - Vice Chairman Chuck Hyle - Chief Risk Officer Joe Vayda - Treasurer
Analysts: Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Nancy Bush - NAB Research Mike Mayo - CLSA Ken Usdin - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jessica Halenda - FBR Capital Markets Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Rob Placet - Deutsche Bank Nancy Bush - NAB Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s 2009 fourth quarter earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry Meyer. Mr. Meyer, please go ahead.
Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator, good morning everyone and welcome to KeyCorp’s fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Joining me for today’s presentation is our CFO Jeff Weeden, and available for the Q-and-A portion of our call, our Vice Chairs Beth Mooney and Peter Hancock, Chief Risk Officer Chuck Hyle, and our Treasurer Joe Vayda. Slide two is our forward-looking statements disclosure statement. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call today. Now if you would turn to slide number three. Today we announced a net loss from containing operations of $258 million or $0.30 per common share. Although this remains a challenging environment, we are encouraged by the continued stabilization of the economy and some positive trends in our fourth quarter results. Our net interest margin increased 24 basis points from the prior quarter as a result of reduced funding costs and better earning asset yields and although net charge-offs remained elevated, we saw meaningful improvement in the fourth quarter in most of our credit metrics, we including decreases in delinquencies, criticized and classified assets, non-performing loans, and non-performing assets. Slide three shows the strategic priorities that guided our actions in 2009 and continue to be the primary areas of focus in 2010. These priorities are built around three strategic imperatives, maintaining a strong balance sheet, reducing risk, and positioning the company for growth. While 2009 was one of the most challenging years in our company’s history, I am pleased with the progress that we have made on these priorities. The first priority is balance sheet strength, which is one of the foundational elements on which all of our business strategies are built. We believe that strong capital, reserves and liquidity are critical, not only in today’s environment, but also to support future growth opportunities. During the year, we took a number of actions to strengthen our balance sheet, including generating approximately $2.4 billion of new Tier 1 common equity and continuing to build our loan loss reserve. At December 31, our Tier 1 common equity ratio was a strong 7.46% and our Tier 1 risk based capital ratio was 12.68%, both measures are up significantly from the year ago period. Over the past year, we also increased our allowance for loan losses by over $900 million to $2.5 billion. At the end of the fourth quarter, our loan loss allowance represented 4.31% of total loans and 116% of non-performing loans. Both of these ratios should place us in or very near the top quartile of our peer group and we made significant progress on strengthening our liquidity and funding positions, our average loan to deposit ratio at year end was below 100%, compared to several years ago when we were in the 140% range. This improvement was accomplished by growing deposits, which reduced our reliance on wholesale funding. We also exited non-relationship businesses, while increasing the portion of earnings assets invested in highly liquid securities. Proactively addressing credit quality and reducing our risk profile has been and continues to be one of our top priorities. One of our primary areas of focus has been reduce our exposure to the higher risk segments of our commercial real estate portfolio. Since the first quarter of 2008, we have reduced our commercial real estate, residential properties exposure, by over $2.5 billion, or 69% to $1.1 billion, which includes significant reductions in our California and Florida exposures. We have also continued to address other parts of our commercial real estate portfolio, including working with our developer clients to provide interim financing on viable projects, when long term takeout financing is not available. We have been successful in re-underwriting many of these credits, while strengthening Key’s collateral position and adjusting pricing to reflect current market conditions and we have been aggressive in disposition higher risk loans and assets. Key was one of the first banks to initiate the sale of a large portfolio of at risk commercial real estate homebuilder loans and since that time, we have continued to sell both loans and other real estate owned. A strong balance sheet and improved risk profile position us to leverage the investments that we have made and continue to make in our core relationship businesses and despite this difficult operating environment, we’ve made progress in creating some distinctive businesses with attractive growth opportunities. In Community Banking, we’re continuing to invest in our people, infrastructure and technology. In 2009, we opened 38 new branches in eight different markets and we plan to open an additional 40 branches this year. We have also completed 160 branch renovations over the past two years and expect to renovate in the 100 branches in 2010. In addition, we created 157 business intensive branches last year, which are staffed to serve our small business clients and while many of our competitors have reduced our commitment to this segment, Key is taking a longer term view and will be uniquely positioned in our markets as the economy improves. We are also investing in product enhancements and innovation, driven by client insights in each of our community banking client segments. Recent initiatives include our KeyBanc rewards offering, mobile online banking through iPhones and Blackberrys, and upgrades in our treasury management capabilities and we believe our real competitive distinctive is our people and the sales and service culture that we have also. This difference was recognized last year with Key being the top rated bank in Business Week’s customer champ survey. In National Banking, we have continued to focus on reducing risk and sharpening our focus on segments, where we have an advantage. Businesses that do not meet our risk adjusted return hurdles have been moved to the exit portfolio. As I mentioned, we have reduced our exposure to commercial real estate and to continue to look for opportunities to leverage our commercial real estate servicing capabilities. We have also sharpened the focus of our institutional business, by aligning around four specific client segments, and investing in the people that can capitalize on attractive opportunities again as the economy improves and we are emphasizing areas of synergy with client segments in a Community Bank such as equipment leasing, and certain product offerings through KeyBanc Capital Markets. In our equipment leasing, we are leveraging our scale and expertise to meet the needs of our clients across the organization from small business all the way up to the large corporate clients. Finally, we have continued to make progress on improving the efficiency and effectiveness of our organization. Our staffing levels are down by over 2500 FTEs over the past two years, and we continue to implement initiatives that will better align our cost structure with our relationship focused business strategies and we want to ensure that we have effective business models that are sustainable and flexible, so that we are well positioned to capture new market opportunities. We clearly have work remaining, but as we turn our sites to 2009, I remain confident that we are taking the right steps to emerge from this extraordinary period as a strong competitive company. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Jeff Weeden, for a review of our financial results. Jeff.
Jeff Weeden: Thank you, Henry. Slide four provides a summary of the company’s fourth quarter 2009 results from continuing operations. Unless otherwise noted, our comments today will be with regard to our continuing operations. For the fourth quarter, the company incurred a net loss of $0.30 per common share. Several items impacted our fourth quarter results, including continuing elevated credit costs, and realized and unrealized losses on CMBS holdings, and other direct or co-managed fund investments in our real estate capital line of business. These realized and unrealized losses totaled $92 million or $0.07 per common share. After the fourth quarter write-downs, we have a remaining carrying value of $29 million in our CMBS portfolio and $63 million in our other real estate related investments within the real estate capital line of business. A significant positive item realized during the fourth quarter was the final settlement with the IRS of the tax years 1997 through 2006, which resulted in recording a credit to income taxes of $106 million or $0.12 per common share. Turning to slide five, for the fourth quarter of 2009 the company’s taxable equivalent net income was $637 million compared to an adjusted $613 million in the third quarter. The net interest margin expanded 17 basis points to 3.04% for the fourth quarter, compared to the adjusted margin for the third quarter of 2009. The company benefited from an improved funding mix as CDs, which were booked in 2008 continued to mature and reprice at current market rates, or move in to lower cost deposit products, such as now and money market accounts. We expect this trend to continue into 2010 as we experience additional maturities of CDs booked in 2008 or earlier. This repricing opportunity will continue to benefit the net interest margin in 2010, and with respect to the first quarter, we anticipate a five to 10 basis point further expansion of the net interest margin. Turning to slide six, during the fourth quarter, the company experienced a $4.3 billion decrease in average total loan balances compared to the third quarter of 2009 and a $12.8 billion decline compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. The decline in average balances continues to reflect soft loan demand for credit from consumers and businesses, as they continue to deliver, given the uncertain economic environment. The impact of our exit portfolios, as we continue to reduce risk in the company and the elevated net charge-off levels we have experienced. The significant decline from last year is due in part to the buildup in balances experienced in the second half of 2008, as clients drew on their lines of credit given the uncertainties in the markets, only to repay them in 2009, as the financial markets improved. Until clients gain more confidences in the strength of the economic recovery, we expect loan demand to remain soft going in to 2010. In addition, we will still face head wins from the runoff of our exit portfolios and elevated net charge-offs. On a more encouraging point over the past quarter within the community banking part of our operation, we have seen a pickup in our commercial loan pipeline reports from very depressed levels observed earlier in 2009. Turning to slide seven, average deposits were down approximately $600 million from the third quarter and up $3.6 million from the same period one year ago. With respect to the individual deposit categories, we experienced an increase in DDA balances as commercial clients continued to hold higher balances to offset analyzed deposit service charges and alternative short term investment opportunities are less attractive given the low rate environment. Now and money market deposit account balance is grew as money from maturing CDs shifted back in to these accounts, as current CD rates looked less attractive to clients. We also some of these funds leave our deposit categories as individuals look for higher yields elsewhere, or invested the money in other prods such as annuities. We expect this trend to continue in to 2010 with a significant portion of money from maturing CDs, either moving back in to now and money market deposit accounts or moving to other forms of investment. As I mentioned earlier, the repricing of the CD book will also continue to benefit the net interest margin. Slide eight shows the progress we have made over the past year to improve the liquidity position of the company. On this slide, you can see the change in assets and the improved funding mix of the company over the past year. As shown on this slide, for the fourth quarter of 2009, the loan to deposit ratio stood at 98%, a significant decrease from one year ago when it was 125%. In this loan to deposit ratio, we have also included our discontinued operations balances. Turning to slide nine, net charge-offs in the fourth quarter increased to $708 million, and represented 4.64% of average total loans, compared to $587 million or 3.59% experienced in the third quarter of 2009. The increase from the third quarter was the result of charge-offs recorded on two specific customer relationships in the real estate capital line of business. The charge-offs on these two relationships accounted for $131 million of the total net charge-offs for the fourth quarter. We also continued to build reserves during the fourth quarter, however, at the lowest pace in over two years. At December 31, 2009, our reserve balance stood at a little over $2.5 billion, and represented 4.31% of total loans. In addition, our reserve for unfunded commitments increased by $27 million during the fourth quarter to $121 million, and when combined with our loan loss reserve, total reserve for credit losses represented 4.52% of total loans at December 31, 2009. Turning to slide 10, our non-performing loans stood at $2.2 billion at December 31, 2009, and our non-performing assets were $2.5 billion. These totals represented decreases of $103 million, and $298 million in non-performing loans and non-performing assets respectively from September 30, 2009. As shown in the summary of changes in non-performing loans on page 27 of the earnings release today, the net inflow of non-performing loans continue to decrease in the fourth quarter, and while still running high, was at its lowest level of 2009. Also shown on page 27 of the earnings release are, our 30 to 89 day, and 90 day or more past due loans, which continued to show improvement in the fourth quarter. These past due loans declined to their lowest level since the third quarter of 2008. Our coverage ratio of our loan loss reserves to non-performing loans increased to 116% at December 31, 2009. When combined with our reserve for unfunded commitments to our total loan loss reserve, our total allowances for credit losses represented 121% coverage of non-performing loans at December 31, 2009. In addition, non-performing loans are carried at approximately 76% of their original face values, and other real estate owned and other non-performing assets are carried at approximately 53% of their original face values. In total, we have recognized approximately $1 million in charge-offs and write-downs against these assets as of December 31, 2009. Slide 11, is a breakdown of the commercial loan portfolio by line of business. A couple of points to draw your attention to here are, first, you can see clearly the large increase in average commercial loan balances outstanding in 2008, and the subsequent decline that occurred in 2009. Also, on a quarterly basis, average balances declined significantly in the second half of 2009, as business liquidity improved and companies used this as an opportunity to refinance in the capital markets or simply used excess liquidity to pay down debt. Next, non-performing loans and net charge-offs in 2009 were driven by the real estate capital line of business within national banking. This line of business accounted for approximately 31% of the outstanding average commercial loan balances, 55% of the commercial non-performing loans, and 66% of the commercial loan net charge-offs experienced in 2009. In the appendix, we’ve included additional schedules with respect to our various loan portfolios for your review. Now concluding, with our capital ratios on slide 12, at December 31, 2009, our tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio was 7.56%, our Tier 1 common equity ratio was 7.46%, and our Tier 1 risk based capital ratio was 12.68%. All of our capital ratios remain strong. This along with the company’s improved liquidity positions us well to weather the current credit cycle, and to continue to serve our client’s needs. That concludes our remarks, and now I’ll turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q-and-A segment of our call, operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Could you talk a little bit about the outlook for NIM and the impact you anticipate from rising rate environment?
Jeff Weeden: Betsy, this is Jeff Weeden. I think in terms of how we’ve described the opportunity in the net interest margin is the directionally we’re calling for it to expand in 2010. The specific guidance that we provided was for approximately 5 to 10 basis points further improvement in the first quarter. We are positioned currently in a very asset sensitive nature. So for rising rates, the company will benefit. This is probably the most asset sensitive we’ve been as a company, at least in my tenure here at the company.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: What is the baseline expectation for rate rise that drives to 5 to 10 BIPS increase?
Jeff Weeden: There really isn’t any rate rise that’s anticipated for the first quarter. That is driven by the fact we have a CD book that was put on in 2008 that continues to roll off here through the first three quarters of 2010.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: So could you just give us a sense of your NIM impact, if you anticipate rate rice? If rates were to go up 100 BIPS what is the impact?
Jeff Weeden: We basically have done a 200 basis point rise, which we would typically do over a ramp time period, and the impact we would have on that versus a baseline would be about 3.3%.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: 3.3% increase in NII?
Jeff Weeden: Versus the baseline; that is correct.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Then could you talk a little bit about what you think the organization can generate in terms of normalized ROA or ROE when we get there? I know it’s still a little bit in the distance, but line of sight is improving and the business mix did shift a little bit during this downturn. So could you just give us your sense as to what you think the organization can generate?
Jeff Weeden: Betsy, I think in terms of we haven’t provided specifics in that particular area, but as a general rule, as we continue to work our way through the credit cycle and we feel that we’re still a long ways away from what we would call normal credit conditions. So we’re talking beyond 2010. Credit charge-offs will still remain elevated in the current time. We still have elevated cost in place. Our key initiatives continue to move forward. We’ve talked about that. We won’t be at the full run rate on that until 2012, but clearly given the shift in the business mix and the continued refocusing of the company to have a more efficient and effective balance sheet and organization. I think in terms of the industry and for Key, we’re probably looking at a 1% to 1.25% return on assets.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Then last on TARP, could you give us an update as to how you’re thinking about that?
Henry Meyer: Betsy, this is Henry. We’re continuing to work the position Key to repay TARP as soon as possible and practical. We’ll do so as part of our overall Capital Management plans, and in a way that maintains the company’s strong balance sheet position. Right now it’s premature to speculate on that timing or any change in our capital structure that may be needed to do that, but we’re continuing to keep that on our radar screen.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: So it’s hard to say is it going to be within the next year or so?
Henry Meyer: We haven’t provided any specific guidance with respect to the repayment of TARP at this particular juncture.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nancy Bush - NAB Research.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Henry, this is one of these longer term questions as well. I think everybody would can see that you’ve done a very, very good job of shrink the company, shrinking the risk portion of the company, really getting through the credit cycle and you’re beginning to see the other side of that.  I guess the question would be how do you get out of the shrinkage mode in to the growth mode? Since you in several markets where you don’t have top market shares, I mean is there any thought about a longer term sort of restructuring of the company as far as your geographic emphasis?
Henry Meyer: Nancy, you’ve followed us for a long time and I’ve said before that there’s no geography that’s currently a part of Key that has a lifetime contract. We continue to look at the returns that we get from different geographies and lines of business. We’re constantly reviewing that, but we do think that there are going to be opportunities here beyond working through the FDIC troubled list, I happen to believe that there’s going to be consolidation in the banking industry and I think strong capital positions and good business models are going to be the winners there. As we have said, we’re shifting our business mix a little bit away from the national banking group, primarily some of the national consumer businesses that don’t give us the hurdle rate returns that we need and investing that in the community bank, not only in the effort to continue to be better self funded, which we’re now, under 100% loan to deposit, but also in the small business and middle market areas and looking at the synergies across the Key franchise, including using some of the products and services that the national bank provides. So we don’t think we’re limited in terms of where those growth opportunities are. We do think that we have got this transition period where we’re working our way out of the exit portfolio and continuing to focus on growth in effect running to stay even, but as that exit portfolio wins its way down, we’ll be able to see the kind of growth primarily around our core relationship businesses. That, again we think is going to put us in good position.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: What is your thought about becoming bigger and more concentrated in the Midwest I mean, given that the economic outlook, I’m sure is going to remain subdued there for a while, but that still is your major geography, do you want to be bigger in the Midwest, bigger in the Pacific Northwest, where would your preference be?
Henry Meyer: Yes. Yes and yes, the truth is that we don’t have the market share in some of our Rockies and Northwest states, but in the micro markets that we’re in, we actually have very competitive share positions, but we have been saying, again, pretty consistently for sometime that we would like to be one, two, or three, or 10% in terms of market share, because we think that positioning maximizes profit potential and we have been looking at FDIC assisted deals. Unfortunately as I think everyone knows I think I’m right when I say that Georgia has been the number 1 state, and number 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 aren’t in our marketplace. There is some good in that and there’s some negative in that we haven’t seen the opportunities that we would like, but, again beyond that and you started out by saying, Nancy, that this is a longer term view, we’re trying to position Key to be an acquirer or in what I think will be an inevitable consolidation that will happen over the next couple of years, not necessarily the first half of 2010.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Just quick questions for Jeff, Jeff are you at the end of shrinkage at this point; I mean have you shrunk as far as you can in these risk areas?
Jeff Weeden: What we still have Nancy the additional runoff that’s going to occur. If you look at the elevated charge-off levels that we have experienced and our guidance is that charge-off should be less in 2010 than in 2009, but they are still going to remain elevated. Just doing replacing that takes quite a little bit of effort in this particular economy. I think until we see people have more confidence in the overall strength of the economy and while we’re seeing some pickup in the loan pipeline within the community bank, we still we would not call it robust at this point in time, so it’s going to be a while and I think we’re going to continue to see pressure on those loan books and they are truly going to then shift over to in to the investment portfolio and be stored there, until we see opportunities to redeploy that back in to the lending areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo - CLSA.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: You mentioned some one timer that is for make sure I have them all. You said you benefited by $0.12 from the tax benefit and then you got hurt by $0.07 from some CMBS holdings of $92 million, but I saw some other things in the press release, so I guess you had some hedge on debt instruments, where you lost $39 million? You had investment losses on real estate of negative $34 million, and it looks like you had some fair value adjustments on derivatives negative $16 million.
Jeff Weeden: Those were all in 2008, Mike. Those were 2008 items, which you were just listing off with the exception of the tax benefit that we recorded here in the current fourth quarter. Now the $92 million or $0.07 as you were referring to on CMBS also involved other real estate related investments. So we have direct as well as co-managed fund investments that we did have some losses on continued write-downs in the fourth quarter.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: You had $80 million from principal investing this quarter?
Jeff Weeden: Yes, that’s the gross amount, its $44 million after the portion that’s attributable to others. So we have a portion of that under the accounting rules, we have a gross amount of $80 million, but net to Key is $44 million. So we’ve actually broken that out in the press release. I believe that’s on page three of the press release. You can see that, perhaps more clearly on that table.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: So should we think of that is non-permanent?
Jeff Weeden: I would think in terms of the principal investing, if you look we had losses early in the year, again in the end of the year, for the entire year, I believe it netted down to about $4 million or so of the net loss. So I would view that as volatile and non-recurring.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Just more generally, that the gap between your pre-provision, pre-tax profits and your level of loan losses is very wide, and as long as it stays wide, I guess your book value will continue to go down quarter-after-quarter. How should we think about when that might not be the case anymore? In other words, you either need the revenues to go up, or the losses to go down, when you think those lines will intersect again.
Jeff Weeden: Also our expenses coming down too I would say Mike, so in terms of improving the pre-provision profitability, and looking at the cost side, clearly costs are elevated at this particular juncture as we tackle some of the more problem areas of the company. I think in terms of when we expect to, quote unquote, be profitable, we’re not providing that specific guidance, but I would think in terms of looking at 2010 in the whole, clearly losses we expect to remain elevated as we enter in to 2010, and that costs will be a continuing focal point for us. Margin expanding here will be beneficial to profitability of the company, but we also, as mentioned earlier, there’s still pressure on average earning assets, just as these loan portfolios continue to work themselves down. So we haven’t given specific guidance on when that profit turnover point is, but it is out, obviously in our own plans in to the future.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: In terms of these elevated costs, the expenses that are elevated due to the problem assets, can you quantify that a little bit, because whenever we get back to normal, that will be gone.
Jeff Weeden: That’s correct. So I think if you look at for example, in the fourth quarter, professional fees shot up as we addressed a number of issues that we faced in some of these assets. They’re probably about $20 million higher here in the fourth quarter than what they were running the reserve for unfunded commitments. In the fourth quarter, we actually made an adjustment based upon our prior three year history here with respect to just loss given default ratio rates. As a result of that, even though commits didn’t change that much, and as Henry commented on earlier, criticize and classified actually improved during the fourth quarter, but our updated loss given default rates increased, given that most recent history. So that drove some of that increase in the reserve for unfunded commitments. Now, of course, as we have continued migration of credit going the other direction at some point, that will actually bring down that reserve. So that was $27 million in the fourth quarter, and then I think if we look at some other things we’ve made some adjustments with respect to our pension here in the company. So the pension plan was froze effective as of January 1, so there won’t be anymore new entrants, so there’s still, it’s a cash balance financial still the interest credited to the balances that are out there, but that will also save us going forward anywhere $5 million to $10 million per quarter and then I think if you look at just other real estate costs, going back through time, we basically used to run in the $5 million a quarter range. That’s been up as high as $50 million. There was $25 million in the fourth quarter. So overtime that will also normalize.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: So we’re getting almost close to $100 million in expenses that will go away ballpark?
Jeff Weeden: Ballpark.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Then very last question, I mean the actual level losses went up a lot from 3.59% to 4.64%. It seems like real estate commercial mortgage is the main reason that was a big jump. Was there anything, kind of one time unique there? Why so much of a jump this quarter?
Henry Meyer: We put in the press release Mike, there are two credits that really drove the increase and I’ll let, Chuck will comment on those particular credits.
Chuck Hyle: Mike, there were two real estate transactions that were really large by our standards. One of them was a highly structured mezzanine transaction. We have a very small mezzanine portfolio and I think it’s down to about $280 million. So this was one that had many levels it to, very complex structure. The underlying cash flows were actually holding up relatively well, but the structure was the Achilles Heel and so we recognized that loss. The other transaction was a very large multi-bank, essentially residential real estate transaction that was sort of a late stage transaction and we all know what has happened in the residential real estate side of things. A lot of the land associated with this deal is in the Southeast and as we have said before, we have pretty aggressively attacked our residential real estate business, and shrunk that portfolio. This was one that was actually something of a hung syndication, a bit larger than we would normally have. We didn’t have a very good view of where residential land prices were going. So we sold the asset during the course of the fourth quarter and inline with what our expectations of other sales have been over the last couple of quarters and put it behind us and again, as we’ve outlined in previous quarters, we’ve attacked that subset of the real estate portfolio quite aggressively, and it’s getting down to fairly small numbers.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: That’s probably kind of just, I wouldn’t call it onetime, but you wouldn’t expect to see that repeat in the first quarter?
Chuck Hyle: That is not our expectation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Ken Usdin - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Just a follow-up on the outlook and how the cycle progresses, taking the context that you are expecting charge-offs to be lower year-over-year. I’m just wondering the magnitude of reverse build has obviously shrunk a good amount and continued through this quarter. The reserve is up to 4.3, you have this nice churn in MPAs. What’s the outlook for having to build additionally to the reserve from here? At what point would you expect that actually be matching if not even releasing as this book continues to shrink so meaningfully?
Jeff Weeden: I think what we have to look at each and other quarter and we have seen improvement in the overall non-performers here. So you saw less of a reserve build, but I think what we are still guarded about is the strength of the overall U.S. economy and so as we get further into this recovery, that’s taking shape here. There will be a time and I don’t believe it’s in the too distant future, where we will actually end up matching. As you said actually reserves will start to comedown as we go through the cycle. Part of the leading indicators that we have here are criticizing classified coming down, as well as non-performing loans coming down, and we experienced that in the fourth quarter, but charge-offs, as we also reported on were high in the fourth quarter.
Ken Usdin - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Can you give us a sense of magnitude on how your credit class acted versus the prior quarters?
Henry Meyer: I think in terms of, Chuck can comment on that particular subject.
Chuck Hyle: Ken, I think that we were very encouraged by how the criticized classified book worked through in the fourth quarter. We saw a good migration in the right direction. I think one of the things that I look at a lot is the ratio of upgrades to down grades and what comes in and what goes out, and that ratio has improved quite materially over the last coup of quarters. So I think it’s a good indicator of our efforts to attack the portfolio pretty aggressively, and early on, when we see a particular issue and as a result, criticized classified are not just migrating better, but also paying down. So I think we’re encouraged by that, as we all know through the cycle, we tend to see the early movements and the criticized classified it flows through the delinquencies and MPLs and MPSs and in to charge-offs overtime, but we have been pretty encouraged really across almost all of our portfolios on the change of tone in the criticized classified categories.
Ken Usdin - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: One quick follow-up just on CRE, MPOs were pretty flat there, but obviously there was a nice mix shift kind of add of the residential, but into the multifamily, and I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on that sub bucket of the portfolio, and what trends you seeing within some of those categories with income produce that actually did show increases like multifamily and land and such?
Henry Meyer: Yes, I would say, multifamily is an interesting asset class, because, our expectation, as we have said on previous calls, is that loss content in multifamily will be relatively modest through the cycle. The issue is how it ramps up during the rental intake and we have been encouraged by a couple of things. One, the primary one is that absorption rates in virtually all states, even the four states that have been most materially impacted by the residential downturn have held up pretty well. The negative is that concessions or free rent months or whatever has clearly been a part of this process, so our expectation is that while we see some drift in to MPL and delinquency, overtime our expectation is that most of this will reserve itself, so it’s really more of a timing issue. The other comment I would make and this accounts for a portion of the increase in the MPL side for this quarter, is that we have done a number of TDRs, trouble debt restructurings and a good portion of our TDRs, which I would you can find in the press release but it’s about $360 million for the fourth quarter, is an up tick in the NPLs, but our expectation as we have restructured those deals, is they will come back in to accruing over the next one, two, or three quarters. So I think that’s a little bit of a temporary aberration in the MPL side.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jessica Halenda - FBR Capital Markets.
Jessica Halenda - FBR Capital Markets :  This actually Jessica Halenda in for Paul Miller, I was just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on your progress in the exit portfolio, and, we saw a big jump last quarter, it looks like the balance has come down a bit this quarter, but are you primarily reading to run this down are you actually trying to sell any portion of it and I guess what kind of prepayment speeds are you seeing in these portfolios?
Jeff Weeden: We have the exit portfolio both in the press release it’s included there. It’s also on slide 21 of our materials for this conference call. Looking at the various portfolios that are there, obviously on the residential property side, which is down now to about $431 million at the end of the year, that one we’re continuing to work our way down, sell properties, get cash and continue just liquidating on out that particular book. The marine and RV floor plan, that’s one that is going to be dependant on some refinancing taking place in the industry. So, that will can go in ebbs and flows we had good activity in the third quarter, it slows down typically this time of year, so fourth quarter and then you should see some pickup obviously as we get in to 2010, later in the spring. The commercial lease portfolio, there’s a portion of that this is a little over a billion dollars that is going to be our leverage lease book. Those are very long lives. The rest of it has a shorter duration on it and we’ll continue to pay down, but the leverage lease part of it so going to kind of go in ebbs and flows on that. Home equity and national banking is just going there really isn’t much of a market for these particular credit, so you’re talking about something that’s going to take a longer period of time to pay down, the same with marine. So if marine activity picks up, if the economy picks up, we would expect that people would trade in boats and look for new boats, and that would cause that prepayment speed to pick up, but this is certainly, kind of the slow time of the year for that, and the other it is just miscellaneous RV and other consumer loans, and that’s got a longer tail on it.
Jessica Halenda - FBR Capital Markets: Then just also one more question, in terms of investment banking in capital markets, we’ve seen a loss of two quarters in a row. Can you talk a little bit more about expectations going forward, and how we should think about that?
Jeff Weeden: I think if you look at actually the press release, and look at the schedule that’s on page 23, you’ll see that within that the investment banking capital markets area, investment banking income was actually up about $22 million year-over-year, and grew by $7 million here in the fourth quarter versus the first quarter. So why would I call it pure investment banking-related activities, actually has been doing quite well. What has not been doing well, obviously are some of the portfolios that we have on a held-for-sale basis, or that have are on a mark-to-market accounting, and that would involve the CMBS bonds, that are now down to $29 million remaining carrying value, and our investments in the real estate area with respect to either direct investments or co-managed funds. We had a large market on those in the current quarter, and those remaining carrying values now are down to about $63 million. At some point in time in the not-too-distant future, we’re going to be in a position where it will get back to a more normal fee revenue flow in that particular area, and you won’t see those numbers coming through. Eventually, these properties and other investments may actually be written up at some time in the future, but we’re not counting on that, certainly anytime in the near term.
Jessica Halenda - FBR Capital Markets: How do those carrying values relate to the par value of the bonds?
Jeff Weeden: The par value of the bonds, the $29 million, par value is $101.8 million, and with respect to the other investments, of those that are remaining on the books with the carrying value they’re about 51%. So already have written-off a number of them down to zero and those are not included in that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Question I have for you is there any pressure from the regulators or treasury to payback TARP faster than what you have maybe planned to do similar to what we saw at the end of last year with some of our very large banks in this country?
Jeff Weeden: We have not experienced any sway from our regulators. They’re not pushing us to do it. They’re not pushing us not to do it. It’s up to us to figure out what the right time is for Key for our earnings, and for our capital, but I can say pretty definitively that the regulators have not been involved in any sway on that issue.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Chuck, you mentioned the restructured loans, and I think you said they were up over $300 million or about $360 million in the quarter. Could you remind us what they need to do to come off of restructuring and then go back into the portfolio? How many months do they need to pay you on the new terms? If I recall they have to go through calendar year end as well?
Chuck Hyle: That’s correct, Gerard, it has to go over a calendar year end, what’s not surprising there’s more activity in this we’re on the fourth quarter, but it’s basically six months of performance under whatever the new structure is.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Can you share with us, what will it take for you guys to see in terms of credit where you’re comfortable to say that the loan loss reserves are now sufficient? There’s no need to continue to build them up? Will it be the inflows of new non-performing assets? It will be net charge-offs? What are some of the metrics that you guys are monitoring carefully to determine when you finish, building up the reserve.
Chuck Hyle: Gerard, we look at a lot of different metrics, as you can imagine. The pipeline we look at with the impact on criticized classified, so we have a watch list, which is pre-criticized classified. We look at migration patterns. We look at just a ton of things trying to determine where things are going. The calculation of our allowance is very quantitative, although clearly there is some judgment in it, but it’s largely quantitative. Jeff referenced earlier, some of our methodological changes as we review loss rates, particularly through this very difficult cycle, and we do a lot of back testing on our models, trying to get it as close to quantifying the risk in our portfolio as we possibly can, so we look at all of those factors. We look at as I said earlier, the upgrade, downgrade ratios and flows, and migratory patterns, and that’s how we reach our concludes on how large the allowance should be, but most of those trends, as we said earlier, are moving in the right direction now, particularly in the fourth quarter for us. Therefore, we are certainly getting closer to a point where, provision will be pretty close to charge-offs, and, we just need to keep working our way through that. Each month gets a little bit better, and so much really does depend on how the economic cycle is going to pan out. We’re still looking added to be relatively modest improvement, but we’re watching it very closely like everyone else is.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: I know this is a tough question to answer, but when you look over the valley on credit, and we are sitting here possibly in 2012 and looking back on this time period, do you guys get any sense from the regulators or your own interpretation of an I know its different very company base on loan portfolio, but just using a metric of loan loss reserves to total loans, for example, do you get a sense of where they may settle out in the long run, 175 basis points, 200 basis points of loans, or will banks be required to carry 400 basis points of reserve to loans as a normal number?
Henry Meyer: I think that’s a really hard one to predict. We look at a lot of different things. We talk to a lot of different people and this has been a very unusual and difficult and complicated credit cycle and I think we’re going to have to get closer to the other shore to try to figure out the answers to those particular questions.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Moving over to the securities portfolio, that has been one of the areas of real growth for you guys. What is the duration of the securities portfolio?
Jeff Weeden: The duration of the securities portfolio is 3.0 years.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: If the Federal Reserve was to raise short term interest rates, let’s say starting in July, and by the end of this year, we have a fed funds rate of 150 basis points, the long end of the curve is 4.75, something like that. What would that is there any extension risk? Or how much extension risk might be in that portfolio under that scenario.
Joe Vayda: This is Joe Vayda, and on your question on the duration extension in the portfolio, most of the portfolio is in mortgage backed securities, but you need to recognize that most of it is in short trench structured CMO product, and we’re careful that what we buy has limited extension risk, so the answer to your question within that its probably a year, year and a half under the rate scenario that you are describing, as far as an increase in the average life of that component of the portfolio.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Joe, would transcend in to duration of the total portfolio going up to 3.5 years then, or is that too conservative?
Joe Vayda: Under your what if scenario, probably in the four year area.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Placet - Deutsche Bank.
Rob Placet - Deutsche Bank: This is Rob Placet from Matt’s team. Thanks for taking my question. Just in terms of the balance sheet, any sense of what level and when your core loan balances may bottom?
Jeff Weeden: This is Jeff Weeden. I think what we look at on the loan balances we have to determine, really, when we think the underlying demand is going to come back more readily from our customers across the entire spectrum of our businesses. So, at this particular juncture, we’re not providing that type of guidance. We do believe that as we made it in our comments that we expect to see loan balances continue to decline and be under pressure because of what we mentioned earlier of the exit portfolios that we have, soft demand on the part of our clients, as well as still elevated charge-off levels that we expect to continue to experience.
Operator: Your final question comes from Nancy Bush - NAB Research.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Just a quick follow-up for Chuck, please; Chuck, you mentioned your real estate exposure in the Southeast and there’s been a bit of press in the last few days on the outlook of Atlanta and some other big projects there. Could you just tell us what you have got in Atlanta?
Jeff Weeden: Nancy, this is Jeff Weeden. If you look at page 17 of our earnings release deck that we put out. You’ll see the various regions and the entire Southeast region. In our non-owner occupied area, about $2.2 billion. That includes the map, its a little much broader area that we’ve had before. I don’t know if we have the map in this particular deck, but it’s a broader area than just obviously the Atlanta or Georgia area, and it covers a number of different property types.
Chuck Hyle: It goes all the way up to D.C., so it is quite a wide geographic area. I would probably say anecdotally, Nancy, that a couple of years ago, we didn’t like some of the dynamics in the Atlanta area. So we sold a number of projects, particularly in the multifamily area out of Atlanta. So we don’t have a major presence there, but we’ve been very careful, particularly in condominiums and other areas in terms of the Southeast. So we’ve pulled back earlier than most, I think. So that may give you some flavor for where we are there.
Operator: With no further questions in the queue, I’d like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Henry Meyer for any additional or closing remarks.
Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator. Again, we thank you all for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our investor relations team, Vernon Patterson or Chris Sikora, at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks. Again, thank you and have a great day.
Operator: That does conclude today’s presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Henry L. Meyer III - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President  Beth E. Mooney - Vice Chairman Peter D. Hancock - Vice Chairman  Charles S. Hyle - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer  Joseph M. Vayda - Executive Vice President and Treasurer 
Analysts:  Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Todd Hagerman - Collins Stewart Anand Krishnan - Fore Research & Management Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets David George - Robert W. Baird Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Aaron Foley - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Mike Holton - The Boston Company Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Bob Patten - Morgan Keegan
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's 2009 third quarter earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry Meyer. Mr. Meyer, please go ahead, sir.
Henry L. Meyer III: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Joining me in today's presentation is our CFO Jeff Weeden, and available for the Q&A portion of our call, our Vice Chairs Beth Mooney and Peter Hancock, Chief Risk Officer Chuck Hyle, and our Treasurer Joe Vayda. Slide two is our forward looking disclosure statement. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question and answer segment of our call today.  Now if you turn to slide three, today we announced a net loss from continuing operations attributable to key commons shareholders of $422 million of $0.50 per common share. While our results continue to be impacted by the difficult operating environment we believe the aggressive actions we've taken to address credit quality, strengthen capital and liquidity, and reshape our business mix, position us to meet the challenges posed by the current environment and to emerge as a more competitive company as the economy rebounds. We are encouraged that the pace of deterioration in the economy appears to have slowed, however, we remain conservative on our outlook and expect conditions to remain challenging into next year.  One of our primary areas of focus has been on building and maintaining a strong balance sheet. In August we completed a series of capital raises and exchanges that in total have generated approximately $2.4 billion of new Tier 1 common equity. At September 30th, 2009, our Tier 1 common equity ratio was a strong 7.63%, and our Tier 1 risk based capital ratio was also a strong 12.61%. During the third quarter we continue to build our loan loss reserve by taking a $733 million loan loss provision which exceeded our net charge-offs by $146 million. At the end of the quarter, our allowance for loan losses was $2.5 billion and represent 4% of total loans. We have strengthened our liquidity and funding positions over the past year by reducing our reliance on wholesale funding and increasing the portion of earning assets invested in highly liquid securities. Average deposits were up 6% from the year ago period with growth in both community banking and the national banking group. Proactively addressing credit quality continues as one of our top priorities. In the third quarter we saw an increase in nonperforming assets, but at as lower pace than in recent quarters, and most of that increase was attributable to the commercial real estate portfolio. In the third quarter we continue to take aggressive steps to reduce exposure to our commercial real estate and institutional portfolios through the sale of selected assets. Jeff will discuss the actions taken in his remarks and comment on the marks taken on the various assets during the third quarter. While we continue to make progress on reducing exposures in targeted portfolios, we expect that credit quality trends will likely remain under pressure until we see meaningful improvement in the economy. Another priority has been continuing to sharpen our focus on our relationship businesses by investing in those areas where we can be most competitive and exiting businesses that have not generated appropriate risk-adjusted returns. In community banking we have installed new technology to improve the client experience and we have continued our multiyear investment in our 14 state branch network. We've opened 32 branches in eight markets in 2009 and will have completed approximately 160 branch renovations by the end of the year.  These investments have further enhanced our competitive position and improved service quality. As I mentioned before, Business Week recognized Key as the top rated bank, 11th overall, in its customer service champ survey for 2009. I'm also very pleased that last month KeyBank was awarded an outstanding rating for the Community Reinvestment Act for serving the needs of low and moderate income communities . Key is the only national bank among the 50 larges to be rated outstanding by the OCC seven review periods in a row dating back to when the act was created in the mid-1970s.  Executing on our relationship strategies has also required us to make some difficult decisions to exit certain businesses. Earlier this month we announced that we were exiting the government guaranteed education lending business. This followed our earlier actions to exit private student lending. Key will continue to serve the education segment by leveraging our strength and payment processing and liquidity management. In our equipment leasing business re have realigned our resources with our most profitable business segments and will cease conducting business in both the commercial vehicle and office equipment leasing markets. And we continue to make progress on Key-Volution, which is our corporate-wide initiative designed to simplify internal processes and improve both client service and speed to market. Slide four shows the opportunity that Key-Volution represents over the next couple of years. Initiatives that have already been implemented will result in an annualized cost savings run rate of $121 million with an additional $60 million in flight. There are approximately $76 million in onetime costs and investments including severance associated with these savings opportunities.  We have identified additional targeted Key-Volution benefits of $119-$194 million, which, along with other implemented or in flight initiatives, will produce total annualized run-rate cost savings of $300-$375 million with a significant portion captured over the next two years and the full run rate achieved in 2012. We continue to make progress on the initiatives that we have discussed last quarter around sales force realignment and call center consolidation. Recent actions include strengthening our procurement organizations and leveraging the risk that has been done in the community bak to develop robust sales tools and disciplines that can be used throughout the company. In a procurement area, we are managing demand more effectively and improving our purchasing practices while building deeper more strategic relationships with our vendors. Cost savings will be derived in partnership with vendors who can help us identify ways of conducting business more efficiently and effectively and provide pricing benefits available through scale. Key-Volution remains a critical component of our strategy to improve profitability by streamlining our processes to improve responsiveness and efficiency. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff Weeden for a review of our financial results.
Jeffrey B. Weeden : Thank you, Henry. Slide five provides a summary of the company's third quarter 2009 results from continued operations. Unless otherwise noted, our comments today will be with regard to our continuing operations which exclude our educational lending activities which Henry commented on earlier. For the third quarter, the company incurred a net loss of $0.50 per common share. Earnings continued to be impacted by elevated credit costs as we continue to work our way through the current credit cycle. I'll comment in a moment on the credit quality as we review our asset quality slides.  In addition, we incurred negative marks which impacted non-interest income and costs related to certain holdings tied to commercial real estate during the third quarter. Some of these marks relate to CMBS bonds held in our trading account and carried at market values of approximately 44% of face value. The remaining carrying value is now down to $45 million. We also have investments with remaining carrying values of approximately $138 million in our Funds Management Group within the real estate capital line of business. These investments which represent direct as well as our portion of funds which we co manage, are now carried at approximately 60% of our original investment. While not listed here as a significant item, we incurred an increase in other real estate owned expense in the third quarter as we sold or aggressively marked down our holdings in these areas. And we incurred a non-cash charge of $45 million during the third quarter related to impairment of intangible assets other than goodwill within our equipment-finance line of business. This charge is a result of our recent decision to cease lending in certain equipment leasing markets. Turning to slide six, for the third quarter of 2009, the company's taxable equivalent net interest income adjusted for early terminations of certain leverage lease financing arrangements was $613 million compared with $591 million in the previous quarter. The adjusted net interest margin was 2.87% for the third quarter, up 10 basis points from the second quarter of this year.  The company benefited from an improved funding mix and pricing on interest bearing liabilities during the third quarter. We expect this trend to continue into the fourth quarter as we expend additional maturities in our CD book and repricing to current market rates which will benefit the net interest margin. Turning to slide seven, during the third quarter the company experienced a $3.9 billion decrease in average total loan balances compared to the second quarter of 2009, and a $7.7 billion decline compared to the third quarter of 2008.  The decline in average balances reflects the soft demand for credit on the part of commercial customers due to the weak economic conditions and continuing pay-downs on our portfolios. The trend we experienced appears to be consistent with FED data we reviewed which shows that consumers and businesses are continuing to deliver. We have also identified on this slide our exit portfolios which we have updated for certain leasing portfolios and the educational lending portfolio which was moved to discontinued operations. Compared to the third quarter of 2008, the average balance of our exit portfolios, including discontinued operations, has declined $2.8 billion.  Also, in the appendix of today's materials, we have included for your review, additional information with respect to the exit portfolios including net charge-offs and nonperforming loans by portfolio. Turning to slide eight, average deposits were up $600 million from the second quarter and increased $5.7 billion from the same period one year ago. With respect to the individual deposit categories, we continued to see increases in DDA balances given the low rate environment and the safety these accounts offer commercial clients. In addition, we began to see money shifting back into now and MMDA deposits as higher rate CDs originated in 2008 matured and current CD rates looked less attractive to clients. As mentioned earlier, expect to see this trend with CD balances coming down in coming quarters as repricing of this portfolio continues. This should continue to benefit the net interest margin. Turning to slide nine, over the past four quarters the company's liquidity position has significantly improved. As discussed on the prior two slides, the company has experienced a significant shift in its balance sheet with loans declining and deposits increasing. The company has used this increased liquidity to grow its investment portfolio and reduce its wholesale borrowings. Over the past four quarters, the company's average balance in investment securities has increased from $8.9 billion to $17.4 billion and our borrowed funds position has declined by almost $9 billion. As can be seen on this slide, our average balance loan to deposit ratio improved to 103% during the third quarter of 2009 from 126% one year ago. We have also included in this ratio, the loans from discontinued operations as we believe this is a more conservative way to view the ratio. Turning to slide 10, our nonperforming loans stood at $2.3 billion at September 30th, 2009, and our nonperforming assets were $2.8 billion. Nonperforming loans were up $105 million from the second quarter and nonperforming assets increased $251 million. As shown in the summary of changes in nonperforming loans on page 28 of the earnings release today, the net inflow of nonperforming loan slowed when compared to the prior two quarters, and we receive more payments on NPLs in the third quarter than the first quarter and second quarters combined. During the third quarter we continued to aggressively deal with our problem assets. At the end of the quarter we had $304 million of nonperforming loans in a held for sale category with many of these contracted for sale as of September 30th and subsequently closed during October. Overall, nonperforming loans are carried at 76% of their original face value and nonperforming loans held for sale are being carried at 67% of original face. With respect to other real estate owned, we sold a number of properties during the third quarter and we took additional marks on the remaining portfolio. At September 30, 2009 we are carrying other real estate owned and other nonperforming assets at approximately 52% of their original face values. Turning to slide 11, net charge-offs in the third quarter remained elevated at $587 million or 3.59% of average total loans, which was up from $502 million or 2.93% experienced in the second quarter of 2009. While net charge-offs in almost all loan categories remained elevated the increase from the second quarter was largely due to continued weakness in the commercial real estate construction portfolio. We also continued to build reserves during the third quarter, however, at a slower pace than the prior several quarters. At September 30th, 2009, our reserve balances stood at approximately $2.5 billion and represented 4.0% of total loans and 109% of nonperforming loans. Slide 12 is a snapshot of our commercial real estate portfolio at September 30th, 2009, with a comparison to the second quarter of this year. We have additional information with respect to our commercial real estate portfolio located in the appendix of today's materials. As shown on this slide, our total outstanding balances declined in all categories of CRE during the third quarter compared to June 30, 2009, while we experienced an increase in nonperforming loans and net charge-offs compared to the second quarter. As we have been commenting on for several quarters now, we continue to see negative migration within the retail properties category with nonperforming assets eclipsing 10% of outstanding balances as of September 30th, 2009. At the same time, we saw a decrease in nonperforming loans within the residential properties category and we have significantly reduced risk in this portfolio over the past two years as can be seen on the next slide. Since the first quarter of 2008, we have reduced our residential properties exposure by over $2.1 billion or almost 60%, to $1.5 billion at September 30, 2009. Also shown on this slide are the reductions achieved in California and Florida exposures, to states which experienced significant downturns in the residential real estate market early in the cycle. The shaded portions of the bars represent the nonperforming loans within the totals. And finally, turning to our capital ratios on slide 14, at September 30th, 2009 our tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio was 7.58%. And as Henry commented on earlier in his remarks, our Tier 1 common equity ratio was 7.63% and our Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 12.61%. All of our capita ratios remain strong, and along with the company's improved liquidity, positions us well to continue to attack the current credit cycle dealing with the challenges ahead and being able to serve our client's needs in the future. That concludes our remarks. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. 
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) And we go first with Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse:  Thanks and good morning. Just a few questions here, first on the nonperforming loan roll forward in the press release, page 28. I am looking at the inflow of NPLs which only decline modestly which mean the NPL growth deceleration was really caused by an increase in payments and dispositions. How easy is the current run rate above $300 million to reoccur in the fourth quarter? Because it actually picked up a lot sequentially.
Jeffrey B. Weeden : Well, certainly Chuck can comment on this too, but I think we've seen improved liquidity in the market that started in the second quarter and really continued into the third quarter. It remains to be seen, obviously, how that liquidity continues on with all the rest of the assets that are obviously out there from other institutions as well as the FDIC, but we remain positive that liquidity will be there.  It's a question obviously then of price and we have been moving forward to seal a number of these loans, as well as working with our clients, and some of course of what's coming in on payment share payments from clients that also occurred during the current quarter. As to whether that remains, we've got to see kind of how the economy continues to progress here and while we're very, very cautious on it, the tone is better, but it's not what we would call back to a normal at this point in time. 
Charles S. Hyle: I think Jeff has covered it well that the tone has definitely improved quarter over quarter and we're seeing it really in a slightly wider range of assets as well, both straight in loan sales as well as OREO sales. So, not a great torrent, but certainly an improved flow over the last quarter.
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse: And then just actually looking at your CF&A segment, really your C&I segment, I'm wondering what drove the pickup in the NPLs in the second quarter, and then this level continued to be really flat in the third quarter — I was wondering if there was several large loans in the second quarter balance? And if you look at it on a Y-9C filing basis, the growth rate was actually higher in the second quarter than I think you guys report here. So I'm wondering if there's anything kind of unusual in that second quarter results which could have came out?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, part of what you would see in the CF&A total, and I think if you're looking at the FRY-9, also looking at the equipment, what's classified here as commercial lease financing. That may be also driving part of what you're looking at there, so it's broken out as a separate line item here.
Henry L. Meyer III: I think the other comment I would make is that there were a couple of names on the institutional side that we referenced in the second quarter, several around the media space, and one or two other areas — pretty isolated, but that drove part of the second quarter. And the third quarter number, we took advantage of liquidity in the corporate loan market and sold probably about $160 plus million out of the corporate portfolio that were either NPL or heading towards NPL and we took the opportunity to clean those up probably at a weighted average price north of $0.85 on the dollar.
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Foran with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. As we think about pre-provision outlook, and I'm sorry if I missed any of this in the beginning, but you can just touch on three line items which would be whether this OREO expense is kind of a new run-rate of artificially elevated? The trust and investment services line item, why was that down, and should we expect it to go further down or grow going forward? And then third, what should we look forward to make investment banking and cap markets turn back into a positive revenue contributor. Is it commercial real estate prices, or what needs to happen to kind of stabilize those losses?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. Well, with respect to ORE expenses, we were very aggressive here in the third quarter. We went through and we moved a lot of properties. If you look at the overall amount, I guess referring one other item back to that flow on page 28, we had $94 million of property that was moved to ORE out of nonperforming loans in the current quarter, and yet if you look above on that same page, you'll see that net other real estate owned actually declined in the current quarter from $171 million to $147 million in the prior quarter. So we were very aggressive on dealing with other real estate in the third quarter. Now, as part of that, of course you saw other real estate expense increase to $51 million during the third quarter and that was up $36 million from the second quarter and also $46 million from the prior year. I think in terms of what that run rate is, it's going to be elevated from where it was in the second quarter. I'm not sure I can predict exactly where it will be in the fourth quarter, but it will be higher obviously, than when it was a year ago, just because we are now seeing some liquidity in the marketplace and we need to move that property on through. And it will be awhile before it will actually decline back down to perhaps that $5 million level which is where we were in 2008. So that's going to be some time. With respect to the trust and investment services income, if you look at page 24 of our press release, you'll see in there that actually the institutional asset management and custody fees were up in the current quarter. Personal asset management and custody fees were down, but the biggest decline was really on the brokerage commissions and fee income and that's going to be driven a lot by the community bank and some of our key investment services sales. So those were softer here in the third quarter, but again, the higher margin businesses that we're going to have are going to be on the other two line items that I talked about. And I guess the outlook is that assets under management actually showed improvement with the overall market here in the third quarter so the prospects for the fourth quarter are improved in that particular area. And then the last area that you talked about and asked about was the investment banking and capital markets related income. We did have significant marks that we took in the current quarter. There are about $58 million in marks that went through in the current quarter. There's $20 million for CMVS bonds, there was another $26 million with respect to the funds management area with respect to certain real estate investments, and then an additional $12 million that was for reserves on customer derivative positions, and those were resulting from just credit migration. There was a reserve that was built and that actually incurred losses in that particular area.  I think that in talking with, and Peter can comment on this, but talking with our people in the institutional bank, they feel better about the pipeline with respect to M&A related fees at this particular point in time and I think the outlook at least looks more positive than what it was in the third quarter. Peter, anything else you would add to that?
Peter D. Hancock: No. I think you hit the highlights.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: And if I could sneak in one followup, the high cost CD book added end of last year, can you just kind of remind us what the margin opportunity might be there and how much of that has been the third quarter run rate versus how much would start to come through in the fourth quarter?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, I think you saw the improvement in the third quarter from the second quarter. The improvement in the margin was approximately 10 basis points and we have heavy flows of maturities that continue into the fourth quarter, that first, and the second quarter of next year, so we believe we still have opportunities for re-pricing of that particular book during the next three quarters. I would estimate at this particular point in time that the direction of the margin is for improvement and it could be similar to the magnitude of improvement that we experienced here in the third quarter compared to the fourth.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. That's very helpful.
Operator: And our next question will come from Todd Hagerman with Collins Stewart.
Todd Hagerman - Collins Stewart: Good morning, everybody. Just a couple of questions in terms of the commercial real estate portfolio. Chuck, I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the asset disposition here in the third quarter as it relates to the commercial real estate, particularly in the retail multifamily? Any restructurings that may have come through in the quarter? And then if you have any comments or thoughts in terms of the prospects for the regulatory guidance coming through on the CRE restructuring and how that may affect you guys and kind of how you're thinking about restructuring and disposition going forward on the CRE book?
Charles S. Hyle: Let me try to take the first one first. I think generally speaking the breaking of the commercial real estate portfolio down into pieces, as Jeff said in his comments, the residential part given its reduced size is showing better numbers and a reduction in NPLs, et cetera.  The retail side is, I think, still a little bit of an open question and largely tied to the economy and how the economy progresses over the next couple of quarters. While we've shown a bit of an uptake in NPLs and charge-offs in retail, we're modestly encouraged by the delinquency numbers which have stayed pretty flat. And again as I've said in previous calls, the retail portfolio is more highly correlated to the residential markets and therefore we've seen somewhat more weakness in the four states that have been hardest hit on the residential side, namely Florida, Nevada, Arizona, and California. But we think that — I wouldn't call it necessarily turning the corner, but I do think we've seen a little bit of modest improvement in the early stage side on retail. Multifamily is a sector that we continue to believe will have relatively modest loss content in it, but clearly there are higher NPLs and some migration there, again highly correlated to the four states that I mentioned earlier. But absorption rates continue to be decent in most parts of the country and while concessions abound, I think the general view is this is more of a timing issue, I think, than an ultimate loss situation. Office is always a laggard and not a huge portfolio for us. A large portion, 30 plus percent, is in medical office building which we think currently is performing well and we expect to continue to perform well. So I think in general as we said earlier — I don't want to make this sound too optimistic because there's still a lot of uncertainty out there and it's certainly true to say that the real estate fundamentals across most markets certainly haven't improved and remain challenged, and again, the economy is going to be a major factor in how the rest of this portfolio performs over time. So that’s a broad-brush description of where we see the commercial real estate portfolio.   As far as where the regulators are, we don't really have a lot of information at this point. Certainly there have been public statements by the regulators that they are very focused on commercial real estate, but in terms of what impact, how they might change what they're doing, is still very much an open question as far as we're concerned.
Todd Hagerman - Collins Stewart: Okay. Just to followup on that, I mean, in the quarter itself, have you seen or begun to do anything more in terms of restructuring your own existing portfolio? Was that a meaningful part of the quarter or is that something you're thinking more about going forward?
Charles S. Hyle: Well, we've been thinking about it a lot for a long time and I think as we said in the second quarter call, we had restructured something like $2.3 billion of commitments in real estate across all aspects of our real estate portfolio. And that program continues in earnest, particularly as certain loan construction is complete and there's not a strong takeout market. So as we've said in the past, we have a program whereby we re-underwrite those loans based on appropriate underwriting standards.  These are not TDRs, these are not distress deals, but often require developers or others to put in more equity. We also get improved returns in terms of interest rates and appropriate LTDs. And that program has continued. We've done something like another $900 million during the third quarter and we will continue to do that on the basis that the underlying property is a bankable and appropriate property. If it's not it goes NPL and we delay with it in other ways. We've done very little in terms of TDRs to date, although clearly our expectation is that number may migrate up a bit over the next couple of quarters.
Todd Hagerman - Collins Stewart:  So just to clarify, the roughly $900 million in the third quarter, that generally is categorized as performing?
Charles S. Hyle: Yeah, absolutely. It would have to. Otherwise it would go into the TDR column. 
Todd Hagerman - Collins Stewart:  Right. Thanks very much.
Operator: And we'll now go to Anand Krishnan with Fore Research & Management.
Anand Krishnan - Fore Research & Management:  Hi, good morning. I had a clarification question on the reserve (inaudible). So you mentioned the recurring values of your nonperforming loans. They are at $0.76 and then your REO is at $0.52 and (inaudible) that are nonperforming $0.67, and still, your coverage ratio is over 100. So I'm just trying to see how you think about reserving and provisions on a go forward basis given that your troubled assets are already substantially carried below par? And is that a function of you expecting things to weaken over the next 12 months because typically reserves are carried for the losses that you expect to take over the next 12 months. So if you can share your thoughts on how you think about this that would be helpful. Thanks.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, certainly the reserve buildup, of course, is a process that we go through that not only identifies the nonperforming, but it also goes through the performing portfolio and each of the credit grades that are out there will have certain degrees of loss given default in all of our probabilities.  And so it's a pretty elaborate process that we end up going through. I think your observations are good in the sense that you see what we have already taken in the form of losses against those particular nonperformers. The reserve also looks at a number of different factors. Now, with respect to how we look at reserves and provisions going forward, I think we've covered a lot of ground at this particular point in time and what you saw in the third quarter were actually the amount of reserves of provision in excess of charge-offs is down from what it was in the last three quarters. And so, the expectation as we've gone further into the credit cycle here and we start to see some leveling off of some of the nonperformers, as well as looking at those that are loans 30-89 day past due and 90-day past due credits, we would expect to see that given where we are in the cycle there would be probably fare less need for reserve build on a go forward basis, but it still remains to be seen obviously as to where the economy goes and so we remain cautious, but the picture is better in that regard.
Anand Krishnan - Fore Research & Management: Thanks. That's pretty helpful. And I had one more clarification question related to the investment banking capital market activity. You mentioned 20 million relate to CMBS marks, generally the third quarter performance on the CMBS side has been positive for the most part so I'm curious as to why there has been a negative on CMBS for US?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, that's a good observation. It has been as a general rule. The particular bond pieces that we ended up holding in that portfolio were downgraded late in the quarter by the rating agencies, and as a result of that, we ended up taking marks on those particular bonds.
Charles S. Hyle: I would add that these bonds were highly rated initially, but also highly illiquid. So it was very hard to get an accurate read on them at the end of the second quarter. So I think that helps explain the third quarter mark that was basically using matrix pricing based on rating and the rating changed significantly with very little trading activity.
Anand Krishnan - Fore Research & Management: Thanks, good luck.
Operator: And next is Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets. 
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets:  Thank you very much. Just to change subjects here a little bit on loan demand, I mean, loans look like they declined about $5 billion in the quarter and they decline about $10 billion over the last year. I know some of that's related to the discontinued operations as you exit some of these portfolios, but are you seeing any loan demand out there, especially from the small business and middle-market business class? And should we continue to see this line item decline outside of discontinued operations.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Paul. This is Beth Mooney and I would give you a few of what we are seeing in our community banking markets which is this is at the point in the cycle where small businesses and middle market companies tend to be very conservative. The duration of the economic downturn — people are being incredibly cautious about expanding capital investments, plants, and equipment, and as you can see in the general buildup in noninterest bearing which has been heavily in our commercial customer base, powers tend to remain very, very liquid. So I would say that there's still much caution in the existing client base about expanding their borrowings or debt as well as very, very little new loan demands. So I would say that this is the point in the cycle where businesses are not prepared to expand their borrowing capacity and as we see some economic growth potentially as we go into 2010, I think we would hope for increased demand, but right now it is very, very weak.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets: And I guess will you continue to grow your securities portfolio to offset that loan drop-off?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, certainly to the extent that we have liquidity continuing to come at us with loans paying down and deposit coming into the company. We will deploy those funds in the investment portfolio, but we'll also look at other forms as we have debt maturities that come up. We just simply won't replace the debt as it matures.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll now go to David George with Robert W. Baird.
David George - Robert W. Baird: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I was going to ask about the securities book, but it looks like you just answered that. Can you talk about, Henry, your appetite for FDIC deals going forward?
Henry L. Meyer III: Yeah. We continue to look at opportunities. We've been very clear that the opportunities that we're interested in are in footprint, in markets that we're currently in and we have looked at some details and we just haven't in this environment found that right opportunity. I am a little bit discouraged, I guess, which way is the glass half full or half empty. But the vast majority of the 99 banks that have been taken over have not been in our footprint states so there hasn't been a lot of opportunity, but we are actively interested.
David George - Robert W. Baird: Okay. I appreciate it, guys. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) And our next questions come from Gerard Cassidy, RBC Capital.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital:  Thank you. Hi, guys. The question has to do with the decision to move the student loan into discontinued operations versus the other exit portfolio businesses. What is the factors that you used to do that and should we expect for example, the marine business or the commercial leasing business to be moved into discontinued operations at a later date?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Hi, Gerard. It's strictly an accounting bright line that we have to look at. With respect to the student lending, we are out of the student lending both on the private side as well as the government guaranteed side of the equation so we're no longer in that "business" from an origination standpoint. With respect to the other portfolios, and you brought up marine, we still make marine loans through our branch networks. So if we have customers that come in and they want to buy a boat, we will finance a boat. And so the distinction really gets into are we making those particular types of loans some place? It is just like on the leasing area. We're in the leasing business. Leasing is a major part of this company and will be going forward. I think what you have to look at though are certain sub-lines of business that we're out of at this particular point in time within the various areas. That's what the distinction happens to be from an accounting standpoint.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital: Thank you. And then just quickly, on the commercial real estate construction charge-offs that you took in the quarter, what type of properties were they mostly in and were they in those four states that you reference as being the weaker states due to the housing markets?
Charles S. Hyle: Yeah, Gerard. That is the appropriate way to look at it. I think in the retail side I would estimate that in those four states we've got about 25%-27% of the portfolio and in terms of charge-offs and NPLs it would be the opposite of that, the inverse of that. Close to 70 plus percent would be in those four states so there's definitely a correlation there. Same in multifamily, again, largely driven by residential characteristics and the economies, and so that's very much the trend that we would see there.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital:  Thank you.
Operator: We'll now go to Ken Houston with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Aaron Foley - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hi, it's Aaron Foley for Ken Houston. I just wanted to kind of — did you guys give an explicit timeline as to kind of how you're planning to put the liquidity to work over the next couple of quarters and kind of what loan to security makeup you see the balance sheet having longer term?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, we haven't specifically given targets with respect to the loan and security makeup of the organization. We are deploying the liquidity cautiously, is what I would say. We continue to make investments or put money to work in the investment portfolio, but we also are mindful too of looking at both sides of the balance sheet, the deposit side as well as the asset side. And I think as we go through this, we're being perhaps more bringing rates down on our CD book. We're remaining cautious to see what ends up taking place there over time. So far we've been very encouraged by the fact that the money seems to be flowing back into the now and MMDA accounts, but we'll continue to monitor that. And of course as you know with the FDIC's unlimited deposits on transaction accounts for commercial customers we have to see how that all evolves over the foreseeable future.
Aaron Foley - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch:  Gotcha. Sounds good, thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Holton with The Boston Company.
Mike Holton - The Boston Company: Hey, good morning. I just wanted to see if you guys would clarify a couple of things you talked around a little bit. On credit quality, tell me if this is the wrong interpretation, net charge-offs in NPA — especially net charge-offs, should continue to go up, maybe a little less than previously but they'll go up and you guys will likely continue to build reserves in Q4, although there's a chance it could be less than Q3. Would that be your interpretation?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, Mike, it's difficult to say exactly where that will end up because we've basically talked about the fact that you could have an increase in nonperformers which may result in an increase in reserves, but you have to look at the overall migration of the portfolio. And we're seeing better signs in certain parts of the book. So it's difficult at this particular time to say how much, if any, the reserve will change in the fourth quarter, but certainly we are getting further into the cycle here and there's less overall need from our perspective of a reserve build.
Mike Holton - The Boston Company: Okay. But you do think charge-offs will increase from Q3 levels, the question would be magnitude? Jeffrey: I would say that charge-offs will remain at the elevated level and it means that that's a possibility that you just outlined.
Mike Holton - The Boston Company: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And we'll now go to Matthew Burnell with Wells Fargo.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo:  Good morning, thanks for taking my call. I know that account fees don't make a large percentage of your noninterest revenue, but I'm wondering if you can update us on any actions you have taken or may consider taking in the future, relative to overdraft fees or some of the other regulatory plans that have been floating around Washington that might negatively impact noninterest income.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes. We have been very mindful of the news that several of the peers have made and their assessment of specifically overdraft fees, as well as the current regulatory environment and we certainly are poised to do what's appropriate in our marketplaces and take guidance from peers as well as the regulators. It would have an impact obviously in terms of lessening certain fee categories, but we have not given any specific guidance at this time to that magnitude.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: And I think you're correct in the sense that deposit service charges are not a large number for us, and part of what's depressed some of our deposit service charges here too are the high levels of transaction accounts that we have on the corporate side of the equation so that those particular balances or fees are offset from an account analysis perspective and so that's also depressed it a little bit as they've used balances rather than paying hard dollar charges at this time, even in a low-rate environment.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo: And I guess just to followup, what's the sense of the pushback that you might get from regulators as you look to offset those, I guess nondiscretionary fees, with discretionary fees, specifically to the account fee side of things?
Beth E. Mooney: On that I would say that you would always balance appropriate disclosures and we are not necessarily looking at nay changes we would make to the overdraft policies or anything like that to look to offset those in other fee categories. That would not be the linkage we would make.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo: Great. Thanks very much. 
Operator:  And next is Bob Patten with Morgan Keegan. 
Bob Patten - Morgan Keegan:  Good morning, everybody. Following up on Paul Miller's question to Beth, if you look at your average line borrowings at this time in the cycle versus historical, even to your best customers, what would you estimate the percentage of line outstanding versus historical?
Beth E. Mooney: We see a relative increase in our home equity portfolio in terms of average line outstanding. So we've seen some increase over the time in terms of outstandings and in our commercial book it has been relatively constant, slightly up, but constant.
Bob Patten - Morgan Keegan: So constant with historical?
Beth E. Mooney: Yes.
Bob Patten - Morgan Keegan: All right. Where do you think growth will come from both in terms of geography and in terms of industry type, when the economy starts to resume again, if you look at your portfolio.
Beth E. Mooney: Bob, I would say given the markets we serve that we would have the opportunity in my mind for, both by industry as well as by market, growth opportunities across our footprint. We have not seen any particular analogies in any of our particular markets other than manufacturing in our Great Lakes markets. So I would tell you as I look out at 2010 and 2011 as the economy begins to recover that there would be geographic diversity in terms of growth opportunities both for types of loans and in our markets.
Bob Patten - Morgan Keegan: Okay. And then last I mean obviously with all the excess liquidity the company's building and the securities portfolio, if we get loan growth, what would you say for every dollar of securities that you swap into loans that the difference in spread is?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: I think at this particular point in time it's going to depend on when the growth comes back. Right now obviously we're getting very good spreads off of loan volume and activity so there should be an overall pickup. And it's not just on the loan. We look at it from a total customer relationship perspective, so I think Henry commented on it, we're building relationships here so we're trying to do not just the loan, but do other activities with each of our clients and build that long-term relationship.  But there would be some degree of pickup obviously because what you're talking about doing is going out of a AAA rated government sponsored entity type of a security into something that would be less than AAA rated, obviously, from a client perspective.
Bob Patten - Morgan Keegan: Yeah. But the spread has to be 3%-3.5% pickup, wouldn't it be?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, most of our investments that we've put on — obviously if you're talking about it coming out of short-term which is 25 basis points, it'd be well over 300 basis points pickup. If you're talking about coming out of the investment portfolios, it's probably far less than 300 basis points pickup.
Bob Patten - Morgan Keegan: Okay, thanks.
Operator: We'll take a followup question from Brian Foran with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs:  Going back to the comments on the pay-downs and the NPA sales and the comments about improved liquidity, can you just kind of give us a sense, is there certain geographies or certain properties types? Where are you seeing the investor demand come back to a level that's a little bit more palatable that's making you sell some of these loans?
Charles S. Hyle: I would say the overriding characteristic is underlying cash flow on the real estate side. I think things like residential land and A&D and things like that, as we conversely know, has improved in liquidity there. But if it's a multifamily project or something that has at least reasonable cash flow and the prospect of reasonable cash flow, we're seeing some liquidity there.  And then as I said earlier, we're seeing some increased liquidity in the secondary corporate loan market as well. 
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: And with no further questions I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Henry Meyer for any additional or closing remarks.
Henry L. Meyer III: Again we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any questions or followups that you'd like to discuss based on some of the comments that we've made, please don’t hesitate to call Vern Patterson, Key's Head of Investor Relations, at 216-689-0520. That concludes our remarks. I hope everyone has a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Henry Meyer – Chairman & CEO Jeff Weeden – CFO Chuck Hyle – Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets Terry Mcevoy - Oppenheimer [Analyst] – Morningstar Equity Research  Jeff Davis – FTN Equity Capital  David Konrad - KBW Charlie Ernst - KBW 
Operator: Welcome to KeyCorp's second quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry Meyer. Mr. Meyer, please go ahead.
Henry Meyer:  Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Joining me for today's presentation is our CFO, Jeff Weeden and also available for the Q&A portion of the call are our Vice Chairs, Beth Mooney and Peter Hancock; Chief Risk Officer, Chuck Hyle and our Treasurer Joe Vayda. Slide two is our forward-looking disclosure statement. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the Q&A segment of our call today. Now if you turn to slide three. Today, we announced net loss from continuing operations of $236 million or $0.69 per common share. These results reflect an extremely weak operating environment and continuation of the credit cycle.  Jeff will comment more on the earnings in a minute but before he does I want to make a few comments about the measures we are taking here at Key to address this challenging environment which we believe will then put Key in a position to compete and win with our clients and for our shareholders.  First, we have raised over $1.8 billion of tier one common equity to address the SCAP requirement. We believe Key has always maintained a strong capital position and with these most recent actions, along with the update we have provided in today’s earnings release with respect to the pending exchange of new common shares for our existing retail capital securities, we will further fortify this position.  At June 30, 2009 our tier one common equity ratio was a strong 7.27% and our tier one risk based capital ratio was 12.42%. In light of the prevailing weak economic environment we have continued to build our reserve for loan losses. For the second quarter our provision exceeded our net charge offs by $311 million. In addition, we continued to work down the exit loan portfolio balances. The combination of building reserve balances and a smaller loan portfolio resulted in a reserve for loan loss coverage ratio of 3.53% at June 30, 2009.  We have also continued to strengthen our funding and liquidity positions which have benefited from deposit growth in both our community banking and national banking organizations. In our community bank, average deposit balances were up $2.7 billion or 5.5% compared to the year ago period and in our national banking group average deposit balances increased $1 billion or 7.9% compared to the second quarter of last year.  Focusing on our client relationship business model and maintaining our expense discipline to deliver value have remained our top strategic priorities. We continue to look for ways to serve our clients better by streamlining our operations to eliminate lower valued activities and capitalize on investments we have made to improve the client experience. As we discussed previously, we have a corporate wide initiative called Keyvolution underway that is designed to simplify process and improve both client service and speed to market.  Over the past 15 months we have been reviewing our business mix and evaluating our processes throughout the company. As a result, we have eliminated certain business activities and installed new technology to improve the client experience. We have also reduced employee headcount by approximately 8% or 1,500 positions.  As highlighted in our earnings release, in the second quarter we entered into extensions of credit with clients representing approximately $8.2 billion in new or renewed loans and commitments.  Now if you will turn to slide four. Slide four provides a summary of the company’s previously announced second quarter 2009 capital initiatives. We believe this additional capital along with a current offer to exchange common stock for up to $500 million of our outstanding retail capital securities which we expect to complete on August 4th will provide us with even greater flexibility to benefit from new business opportunities over the next several years.  Slide five shows our progress through June 30, 2009 and the future expectations with respect to Keyvolution over the next 2.5 years for process improvements here at Key. Initiatives that have already been implemented will result in an annualized cost savings run rate of $63 million with an additional $72 million in flight. There are approximately $58 million in one-time costs and investments including severance associated with these savings opportunities.  We have also identified additional targeted benefits with Keyvolution of $165-240 million which along with our implemented or in flight initiatives will produce total annualized run rate cost savings of $300-375 million with a significant portion captured over the next two years and the full run rate to be achieved in 2012.  Actions taken this year include reducing and realigning our sales force and management infrastructure in community banking and national banking. We have rebalanced relationship manager client loads and refocused RM’s towards client segments that offer the greatest risk adjusted earnings potential. We are also realigning our sales service roles so Key is better positioned to attract new clients and serve existing relationships.  In addition, we optimized our virtual call center operations and moved resources to our Cleveland and Buffalo operations centers. This allowed us to capture additional scale benefits and improve client service and response times. Combined, these two initiatives will contribute over $40 million on an annualized basis to the reduction of costs I mentioned earlier.  We believe that Keyvolution will benefit our clients and our shareholders by streamlining our processes to improve responsiveness and efficiency. Now I will turn the call over to Jeff Weeden for a review of our financial results. Jeff?
Jeff Weeden :  Thank you Henry. Slide six provides a summary of the company’s second quarter 2009 results. As Henry mentioned, we incurred a net loss of $0.69 per common share for the quarter. Earnings per common share were impacted by elevated credit costs including building the reserve for loan losses by $311 million or $0.34 per common share. The deemed dividend of $114 million or $0.20 per common share on the exchange of common shares or 367 million of our outstanding series A preferred shares, the FDIC special assessment was $44 million or $0.05 per common share, security gains of $125 million or $0.13 per common share and gains related to the exchange of common shares for certain institutional capital securities in the amount of $95 million or $0.10 per common share.  We have included a more extensive list of the items impacting our second quarter results on page three of today’s earnings release. Turning to slide seven, for the second quarter of 2009 the company’s tax equivalent net interest income adjusted for early terminations of certain leverage lease financing arrangements was $614 million compared with $620 million in the previous quarter.  The adjusted net interest margin was 2.74% for the second quarter, down three basis points from the first quarter of 2009. The company continues to benefit from improved pricing for new and renewed loans. However, sequential quarterly change is somewhat muted given the size of the existing loan portfolio and the negative impact of carrying higher levels of non-performing loans.  Also keeping pressure on the margin in the second quarter were higher average balances of short-term investments. In May 2009, we repositioned part of our investment portfolio by selling $2.8 million of our available for sale portfolio. The proceeds from this sale were reinvested in new issue CMO’s backed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Jennie Mae.  These replacement security purchases do not settle until the end of June which resulted in higher average balances and lower yields in short-term investments for the quarter.  With the redeployment of these short-term investments, along with investing additional sums from the positive deposit flows we have been experiencing and deposit pricing moderating some in our markets we expect to experience an improvement in the net interest margin in the second half of the year.  Turning to slide eight. The loan categories on this slide have been adjusted for the exit portfolio shown. For example, the marine RV floor plan loans on this slide have been removed from the commercial financial and agricultural loans, the CF&A totals, for all periods and are reflected in the exit portfolio details.  During the second quarter the company experienced a $2.9 billion decrease in average total loan balances compared to the first quarter of 2009 and a $4.3 billion or 5.6% decline compared to the second quarter of 2008. The decline in average balances reflects the soft demand for credit on the part of commercial customers due to the weak economic conditions, pay downs on the exit portfolio and elevated net charge offs.  In our community banking operations, the home equity portfolio remained relatively unchanged from the first quarter level and was up 5.4% compared to the second quarter of 2008.  Turning to slide nine. Average deposits increased $2.8 billion or 17.3% annualized from the first quarter. Average deposits are up $5.9 billion or 9.7% from the same period one year ago. Deposit flows have remained very strong for both community banking and national banking. This, along with soft loan demand, has significantly improved the loan to deposit ratio over the last two quarters.  Given the low rate environment and the safety offered by FDIC insured demand deposit accounts, businesses have significantly increased their deposits over the past two quarters. Compared to the second quarter of 2008, demand deposit accounts are up $2.0 billion or 18.4%. These higher balances in commercial demand deposit accounts also offset transaction service charges in analyzed deposit accounts.  Slide ten shows a number of asset quality measures and the trends we have experienced over the past five quarters. Net charge offs in the second quarter were $539 million or 2.99% of average total loans which was up from $419 million or 2.65% experienced in the first quarter of 2009. The increase was largely due to continued weakness in the commercial real estate mortgage and construction portfolios.  We also experienced an increase in non-performing loans and non-performing assets in the current quarter. Non-performing assets were up $554 million and non-performing loans were up $450 million in the second quarter when compared to the first quarter of 2009. The increases are primarily due to the CF&A and commercial real estate portfolios. As of June 30, 2009 non-performing assets represented 3.58% of total loans, other real estate owned and other non-performing assets.  As we discussed earlier, we continued to build reserves during the second quarter. At June 30, 2009 our reserve balance stood at approximately $2.5 billion and represented 3.53% of total loans and 114% of non-performing loans. In the last year, reserve balances for loan losses have been increased by approximately $1.1 billion.  Slide 11 provides a breakdown of our credit statistics by portfolio for the second quarter. This slide provides additional information with respect to our various portfolios by classification type. Net charge offs in our CF&A portfolio remained elevated in the second quarter at 2.75% of average balances. However, they are down $64 million from the first quarter 2009.  As we discussed in our first quarter earnings call, CF&A net charge offs were significantly impacted in the first quarter by commercial real estate related credits in our real estate capital division and certain net charge offs in the institutional bank related to technology clients. Both of these areas experienced improvement in net charge offs in the second quarter.  All other major loan categories experienced an increase in net charge offs in the second quarter compared to the first quarter of 2009 except the marine exit portfolio which experienced a seasonal improvement. We also continued to see increases in non-performing loans across all major asset categories and business lines in the second quarter. This should result in net charge offs remaining elevated for the next several quarters.  We have included in the Appendix section of our materials additional information with respect to our commercial portfolios by line of business and a break down of the residential property segment and the retail property segment within the commercial real estate portfolio. In addition, we have provided additional detail on our home equity portfolio as of June 30, 2009.  Slide 12 provides an updated view of our commercial real estate portfolio at June 30, 2009 by property type and by geographic location. As mentioned on the previous slide, we have additional details included in the Appendix on the retail and residential property segments of this portfolio.  Overall, we continued to see an increase in non-performing loans and 90 days past due loans in this portfolio when compared to the first quarter 2009 levels. However, 30-89 day past due loans showed some improvement in the second quarter compared to March 31, 2009.  Slide 13 is an update on the activity during the past quarter within the exit portfolios. Progress continued at a relatively modest pace due to the limited refinancing opportunities in these areas for businesses and consumers. These portfolios which totaled $8.5 billion at the end of the second quarter, represented 11.8% of total loans and loans held for sale, 28.9% of second quarter net charge offs and 21.9% of total non-performing assets.  Finally, turning to our capital ratios on slide 14, with the capital initiatives completed during the second quarter and the reduction in the risk weighted assets we have experienced our capital levels have increased significantly from the first quarter of this year. At June 30, 2009 our tangible common equity and tangible asset ratio was 7.35%. Our tier one common equity ratio was 7.27% and our tier one risk based capital ratio was 12.42%.  Based on the approximately $534 million of early tenders we have received with respect to the exchange offer for the retail capital securities for common stock, management has made the determination to limit the total aggregate liquidation preferences on securities the company will accept to $500 million. Assuming this exchange is completed at this level on a pro forma basis the exchange will add approximately 50 basis points to our tier one common equity ratio.  That concludes our remarks and now I will turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. Operator? 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse. 
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse: First we just want to see if you could provide some of your prospects for the net interest margin over the next few quarters especially in light of probably some weaker competition in the deposit and CD side from some of your regional peers. 
Jeff Weeden :  We don’t provide specific guidance with respect to the margin but we will provide and we did provide guidance with respect to the direction. We believe that the margin will improve based upon again things that we said earlier. We are receiving better spreads on our loans and we are seeing competition for deposits moderate and also the redeployment of our short-term investments into longer term investments will also have a positive impact on the margin. 
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse: It looks like your C area of commercial real estate charge offs, which really didn’t pick up last quarter, picked up this quarter. I’m wondering if you could discuss some of the drivers behind that. Maybe was it kind of a one-off large charge or is this just part of the natural seasoning of the C area loss curve? 
Chuck Hyle :  I think it is really more of the latter. Clearly the fundamentals in real estate haven’t changed or improved very much. So timing of the charge offs I think is not necessarily quarter by quarter. I would say that the rate of migration in the CRE portfolio which was not good in January, February, March and into April has shown some deceleration particularly in the second half of this particular quarter so we are seeing a little bit of better news there. I think it is very fair to say that fundamentals in the business are still not very good and show no particular signs of improving. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets. 
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: You mentioned that the retail trough you are going to limit it to about $500 million I think you said and it is going to obviously increase the tier one common equity ratio up by about 50 basis points. What would the pro forma book value be if it was completed by the end of the second quarter when you convert those into common equity? 
Jeff Weeden :  Obviously it depends on the price of the exchange, the number of shares issued. So we are still in that pricing period. If we assume similar to yesterday’s levels going on out it would have an impact on the tangible book value per share in the $8.60 range. 
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Regarding credit quality, you are one of the few banks that gives us the inflow of non-accrual loans from the accrual category. I noticed this quarter there seemed to be less of an increase in that line. Can you give us some color on what you saw, maybe it was alluding to Chuck’s comment about the migration slow down on commercial real estate, but if you look at the immigration if you would of the new non-accrual loans in Q2 versus Q1 it was much lower than what Q1 was to the fourth quarter of last year. 
Chuck Hyle :  I think you are right in picking up on that comment. I would say also the residential side because we have brought that portfolio down. I think we peaked almost three years ago at something like $5.2 billion. Somewhere in that range. We are down to about $1.6 billion.  So we brought that portfolio down pretty dramatically and clearly that is the portfolio with the biggest issues and the highest loss content. As that gets down to a smaller number I think that is certainly a trend that would influence your earlier comment. I think that is probably the best way to frame it. 
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: I know you have the exit loan portfolio which is going to be constantly worked down. Do you have any sense of when you could actually see net growth in the loan portfolio, total consolidated loan portfolio? 
Jeff Weeden :  Consolidated loan portfolio growth is also going to be dependent on the recovery of the U.S. economy. We have these particular exit portfolios as you referred to that are a negative vector but also, I think what we are seeing here too are customers are continuing to de-leverage on their own and so we have had positive deposit flows and loan demand remains very, very soft. We are in the business of making loans as you know but it does take the demand on the other side. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Terry Mcevoy – Oppenheimer. 
Terry Mcevoy - Oppenheimer: Looking at the $87 million of commercial real estate charge offs could you break out the residential properties in the retail segment from page 27 and 28 just to give a sense for how much those two buckets contributed to CRE charge offs?
Jeff Weeden :  I don’t think we have that right off the top of our heads right now. Unless you have it Chuck? 
Chuck Hyle :  I don’t have it right in front of me. No.  
Terry Mcevoy - Oppenheimer:  Then you mentioned the sequential improvement in C&I charge offs and some of the items in the first quarter that made that number higher. If you exclude those two items, the technology credit and some of the CRE related credits, what was the core apples-to-apples comparison in C&I charge offs? Did that actually go up? 
Jeff Weeden :  In the portfolios and probably the best place to look is in the Appendix section of the slides that has the commercial portfolios on it, slide 26, if you look at that in the first quarter within the institutional bank there were approximately $35 million of the $44 million that were really related to two credits. If you look at it from that perspective the 12 is more of a normal type of range excluding that particular bump up that we had.  With respect to what was in the commercial real estate and you look at that particular group the $108 million of net charge offs in that commercial book in the first quarter that is listed there, that is primarily related all to commercial real estate related clients within that particular division. They just happened to not be “secured” by real estate. That is a large piece of it.  Then if you look at the other particular areas you will see just normal migration within regional banking which is going to include your business banking clients and commercial banking, while it is up in the second quarter is still at a very modest level and it was coming off of a very low level in the first quarter. So the rest of the portfolios, equipment finance showed some improvement in that C&I book and within the consumer finance, primarily dealer floor plan. Dealer floor plan losses and charge offs still remain elevated but they were down slightly from first quarter levels. 
Terry Mcevoy - Oppenheimer: One last question, on your outlook for charges you said they will remain elevated given the increase in Q2 in non-performing assets. Would you characterize the $535 million of charge offs this quarter as elevated or is that extremely elevated? I’m just trying to get a sense for the second half of this year. 
Jeff Weeden :  I think we would refer to the level we experienced if you look at the first quarter and second quarter of this year as being an elevated level. We would expect charge offs to remain at an elevated level for the next few quarters. 
Operator:  The next question comes from [Analyst] – Morningstar Equity Research. 
[Analyst] – Morningstar Equity Research : Looking at your current loans past due 90 days or more, they increased by $153 million or so and past due 30-89 decreased by nearly twice that amount which leads me to think there was actually an improvement in that segment. I am wondering if that improvement was fairly spread out through the quarter or if you saw like more pronounced in one or two ends of the quarter. 
Chuck Hyle :  It is hard to know or to pinpoint it in the quarter. As I said earlier I think the general tone of migration improved in the second half of the quarter. I would say in the 90 day plus bucket most of the increase was in commercial real estate and a good portion of that was in the income property subset. We are seeing some delinquency and some payment issues in multi-family, largely in western and southern states. A high correlation to the difficulties in the residential portfolio.  Having said that our general view is that while lease up is slower in some of these markets, loss content over time will not be nearly as problematic as the residential side. We are certainly seeing some increase in delinquencies in that particular sector. Most of the rest of the categories have been relatively good and certainly we are seeing it in the early stage delinquency side across almost all parts of our business some modest improvement. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Jeff Davis – FTN Equity Capital. 
Jeff Davis – FTN Equity Capital : Following on your comments, and we saw similar trends with early stage delinquencies improving largely across all portfolios but maybe not everyone at SunTrust and a couple of other reports this far. If you had to handicap it are we in the sixth or seventh inning of this credit cycle or is it just unknown? 
Chuck Hyle :  I’m not very good on the baseball analogies. It is really hard to figure these things out. I think that we have seen, as I said earlier, modest level of improvement. Whether we are approaching an inflection point is I think anybody’s guess. We take a pretty conservative view on that. As I said the fundamentals are still not very strong. I think another point of a sort of modest positive would be we are seeing a little bit more liquidity in selling assets. The first quarter was abysmal for everybody. The second quarter again in line with earlier comments started slow but is starting to pick up a bit. It is pretty much improving I think more on the commercial end. Anything that has either current cash flow or the prospect of cash flow is beginning to attract some attention.  I think we sold $12 million of loans or something in the first quarter. It is up in the second quarter to sort of mid 50’s and the activity continues. I think that is at least an early sign there is a bit of thawing going on. This is off a very low base so we are sort of taking it one day and one deal at a time and trying to find those pockets of liquidity. 
Jeff Davis – FTN Equity Capital : Thematically from an improvement in 30-89 days, whether for you all or someone else in the industry, is it a function of the banks being a little bit more aggressive in calling the non-performer and clearing them out sooner and/or the marginal ball or who got credit in the late stage of the cycle has been cleaned out or is this something that is going to stick and ultimately translate into this thing’s turning? 
Chuck Hyle :  Again, very hard to predict and there are lots of anecdotes hitting all of your possible outcomes there. I would say given the length of the problems and particularly the residential real estate side those developers who didn’t have a lot of staying power are clearly not doing well and are probably already in the NPL category. We are doing lots of negotiating. I would say that we have probably renegotiated across the commercial real estate book with stronger borrowers something like $2.3 billion in commitments in the first half of the year with another very large number currently under negotiation with very strong prospects of successful renegotiation.  Those renegotiations are where a brand new appraisal. We often get a pay down or more equity or additional collateral. Indeed even are able to raise the spread on that loan. So we are not talking about basket cases here. We are talking about commercial real estate that is viable. We just need to get all the way through the cycle and get some liquidity back in the market and things of that nature. We are doing a lot of that work and as a result I think the weaker borrowers are clearly not in the 30-89 day bucket anymore. They are well past that. 
Jeff Davis – FTN Equity Capital : From a regional perspective and I may have missed it on the call, and if I did don’t comment. Core footprint of Ohio, what was your feeling there whether we are looking at resi mortgage or typical C&I credit say versus earlier in the year? 
Chuck Hyle :  I think it is fair to say it hasn’t changed that dramatically in Ohio. It clearly went down earlier in terms of home equity portfolio. Certainly some of the manufacturing middle market companies got hit earlier in the downturn. I would say that hasn’t changed very dramatically second quarter over first quarter. 
Operator: The next question comes from David Konrad – KBW.  
David Konrad - KBW: The expense level even on a core basis seemed a little bit elevated relative to my expectations and it brought down pre-provision earnings. I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color on the expense run rate in the back half of the year given the expense initiatives and what we should look for there. 
Jeff Weeden :  I think in terms of we are continuing to remain very focused obviously on our expenses and managing those. The initiative we have underway that we talked about earlier, the Keyvolution initiatives, will start to show more benefits as we get further into 2010 and 2011. The costs associated with achieving those particular reductions and realignments that we have in the organization obviously hit right up front. You will see that in the higher professional fees that we incurred during the current quarter. We also had costs associated with ORE and I think the other item that is hitting everybody in the industry is the FDIC assessment. Those particular items, we are not planning an additional assessment but that is obviously something that is not directly within our control with the FDIC.  I think in terms of professional fees they will remain elevated as we go through just from collection and business related costs that we are incurring there and ORE expenses as you see other real estate and other assets were up in the current quarter and there is a cost associated with that in addition to just regular collection and repossession expenses that we are incurring.  We are very focused on it. I think a number of items outside of those particular ones were very well controlled. Personnel costs bounced back a little bit in the quarter as we had income that went up in some of our custom investment management areas and you will see that was driven by some higher brokerage related revenues that we have broken out in our press release. Then we also had obviously in the first quarter we had some reversals of accruals just simply due to the TARP provisions on compensation. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Charlie Ernst - KBW
Charlie Ernst - KBW: Back on the margin, I think you said in the press release the margin suffered seven basis points because of the charge. That is right? 
Jeff Weeden :  Correct. 
Charlie Ernst - KBW:  The short-term earning asset increase of about $2.7 billion I am calculating if you just strip that out and assume there is no negative carry on there that clipped the margin about another eight basis points. Is that about right? 
Jeff Weeden :  I think that is a fair assessment. 
Charlie Ernst - KBW: Can you just say again what you are reinvesting those short-term earning assets in? 
Jeff Weeden :  We are going in to CMO’s basically CMO packs that are new issuance primarily from Fannie, Freddie and Jennie. Duration on them would be in the 3.5 year level. 
Charlie Ernst - KBW: What kind of yield do those carry? 
Jeff Weeden :  I think you can probably look at we are getting whatever the market is providing for loans. Of course we will have more that will settle as we go into the third quarter here. I think you can assume it is somewhere around 3-3.5% range. 
Charlie Ernst - KBW: The increase that was about $2.7 billion in the quarter was pretty much all of that increase in these CMO packs? 
Jeff Weeden :  No. Which increase are you referring to? 
Charlie Ernst - KBW: I am looking at the average balance sheet. The short-term earning asset position was up about $2.7 billion in the quarter. 
Jeff Weeden :  That is all in Fed funds for the short-term investments. You can see the yield on that was I think about 0.26%. So it was a pretty low yielding asset that we had for the quarter on an average balance. We have had strong flows of deposits and there are loans that have been paying down but that added to that short-term liquidity. Bear in mind we will probably just handle and carry more short-term liquidity in the future. 
Operator:  At this time we have no further questions. Gentlemen I will turn the conference back over to you for any concluding remarks. 
Henry Meyer :  Thank you. Again, thank you for taking the time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions on the items we have discussed please don’t hesitate to call Vern Patterson, head of our Investor Relations Group at (216) 689-0520. Operator that concludes our remarks. We hope everyone has a good day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Henry Meyer – Chairman & CEO Jeff Weeden – CFO Chuck Hyle – Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs Jeff Davis – Howe Barnes Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets David Knutson – Legal and General
Operator: Good day and welcome to KeyCorp's first quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of KeyCorp, Mr. Henry Meyer. Mr. Meyer, please go ahead, sir.
Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for today's presentation is our CFO, Jeff Weeden and available for the Q&A portion of the call are our Vice Chairs, Beth Mooney, and Peter Hancock, our Chief Risk Officer, Chuck Hyle, and our Treasurer Joe Vayda. I hope you all look at Slide #2 which is our forward-looking disclosure statement. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the Q&A segment of our call today. Now if you turn to Slide #3, today, we announced net loss of $1.09 per share for the first quarter. As was the case for the fourth quarter of last year, the loss was primarily attributable to a non-cash accounting charge for goodwill impairment and continued building of a loan loss reserve. In light of the prevailing economic environment during the first quarter of this year, we continued to build our loan loss reserve by taking a $875 million provision for loan losses which exceeded our net charge-offs by $383 million. At March 31, 2009, our loan loss reserve stood at almost $2.2 billion and represented 2.97% of period end loans and 126% of nonperforming loans. In our earnings release this morning, we announced that the Board of Directors intends to reduce the quarterly common stock dividend from $6.25 per share to a penny per share commencing in the second quarter. Obviously, no one likes having to reduce the dividend again. However, given the current operating environment, I, my management team and our Board believe this action is prudent. As a result of this decision, the Company will retain approximately 100 million of capital on an annual basis. These are challenging times and operating expenses in the form of higher collection cost and deposit insurance are impacting everyone in the industry is addressing the challenges by continuing to focus on controlling costs where we can. In the first quarter, we took some additional measures to reduce costs. And in the past year, we have reduced FTEs by approximately 1,000. Many of these reductions were associated with businesses we previously announced we were exiting or deemphasizing such as private student lending and the home builder lending area with the national banking. In other areas of the company we are achieving better cost efficiencies by developing new technology. We are also capitalizing on our efficiencies in our commercial mortgage servicing area where we recently bid on and won an additional $3 billion of servicing. It's continued to move forward with this business plans to reshape the company and return to profitability as the economy begins to improve. However, we are not sitting around waiting for this to happen on its own. We continue to look for ways to streamline our operations by further eliminating lower value activities and capitalizing on investments we've made to improve our operations. At March 31, 2009, our tier one capital ratio was a strong 11.16%. Our total capital ratio stood at 15.11% and a ratio that everyone seems to be focusing on these days are tangible common ratio was 6.06%. We remain focus on the strategic allocation of our capital during these economically challenging times. As a result, we continued to make progress on our efforts to reshape our business mix by exiting low return and indirect portfolios. However, progress here has been slower than we would have liked simply because of the malaise hanging over the economy for the past several quarters. We have also focused our people on working with our clients to meet their funding needs while getting fairly compensated for the capital and funding we put to work. As highlighted in our earnings release, in the first quarter, we entered into new extensions of credit with clients representing approximately 7.8 billion in new or renewed loan commitments. We remain encouraged by the results we have seen coming from the Community Bank from the investments we are making in technology, branch monetization and de novo branches. As of March 31st we have completed our rollout of Teller 21 across the company, monetized over 100 locations and we have plans to complete between 35 de novo branches and 40 de novo branches in 2009. Last week and yesterday again, we announced internally additional changes to our organization. Within our real estate capital business we have announced we are consolidating several of our national sales locations within the income property segment and we are signing new resources to work on more challenging credits. Within the Community Bank, we are making a series of changes that will help build greater consistency across our districts in order to have better alignment to the clients we serve and do so in a more cost-effective way. And as always, we will continue to keep our clients at the center of everything we do in order to provide the great client experience that earn KeyCorp recognition at the top rated bank in customer service by business week and as customer service champion in 2009 edition. We are honored to receive this recognition which adds Key ranked the 11 out of the top 25 companies that include many who are well known for their customer service acumen. As you will also see in the appendix of our materials today, we have combined our Northwest and Rocky Mountain regions under one leadership team in order to optimize our efforts and focus on these attractive growth markets. We now have approximate 1/3rd of our company's deposits located in each of our regions. I will turn the call over to Jeff for a review of our financial results.
Jeff Weeden: Thank you, Henry. Slide #4 provides a summary about the Company's first quarter 2009 results. And as Henry mentioned we incurred a net loss of $1.09 for common share for the quarter. Impacting the first quarter results were the continued building of the reserve for loan losses in excess of net charge-offs and the 223 million or $0.38 per share non-cash charge we took for intangible asset impairment in our national banking operations. With this latest impairment charge we have now written off all of the remaining goodwill assigned to this business unit as of March 31st 2009. This charge did not impact our regulatory or tangible capital ratios. We included a more extensive list of items impacting our first quarter results on Page #2 of today's earnings release. Turning to Slide #5 the Company's net interest margin was 2.77% for the first quarter of 2009 compared to an adjusted 2.84% for the fourth quarter of 2008. As the first quarter progressed, we experienced an improving margin in the back half of the quarter as lower spread assets matured and repricing for deposits began to ease somewhat in our markets. While higher levels of nonperforming assets will keep pressure on the net interest margin we believe we will see greater stability in the margin and the possibility for expansion in coming quarters as assets continue to reprice to improve credit spread. Turning to Slide #6, the loan categories on this slide have been adjusted for the exit portfolio shown. For example, the Marine and RV floor plan loans on this slide have been removed from the commercial, financial and agricultural loans, CF&A totals for all periods and are reflected in the exit portfolio details. As we discussed in our fourth quarter earnings call, Key experienced an increase in loan draws in the summer and fall of 2008 as the credit markets froze up. As these markets began to show improvement late last year and continuing into 2009 corporate customers began returning to the commercial paper markets as well as holding less excess liquidity on their balance sheets due to the uncertainties surrounding the debt capital markets. As a result, during the first quarter the Company experienced a $1.6 billion decrease in average total loan balances compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. Compared to the first quarter of last year, average total loans are up 2.6 billion or 3.6%. The Company continued to experience growth in our community banking home equity loans with average balances up 236 million or 2.4% on annualized from the fourth quarter and 580 million or 6% from the first quarter of last year. Turning to Slide #7 average domestic deposits increased 800 million or 1.3% on annualized from the fourth quarter. Average deposits are up 3.7 million or 6.1% from the same period one year ago. During the first quarter we continued to see a shift out of MMDA into certificates of deposits as consumers moved out on the yield curve to lock in higher deposit rates. In addition, we also experienced an increase in DDA balances primarily from our corporate client base businesses offset some of their – as corporate customers offset some of their transaction service charges by maintaining higher amounts on deposit. Slide #8 shows a number of asset quality measures and the trends we have experienced over the last five quarters. As we continue to move further into the credit cycle, we are also seeing additional increases in NPAs, net charge-offs and the reserve for loan losses. Net charge-offs in the first quarter were 2.65% of average total loans, which is up from 1.77% experienced in the fourth quarter of 2008. This increase primarily occurred in our CF&A and CRE portfolios within our national banking reporting unit. The increase in CF&A loan net charge-offs was related to businesses type to commercial real estate within the commercial real estate line of business. Net charge-offs related to floor plan lending in our consumer finance business line and small ticket commercial loans within the equipment finance line of business also remain elevated in the first quarter and are expected to remain elevated until the consumer spending increases resulting in an improved outlook for the economy. We also experienced an increase in nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets in the first quarter. Nonperforming assets were up 533 million in the first quarter following the increase of 225 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. 86% of the increase in NPAs came from our national banking business units. As of March 31, 2009 nonperforming assets represented 2.70% of total loans other real estate owned and other nonperforming assets. As we discussed earlier, we continue to build reserves during the first quarter. At March 31, 2009, our reserve balance stood at 2.186 billion and represented 2.97% of total loans and 126% of nonperforming loans. In the past year, we have increased the reserve for loan losses by approximately $900 million. On Slide #9 we provide a breakdown of our credit statistics by portfolio for the first quarter. This slide provides additional information with respect to our various portfolios by classification type. We have also included in the appendix section of our materials today additional information with respect to our home equity loan portfolio and our residential property segment and retail property segment within the commercial real estate portfolio. As I mentioned when discussing the previous slide, the two areas where we experienced the majority of our increase in net charge-offs and NPLs in the current quarter are in our CF&A and CRE portfolios. Here again we have provided additional information with respect to these portfolios in the appendix. During the first quarter we experienced an increase in net charge-offs from the fourth quarter in our CF&A portfolio of $113 million; $232 million or 3.56% annualized of average balances. 106 million of this increase was related to commercial real estate exposures in our commercial real estate business unit. In addition, commercial real estate construction loans experienced an increase in net charge-offs for the first quarter versus the fourth quarter of last year of $55 million. All other categories of loan showed little change from the prior quarter levels. Slide #10 provides an updated view of our commercial real estate portfolio at March 31, 2009 by property type, by geographic location. For more than a year now we have been reporting on the detail surrounding the residential property segment of commercial real estate and will continue to provide more detail breakdown of the property types and geographic locations of the projects in the appendix materials. One thing I would mention here is that our outstanding balances in the residential property segment have been reduced by approximately 50% over the past 12 months and now represent 10% of total outstanding balances compared to 19% of total commercial real estate outstanding balances one year ago. As we have moved further into the economic cycle and presumably closer to the bottom of the decline in GDP, we are experiencing deterioration in other segments such as the retail property group which is dependent upon consumer spending to generate support rents. We are working with our customers in this segment as their projects come to completion to find solution for their permanent financing needs. In a number of cases where permanent financing is simply not currently available in the market we are structuring interim financing on our balance sheet and obtaining additionally of equity from the developer to remargin and extend the loan. As I mentioned earlier we have provided a more detailed breakdown of the retail property segment portfolio in the appendix. Slide #11 is an overview of our exit portfolios at March 31, 2009. These portfolios which total 9.1 billion at March 31, represented 12.1% of total loans, and loans held for sale and accounted for 28.3% of first quarter net charge-offs and 25.1% of nonperforming assets. These portfolios continue to be worked down during the first quarter and overall asset quality remains stable with the fourth quarter level albeit at elevated levels. And finally, turning to our capital ratios on Slide #12 we remain well capitalized by any regulatory measure. In our tangible equity to tangible asset ratio was a strong 9.23%. Excluding the TARP capital from this ratio, our tangible capital ratio was 6.74% and our tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio was 6.06% at March 31, 2009. We believe these ratios and the quality of the capital will compare favorably to our peers at March 31, 2009. That concludes our formal remarks. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. Operator?
Operator: (Operator instructions). Let's begin with Brian Foran with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs: Good morning, guys. How are you?
Jeff Weeden: Good.
Henry Meyer: Good morning.
Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs: I guess you have the $675 million convertible preferred outstanding and then the credit environment is obviously becoming increasingly tough. And then I guess is a third moving part you obviously have the stress test results coming up. Is that security in your mind one that's likely to be proactively converted to further strengthen the common equity component of your capital base?
Jeff Weeden: Brian, this is Jeff Weeden. We are certainly looking at all the different opportunities that maybe out there. And that is one that we have had discussions on with respect to the conversion of that particular security.
Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs: And then I guess is a follow-up when we look at some of the deterioration in NPAs, one of the issues you highlighted in the past is the liquidity issue on the commercial real estate side both commercial construction and commercial mortgages and the need to I guess re-underwrite some of these loans and keep them on your balance sheet. When we look at the jump-in in construction and commercial mortgage NPAs, can you give us a sense of how much of this is loans that otherwise would have rolled off your balance sheet in a normal credit environment and maybe are moving to nonperforming because of that and how much of it is just term loans on your balance sheet that would have gone bad no matter what credit environment – no matter what liquidity environment we were at?
Chuck Hyle: This is Chuck Hyle. I think that its, it's not – it's a bit of a split. Some of the larger names, we have a couple in particular that show up on the CF&A category that are clearly impacted by liquidity. These are major names that have access to the capital markets or at least used to have access to the capital markets. I think those are loans that would have, not be in the position they are in as an NPA if we had that liquidity in the business. I think most of the others in the CRE category, where we are able to refinance the asset in a logical way by either remargining or dealing with the developer in an appropriate way, those we're getting refinanced, those that clearly are impaired are moving into the NPA and charge-off categories. So it's a bit of a split.
Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We'll go next to Jeff Davis with Howe Barnes.
Jeff Davis – Howe Barnes: Good morning.
Henry Meyer: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Davis – Howe Barnes: Chuck, maybe I know loss rates e-log [ph] book out of the community bank are almost to minimus relative to where we are in the cycle maybe if you can comment on how you would expect that to play out over the next four quarters, five quarters, and not on employ rising unemployment impacts, it will not impact that maybe the industry. And then secondly, as it relates to the exit portfolio and then maybe liquidity generally, are things loosening up here in the last month or so that the ability to monetize assets looks like it's going to get better going forward?
Chuck Hyle: Jeff, on the first point, I would say, our home equity portfolio is continuing to perform as we have expected. We've seen a little bit of an increase in deterioration, although our early stage delinquencies in that category have actually improved. So, I think that March was a better month. And our LTVs, while they deteriorated a little bit from underwriting timeframe, where we are normally sort of 70% LTV, those have probably moved up to sort of 74%, 75% across the entire portfolio. We're clearly as we've reported in previous quarters seeing more deterioration in Ohio and the Midwest than in some of the other geographic locations, but our expectation is that this portfolio, which as you know, is pretty seasoned, originated over a long period of time, we don't have the LTV issue as some of the other regions do have and our expectation is that will carry on pretty much in the range that we have talked in the past. You have seen a little bit of an uptake in the utilization but it's fairly minor and overall, we are relatively happy with that portfolio. As far as second question is concerned, we haven't seen much change in liquidity in the held for sale side. We are very happy to put our commercial real estate portfolio out last spring. We had good activity through the summer and into the autumn. But in the first quarter I would say that liquidity was deminimus. I think we might have sold one transaction. And we don't see a lot of volume – particularly in the residential space we don't see a lot of volume in that through the end of the first quarter.
Jeff Davis – Howe Barnes: Chuck, let me ask one quick follow-up. Is that a function of just pricing is not acceptable to you all or is it a function of markets are still locked up, we now have the overlay of whatever the treasuries legacy security purchase program is going to do to the markets?
Chuck Hyle: Bit of both, Jeff. I would say that in the residential single family home space there is just no market. Everybody is waiting. And one or two of the other real estate space, there is some activity, and then it gets down to whether we like the price and we think it's better to hold on to them. But I would say overall the liquidity is pretty sparse.
Jeff Davis – Howe Barnes: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Could you tell us – you mentioned I think that some of the construction loans cannot find permanent financing and you've issued many (inaudible) when you rewrite the loan to put it into the commercial mortgage portfolio. What was the dollar amount of that in the quarter? And do you continue to see that as a source of funding these construction loans throughout the year if they cannot find financing?
Jeff Weeden: Gerard, this is Jeff Weeden. At the end of the quarter we had moved to approximately $1.3 billion of loans that went out of – that the completed construction and moved into the mortgage portfolio at that particular point in time.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And could you give us a little color on what types of property types? It was mostly in retail or mostly in office or whatever?
Jeff Weeden: Well, it was spread across a range of properties, certainly some retail, some office, and some warehouse. So it's pretty much a mix of asset classes.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: I see. And are all of the loans that have been moved over they would stand your credit underwriting test so that these aren't trouble debt restructurings or anything like that? These are legitimate new mortgages that you are comfortable with?
Jeff Weeden: Absolutely. We wouldn't do it otherwise and these tend to be with your larger and better developers that have other assets and if it doesn't underwrite to our standards, we don't do it.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. The other question was I think you guys in the non-performing asset slide that you have given us – I think it was on page 25, you mentioned that you've got some loans held for sale to dispose of. Can you tell us are those mark-to-market the ones that are held for sale? And if so, what have you marked them to market to relative to original balance?
Jeff Weeden: Yes. They are mark-to-market. Most of those, the $72 million that's in that particular outstanding balance at the end of the first quarter were from the original sale that we announced last year in the second quarter. And there's a schedule if you look at on page 27, it actually does the roll forward of that particular balance amount. But we've continued to mark those down and they're basically mark down to around the $0.40 on the dollar on average.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: And are you finding that at those levels they are readily salable, that's a pretty good mark at this point in time?
Jeff Weeden: Well, we continue to take write-downs on them each, you can kind of follow the progression on that slide 27, but we continue to work those, Chuck and his team work them very, very hard each and every quarter, but again it's a matter of how much liquidity is actually in the marketplace and what are we seeing for indication of values.
Chuck Hyle: Again Gerard, because this – most of those assets are in the residential space, as I said earlier, we don't have a – we're not seeing a lot of liquidity there.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: I see. And regarding the exit portfolio what are you guys – I mean, you're making steady progress obviously in reducing that portfolio. What seems to be a constraint to see even better progress? Is it pricing or is it the lack of financing that the potential buyers would need to find to buy these loans? What would accelerate it I guess?
Henry Meyer: Well, Gerard, it's Henry. We have – I have been little disappointed in the progress there and I think in almost every case, it's the lack of ability by the current borrower to find another take out. Still as you can see a lot of, these are performing loans, it's a strategic decision, but there aren't a lot of alternatives for these borrowers. Most of the reductions are the scheduled pay-downs, but we had hoped that getting out of the business would send some of those borrowers to an institution that was actively in that business and we haven't seen as much of that as we would have liked.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Great. And then one final question. Thank you for giving us the detail on the commercial real estate retail properties that you did this quarter. Could you – two questions. One, just define for us power center, what type of retailers are in the power center? And second you've done it in the past with your resi exposure pointing out that the California and Florida markets were weaker than most parts of the country. Where are the weaker spots regionally that you guys have seen in the commercial retail properties? Is it California and Florida again or is it somewhere else?
Henry Meyer: Gerard, the power centers are going to be your big box shopping centers. So if you go and see some of the larger – like a Wal-Mart, Target, Best Buy, you see a number of those very large retailers that are located in those particular centers. And clearly, what we see is this the – if you look at the schedule, obviously on page 23, you will see that the Southeast has some of the softer areas. It doesn't appear to be in Florida. It's more within the Carolina's and Georgia.
Chuck Hyle: And a bit in the southwest as well I think.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: I see. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions). We'll go next to David Knutson with Legal and General.
David Knutson – Legal and General: Hi, good morning. With Timothy Geithner's comments regarding loan underwriting standards being part of the criteria, what would be your company's view towards a shared national credit – Key traditionally has had relatively higher percentage of loan assets in the shared national credit program. Someone say that it's not direct origination or the underwriting is somewhat different?
Chuck Hyle: This is Chuck Hyle. Our percentage of our wholesale portfolio that is shared national credit really hasn't changed much in the last several years. I would say that we've got something like $7 billion – little over $7 billion where we are a participant in shared national credit and we lead about $1.3 billion. So that's about a third of our wholesale C&I portfolio and that percentage really has not changed in two years or three years. So that's been pretty consistent.
David Knutson – Legal and General: Okay. A follow-up would be on the student loan portfolio. The delinquencies are increasing relative to the recent past especially in private student lending. What's the company's view regarding reserve or provision requirements for that portfolio?
Chuck Hyle: Well, I think you see the reserve build up on the portfolio just simply looking at slide 9; we break everything out by portfolio. So, you'll see that the reserves are currently on that particular book of business standing at $170 million and represent 4.59%. Charge-offs are running on that entire book at about 3.5% right now. They have actually been relatively stable in the last couple of quarters. We do believe that student loans in the lending portfolio will track basically with the overall health of the consumer. So it's not unexpected that you would see a rise in delinquencies if unemployment, et cetera continues to increase.
David Knutson – Legal and General: Thank you.
Operator: We currently have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Henry Meyer.
Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator. And I'd like to thank all of you for taking your time from your busy schedules to participate on our call today. If you have any follow-up questions on the items we discussed, please call Vern Patterson, our Head of Investor Relations at 216-689-0520. That concludes our remarks and I hope everyone has a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Henry L. Meyer - Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer  Beth E. Mooney - Vice Chairman and Head of Key Community Banking Joseph M. Vayda - Treasurer Peter Hancock - Vice Chairman National Banking Charles S. Hyle - Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Analyst for Matthew O'Connor - UBS Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Justin Maller - Lord Abbott. Nancy Bush - NAB Research Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Welcome to KeyCorp's fourth quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry Meyer.
Henry L. Meyer: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Joining me for today's presentation is our CFO, Jeffrey Weeden. Also with us to participate in the Q&A portion of our call are Beth Mooney, Vice Chair of our Community Bank; our Chief Risk Officer, Chuck Hyle; and our Treasurer, Joe Vayda.  I am also pleased to have Peter Hancock with us this morning. Peter joined us in December as Vice Chair of National Banking and brings with him an extensive background in the financial services industry, spanning nearly 30 years. He was held positions in business management, capital markets, finance, and risk management, bringing a unique and important dimension to Key’s senior management team. If I could turn your attention to Slide 2, which is forward-looking disclosure statement, it covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question and answer segment of our call today. Now if you would turn to Slide 3, today we announced a net loss of $1.13 per share for the fourth quarter. The loss was primarily attributable to a non-cash accounting charge for goodwill impairment and continued building of the loan loss reserve. Our core results continue to benefit from solid performance from our community bank and decisions made to exit higher-risk or low-return, non-relationship businesses such as subprime lending and the actions taken to reduce our homebuilder exposure. Our results for the quarter and the year also reflect the decisive actions taken to fortify our balance sheet and position the company for this extremely challenging operating environment. These actions included participating in the U.S. Treasury’s Capital Purchase Program which bolstered our capital by $2.5 billion. For all of 2008 Key raised capital of $4.2 billion. At year end our tier-1 ratio was a strong 10.81% and our total capital ratio reached 14.67%. We also continued to strengthen our funding and liquidity position by issuing $1.5 billion of new term debt under the FDIC’s Temporary Liquidity Program.  The added capital and strong liquidity position allow Key to take advantage of new lending opportunities and support our existing relationships. As highlighted in our earnings release, in the fourth quarter we entered into more than 22,000 new extensions of credit with clients, representing approximately $5.7 billion in new or renewed loans. As I mentioned, we also continued to build our loan loss reserve given the current economic environment and uncertain outlook. In the fourth quarter our loan loss provision was $594.0 million, which exceeded our net charge-offs by $252.0 million. At year end our loan loss reserve stood at $1.8 billion and represented 2.36% of period-end loans and 147% of non-performing loans. During the fourth quarter Key reached an agreement with the IRS on all material aspects about global tax settlement on leasing transactions. As you will recall, Key took a $1.0 billion after-tax charge in the second quarter as a result of an adverse court ruling that impacted the accounting for certain lease financing transactions. During the fourth quarter Key and the IRS agreed on the terms for settlement on the disputed tax positions, which resulted in the reversal of $120.0 million of these charges. The positive benefit of the settlement was partially offset by the accrual of $68.0 million of additional taxes for GAAP purposes for the wind down of our Canadian leasing operation. Over the past several years we have also continued to focus on the strategic allocation of our capital. We have made substantial investments in our people, technology, and branch infrastructure, including our branch modernization program where we have completed 100 branches to date. We have also made progress in reshaping our business mix by exiting low-return and indirect portfolios and reallocating capital to our relationship businesses. Jeff will provide an update on our exit portfolio in his remarks. Key has clearly benefitted from past decisions to exit subprime mortgage, credit card, brokered home equity, consumer auto, and the McDonald brokerage business. We are also exiting direct and indirect retail and floor-plan lending for marine and recreational vehicle products and limiting new student loans to those backed by government guarantee. Now I will turn the call over to Jeff Weeden for a review of our financial results.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Slide 4 provides an overview of the company’s fourth quarter results. As Henry mentioned, we incurred a net loss of $1.13 per common share for the fourth quarter. While there are a number of items that impacted the quarter, the most significant items are noted on this slide and the respective EPS impact. We have included a more extensive of items impacting our quarterly results on page 2 of today’s earnings release. Of particular note was the $465.0 million, or $0.85 per share, non-cash charge we took for goodwill impairment in our national banking operation. This charge had no impact on any of tangible or regulatory capital ratios. And as Henry mentioned, we continue to build our reserve for loan losses and recognized a credit for reaching a settlement with the IRS in the quarter with respect to the disputed leveraged lease arrangements. Also during the fourth quarter we changed our plans for permanently reinvesting the proceeds of our Canadian leasing operations in Canada. As a result, we recognized under GAAP additional taxes on the accumulated earnings of this operation. Turning to Slide 5, the company’s net interest margin contracted in the fourth quarter to an adjusted 2.84% from 3.13% in the third quarter. This was greater than the contraction we were anticipating due to the asset-sensitive position the company was in and the significant cut by the Fed in interest rates experienced in the fourth quarter. As a result, we experienced asset repricing at a much faster pace than the ability to reprice deposits and other funding. In addition, we were maintaining much higher levels of excess funds during the fourth quarter to meet potential liquidity needs of our clients. We estimate having a larger balance sheet, as well as maintaining 30 to 90 day term funding, during the fourth quarter versus overnight funding, weighed on the margin approximately 12 basis points to 14 basis points. We also experienced a shift in our deposits to higher costing certificates of deposit from money market and NOW accounts. This further contributed to our asset sensitivity and along with the lagging down of rates paid on money market and NOW accounts due to the competitive market environment, further contributed to the margin pressure by another 8 basis points to 10 basis points. And finally, the reduced value of free funds and elevated levels of NPAs and NCOs also pressured the net interest margin. Turning to Slide 6, the loan categories on this slide have been adjusted for the exit portfolios identified earlier in 2008. For example, the marine and RV floor plan loans on this slide have been removed from the commercial, financial, and agricultural loans, CF&A totals, for all periods and are reflected in the exit portfolio details. Average total loans were up approximately $700.0 million from the third quarter. During the fourth quarter the company experienced a $1.3 billion increase in average balances of CF&A loans. This was primarily the result of client draws on commitments late in the third quarter. As the fourth quarter unfolded, we experienced many of these client draws paying down as liquidity conditions improved somewhat in the commercial paper markets. In addition, our ability to make new commercial loans in the markets we serve aided our commercial loan growth for the fourth quarter. The increase in average balances of CF&A loans was partially offset by decreases in leasing and the exit portfolios. Turning to Slide 7, average deposits increased $1.5 billion, or 2.4%, unannualized from the third quarter. Average deposits are up $4.9 billion, or 8.4%, from the same period one year ago. Included in this year’s balances are approximately $1.8 billion of balances associated with the Union State acquisition completed on January 1, 2008. The company experienced good growth in our community banking markets for deposits. As part of this growth, we continue to see a shift in customer preferences, away from NOW and money market accounts and towards term CDs with individuals locking in higher rates for CDs as overall market rates continue to decline. As we saw in our net interest margin, there was a cost associated with these shifting balances. We believe that longer term the growth in customer deposits will serve the company well by providing stable funding and ultimately a better overall cost of funds. Slide 8 shows a number of asset quality measures and the trends we have experienced over the past five quarters. Net charge-offs in the fourth quarter were 1.77%, which is up from 1.43% we experienced in the third quarter. This increase was incurred in our CF&A portfolio as well as across many of our consumer portfolios.  We also experienced an increase in non-performing loans and non-performing assets in the current quarter. Non-performing assets were up $225.0 million and represented 1.91% of total loans, other real estate owned, and other non-performing assets as of December 31, 2008.  Our reserve balances stood at $1.8 billion and represented 2.36% of total loans and 147% of non-performing loans at December 31, 2008. In the past year we have increased our reserve for loan losses by approximately $600.0 million. On Slide 9 we provide a breakdown of our credit statistics by portfolio for the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter we experienced an increase in net charge-offs from the third quarter in our CF&A portfolio of $57.0 million to $119.0 million, or 1.71% annualized of average balances. $29.0 million of this increase was tied to dealer floor plan lending in both recreational lending and auto floor plan. The balance of the increase came from two credits in the institutional bank, one related to a media company and the other to a technology-related credit. Non-performing loans also increased $106.0 million in the CF&A category, with the majority of this increase tied to dealer floor plan lending and a significant portion of this in the exit recreational lending portfolio, which experienced an increase of $61.0 million in NPLs in the fourth quarter. We expect the recreational lending portfolio to remain under stress as the economy continues to struggle. We will review the commercial real estate portfolio in more detail in a minute, however, we experienced a slight decrease in net charge-offs and continued to see an increase in non-performing loans during the fourth quarter from this portfolio. The residential mortgage and home equity books also experienced an increase in net charge-offs in the fourth quarter as we saw an increase in bankruptcy-related charge-offs and a continuation of the declining real estate prices. Overall, we expect these portfolios to remain under pressure as unemployment continues to rise and the declining real estate markets persist. However, we do expect to continue to see our community-bank based home equity loans outperform peer statics for overall credit quality. We have included a slide in the appendix of today’s materials, which provides additional statistics on our home equity loans. With respect to the marine lending portfolio, which is in a run-off mode, we saw an increase in charge-offs and repossessions as we continued to see recovery rates fall to approximately 50% for the fourth quarter, down from 55% in the third quarter and approximately 60% for the fourth quarter of 2007. Slide 10 provides an updated view of our commercial real estate portfolio at December 31, 2008, by property type, by geographic location. This portfolio of $18.5 billion of loans represented 24.2% of Key’s total loans outstanding and 46.1% of non-performing loans at December 31, 2008, and accounted for 26.9% of total net charge-offs for the fourth quarter. As was mentioned on the previous slide, this portfolio experienced a decrease in net charge-offs for the fourth quarter and the primary area of increase in non-performing loans in this portfolio was away from the residential property segment. We expect the commercial real estate portfolio to remain under pressure in 2009 with the residential real estate segment continuing to be worked down and we experienced deterioration in other segments, such as the retail property group, which went from no non-performing credits at September 30, 2008, to $58.0 million in non-performing credits at December 31, 2008. Slide 11 shows the detailed breakdown of the residential properties portfolio. This portfolio declined approximately $200.0 million from September 30, 2008, and $1.352 billion from December 31, 2007. Our exposures in Florida and California at December 31, 2008, stood at $615.0 million and represented 28.6% of our total residential properties CRE exposure, down from $1.449 billion, or 41.3%, of our total residential properties CRE exposure at December 31, 2007. Slide 12 is an overview of our exit portfolios at December 31, 2008. These portfolios, which totaled $9.5 billion at December 31, 2008, represented 12.3% of total loans and loans held for sale and accounted for 40.6% of fourth quarter net charge-offs and 32.9% of total non-performing assets. We expect to continue to experience elevated and a disproportionate level of net charge-offs from these portfolios in 2009. In addition, our expectations for paydowns on the portfolios has been extended as the economy continues to struggle, leaving fewer options for potential refinancing of these credits. And finally, turning to our capital ratios on Slide 13, we remain well capitalized by any regulatory measure and our tangible equity to tangible asset ratio is a strong 8.92%. Excluding the TARP capital from this ratio, our tangible capital ratio is 6.58% and our tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio was 5.95% at December 31, 2008. As I discussed when we were reviewing the net interest margin, we were maintaining excess liquidity during the fourth quarter to meet potential client needs. At December 31, 2008, we were carrying approximately $4.5 billion in excess funds sold position. Adjusting for this excess Fed Funds sold position, our tangible common equity ratio would have increased to approximately 6.22%. That concludes our remarks and now I will turn the call over to the Q&A segment of our call.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Analyst for Matthew O'Connor – UBS.
Analyst for Matthew O'Connor - UBS: You’re sitting with more capital than most but haven’t done a deal yet. Two other Ohio banks reported results today and are sitting in a weaker capital position. Do you have any appetite to consolidate within Ohio and can you do it without the help of the government?
Henry L. Meyer: You know we have always been looking for opportunities and as I have described on almost every quarterly call, our priority is to do them in market. While there are some higher-growth markets that Key participates in, we are not against trying to grow share in any of our markets, and that would include Ohio. This is a very difficult environment to do a deal. We have seen a couple of the deals that have been done have had assistance or have needed additional capital. So I would tell you that we are in a very strong position, but it isn’t burning a hole in our pocket and under the current valuations on balance sheets, I’m not sure and I haven’t studied it enough to really know all of the alternatives, but I’m not sure we wouldn’t need to raise even more capital.  We’ve got capital to do smaller deals. We are looking to participate in FDIC takeovers where our strong position would allow us in-market to be the winner on some of those bids.  But as far as your specific question, in Ohio I don’t think we are going to see many big deals done that aren’t pushed by the regulatory agencies for some time. At least until we see capital markets alternatives and activity pick up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: Liquidity, I think people are a lot more comfortable with 6%+ TC as opposed to being down in the 5%s. Are there other things you can do to raise TC as we look out into next year, assuming internal capital generation from earnings is going to be kind of minimal?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: We didn’t hear the first part of your question there but I know you were talking about capital and the need for 6%. I think if you look at the additional liquidity that we were carrying at the end of the year, on an adjusted basis, on a TCE basis, we were above the 6%, or in the 6.22% range. I think the other thing that you have to factor in is that we have mandatory convertible preferred that is also out there, in the area of about $658.0 million balance at the end of the year, so that would add, based on approximately $100.0 billion of assets, about 65 basis points more to the capital ratios.  So we think our capital ratios are actually in a very good shape. And we are going to continue to operate going forward here in a very prudent manner, focusing on credit quality and our portfolios and the overall liquidity of the public company, which is in excellent shape at this time.
Henry L. Meyer: I would just add to that, that Jeff reviewed the exit portfolios, which total over $9.0 billion. While there are not a lot of homes, and therefore that portfolio is not going to come down quickly, as that portfolio reduces it improves our capital number.  So I think given that we raised common equity in 2008, that we have added to our tangible through the TARP funds, that we really stand in pretty good shape and we are not looking at needing to raise additional capital, even in our more stressed scenarios for 2009 and 2010.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: The unfunded commitments, you mentioned some of the draw activity, Citigroup got some attention because in their $300.0 billion $50.0 billion of that was unfunded commitments in the government backstops. Have you seen any evidence that unfunded commitments being drawn today are adversely selecting and higher delinquency rates, higher default rates? Just any evidence we should think about, loss content coming out of unfunded commitments.
Charles S. Hyle: I think the short answer is no. A lot of the draws that we saw through our unfunded commitments in the fourth quarter were major companies that really didn’t have as much access to the commercial paper markets. And those drawings, while they were material during the quarter, have pretty much dissipated. So we really haven’t seen much in the way of adverse selection on the unfunded side.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: What kind of severities should we think about on floor plan loans? I’m assuming historically it has been pretty minimal but it would be going higher right now.
Charles S. Hyle: I think historically the loss rates were sort of like 7 basis points or something like that, so they have been quite minimal. And clearly they are going up, and they have gone up. Part of the issue is the out-of-trust situation and having good audit controls is really the most important aspect of this business. We have done a number of stress analyses on this. I don’t see the loss content, at least in our portfolio, going up dramatically but clearly it is going to be at somewhat elevated levels over the next number of quarters. But again, the critical feature here is good audit controls and if you let that get out of control then the loss content numbers can go up.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: You mentioned 6.22% excluding the excess liquidity and I realize you don’t need to carry as much as you did, or at least it doesn’t seem like you need to, but should we assume that you carry some going forward and then kind of haircut it and put it somewhere in between?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: In these uncertain times we are going to continue to have a little bit more in the form of excess liquidity than we would have had, say going back to 2007 and prior. Certainly I think 2008 and going through that particular type of an environment, it is just normal for us and natural for us to think about carrying more liquidity than what we have in the past. At the end of the year we just happened to have extra around because we didn’t know what client needs might come about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Maller - Lord Abbott.
Justin Maller - Lord Abbott.: Just on that score, to try to nail you down a little bit, is $4.5 billion really $2.5 billion kind of, in this environment? I think we’re just trying to get a sense, you’re trying to give us kind of a pro forma TCE and just trying to get a sense as we go into the first quarter and second quarter and so on, how much should that drift up, kind of all things equal. As you bring some of the liquidity down.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: I think in terms of the $4.5 billion of excess liquidity, I would think in terms of we will probably end up operating anywhere from $1.0 billion to $2.0 billion, so if you used $1.5 billion kind of as an excess type of a position, so from that regard, about $3.0 billion down from where we were.
Justin Maller - Lord Abbott.: And then also on the draws from your customers, kind of ballpark number, and that has started to come down, because that obviously would also be accretive to TCE, right?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Correct. But by the end of the year most of those draws had come down. So they were drawn in the third quarter, they continued to go up in the first part of the fourth quarter, and then we saw them basically pay down in the latter part of the fourth quarter.
Justin Maller - Lord Abbott.: You talked about a certain percentage of NPAs and charge-offs and so on related to the floor plan. Could you just review that, in the context of what you were just saying about the losses have tended to be pretty minimal and the key is the audit capabilities. I’m sure you are just trying to make sure whether it’s cars or boats or whatever that you have the inventory kind of controlled, but if you could describe that and what is there for lead into, obviously in the short term there is going to be some pressure as you need to move out of some of that stuff, but I would think by-and-large most of that should be money good, should it not?
Charles S. Hyle: Absolutely. And it is the critical feature of this business and our charge-off numbers, as Jeff outlined in the call, have gone up, split pretty evenly between recreational, boat, marine, RV, and auto, but your point is absolutely correct. That if you have good audit and you have the vehicles and you have good procedures, the loss content should be relatively minimal, but it is very clear that this is an industry that is going through a lot of stress right at the moment so the losses will be higher than they have been historically. But we don’t expect it to be a major loss content.
Justin Maller - Lord Abbott.: What is the total portfolio? How does it break down into auto dealers versus marine and RV? The reason I’m asking is I would think the auto side of it should be more liquid and easier to dispose of versus it might be a little bit tougher in the other two. Is that fair?
Charles S. Hyle: Yes, I think that’s fair. Auto is about $2.6 billion. 
Henry L. Meyer: We actually have a slide on the exit portfolio. I believe it’s about $950.0 million, $945.0 million, at the end of the year, so it’s identified on the exit portfolio, on the marine side of the equation.
Charles S. Hyle: It’s a smaller business and that’s actually beginning to liquidate a bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nancy Bush - NAB Research.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: I heard you say that the margin decline was due to your degree of asset sensitivity in the fourth quarter. Could you say again what you said guidance going into 2009?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: We did not provide specific guidance for going into 2009. I think a lot of the pressure we did experience in the fourth quarter, on a forward basis, there may be some additional pressure. It’s such a challenging time right now to provide a high degree of certainty around a number of these measures, but I would expect that the margin would begin to stabilize at this particular point.
Joseph M. Vayda: I would just add that, as we discussed earlier, we clearly put a premium on having strong liquidity at the end of the year and during the fourth quarter and we knew in making that decision it would detract somewhat from our tangible equity ratio but it also detracts from the net interest margin. And that’s where the asset-sensitive position comes from as well. When you are borrowing money for 30 to 90 days and investing in shorter term to create that excess liquidity, there is an increase in our cost of funds, that flows through a reduction in the margin. And as you know, there are many other moving parts to the margin as well. And there are clearly pressures in a low-rate environment, coming from the inability to lower deposit rates to the same degree that we’ve seen a decline in the Fed Funds target. Recognize that most of our loan book, about 65%, is floating rate in nature and responds pretty quickly to declining rates as the prime comes down and LIBOR declines as well, but that’s not necessarily the case, again, to the same degree, in the rates that we pay on our deposit book.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: You brought up the issue of deposits pricing, has there been any alleviation of the deposit pricing pressures in the Midwest? Has the demise of Nat City helped at all up to this point?
Beth E. Mooney: We continue to see our most competitive and aggressive rates continuing to be paid in our Midwestern and Great Lakes markets and since the end of the year we have seen some lessening of the overall rate environment that through the fourth quarter had money market offerings in the top of the market, in the 3% to 4%, range dropping into the high 2%s. But we still see Great Lakes competition as our most competitive deposit market. But it has eased a little since the first of the year.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Could you also address branch openings, plans for this year? Has there been any change in the plans for branch renovations, branch openings, as a result of the pretty extreme credit situation?
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, as you know, a key part of our strategy is the density of our distribution and continuing to invest in what we call strategic growth markets, primarily in our western Rocky Mountains and western Pacific Northwest. We do still have plans to consider de novo expansion into select markets and a more scaled back modernization program, but we continue to feel strategically that those are important parts of the community bank strategy, part of our competitiveness in the market, and we feel like we will continue to make those align to the times, but continue to make those investments.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Could you give us your views on the legislation that is winding through Congress with the cram-downs through the Chapter 13 bankruptcy filings? What is KeyCorp’s position on that?
Henry L. Meyer: We support where the financial services industry has come out on this and specifically the Round Table, which is that’s just bad policy and is going to affect how we make loans as an industry, going forward.  Its actual affect, as I think you know, on KeyCorp, is minimal because we’re just not much of a first mortgage lender. We do some CRA first mortgages and we do some private banking, but we got out of the first mortgage business quite a while ago because we just get our depositors to commit to long-term rates so we had an imbalance there. So it isn’t going to be a big issue for us as a bank. I think it’s a bigger issue for the industry and we think it’s bad policy to let bankruptcy judges decide how to change contracts.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: In terms of the credit deterioration that you have experienced, has there been any shifting in terms of you’re seeing more delinquencies in other parts of your franchise versus what you saw 6 or 12 months ago? Southern California residential construction of course, was a problem that you discovered 12 months ago. Are you seeing other parts of the country now becoming a hot spot for future credit deterioration?
Charles S. Hyle: I would say on the residential side it has clearly spread to a broader geography. Again, it is more southern but it is hard to generalize too much. I mean, there is weakness is residential markets pretty much across the board to one degree or another. Clearly we have seen delinquency in our floor plan business. We have seen some migration in broader consumer and commercial portfolios, very much driven, I believe, by the economy and the really rather dramatic shift the economy took in the fourth quarter. But in terms of our portfolio, our delinquency numbers, while they have moved some, they haven’t moved dramatically. But we have certainly seen some migration. So I think that is the way I would summarize for your question.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Are you more concerned that as the general recession takes hold and goes deeper, say over the next 6 to 9 months, that parts of the franchise that were not over-exposed to the housing bubble bursting may be more vulnerable to credit deterioration because now we are in a good old-fashioned down leg of the credit cycle?
Charles S. Hyle: Clearly it’s something we look at a lot and every bank portfolio is correlated to the general economy to a greater or lesser extent. But we have spent a lot of time over the last three years, particularly in our middle market and business banking books, to find ways to take real cyclicality out of those businesses. Focused on automotive industry, building material type companies, to try to anticipate that sort of down turn. I think we have done a relatively good job of that. But having said that, this is a real tough economy and there is a lot of uncertainty out there as to how deep and how wide the recession is going to be. But we are certainly very focused on that.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: You have been good at attacking the residential construction problems and trying to exit out of that area. One area of the portfolio I noticed this quarter had a little bit of a non-performing asset pickup was the unoccupied commercial real estate retail portion of the portfolio. Can you give us some color in that area since there have been so many retailers that have filed bankruptcy recently and more apparently are expected. Is that particular portfolio of more concern than maybe 3 or 6 months ago?
Charles S. Hyle: It’s clearly of more concern than it was 6 months ago. I think we disclosed at the end of the third quarter we had an exceptionally clean portfolio in retail. Virtually no NPLs or delinquencies. And we do have an increase of about $58.0 million in the NPL category in the fourth quarter. That is isolated to two or three instances which I would characterize as not material problems, in the sense that I think they’re not no-hopers, but clearly there has been some degradation there. In terms of our exposure to retail, and this is a book that we have underwritten quite carefully and have a great diversity in our retail client base. I think we only have about three or four retailers that make up more than 1% or 2% of the revenue stream associated with this book. So it is very well diversified and those top three or four are all sort of single-A-type national credits.  But clearly we are watching the retail space very carefully and any of the troubled retailer names, I would put it well below 1% of the rental property flows in that portfolio. But clearly it’s an area that we are watching very carefully.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: Can you elaborate a little more on the deposit shift? I guess it’s like $3.0 billion away from the lower cost NOW, money market accounts. That $3.0 billion into higher-priced CDs. I guess you were paying 1% before and now you are paying 4% on these CDs so that certainly can hurt the margin. Can you talk about that shift a little bit more and the trade-off in going toward the higher priced CDs versus other government-insured debt funding programs.
Beth E. Mooney: We did see a distinct preference shift in the fourth quarter into certificates of deposits as Fed rates declined when the spread between what is available in the money market and what was available competitively in the markets for term CDs widened, we saw a significant shifting as consumers and other holders of liquid fund, as well as a flight to quality under FDIC insurance limits that were increased in the fourth quarter, we saw a migration. There was some shifting, also, as a result of diversification of funds in certain account holders, particularly in our wealth group, migrating deposits around to be in compliance with FDIC insurance limits. So we did see some decline in the wealth sector. But the largest proportion of the shift really was flight to higher rate certificate of deposits.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: And the relative trade-off between pursuing more CD growth versus some of the newer government-insured debt programs.
Joseph M. Vayda: First of all, picking up on Beth’s comment, of course when you shift from our money market accounts to CDs it’s at a higher rate to the customer, and the pressures on the rates, due to competitors, particularly in the Midwest, is also true in the CD market. We do need to compete there and we do look to protect our deposit base, but again it has a cost to it. And, frankly, picking up on my comment earlier related to asset sensitivity, when you are booking fixed rate CDs, primarily in the one to two year time frame, that’s a contributor to becoming more asset sensitive as well, relative to the money that previously had been in money market accounts. As far as the government programs, as you are probably aware, we have participated and issued under the FDIC’s Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program, and we have issued $1.5 billion to date. That was all in the fourth quarter.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: And what is the rate on that $1.5 billion?
Joseph M. Vayda: We have done some on a floating rate basis and some fixed. When you add in the government guarantee, the all-in cost to us tends to be around LIBOR plus 180 basis points or so. Historically that is expensive so it increases our costs but relative to other market alternatives it is less expensive.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: So CDs are still better than the LIBOR plus?
Joseph M. Vayda: Today is fairly close to each other.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: At some point might you reduce the push on the CDs and issue more government-insured debt?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: We have capacity for $2.0 billion under the current approved levels for the government-insured debt. We have issued $1.5 billion. So I think we still look at what’s the overall diversification of the funding, as well as the client relationships that we are trying to maintain and improve upon here. So there are trade-offs and we recognize what some of those trade-offs are, but they also will come up for repricing here, each and every month obviously. And not all the pricing was offered in the one-year or two-year time period. We offered five-month CDs that we put people into at the end of the year, as well as eleven-month and eight-month and we will have repricing opportunities with those coming up, too.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: A little bit more on the C&I charge-offs, going from 94 basis points to 172 basis points and I guess auto floor plans. But can you elaborate more because that is a pretty big jump in a category that previously had been better.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: In the comments I talked about there were two areas, one happened to be the auto floor plan, which contributed about $29.0 million in charge-offs in the fourth quarter. And the other happened to be in the institutional area where there were two credits, one was in the media area, the other was a technology-related credits. And those two credits accounted for $37.0 million of the charge-offs. So if you take the $37.0 million and the $29.0 million, that accounts for the increase in charge-offs.  We are going to continue to have charge-offs associated with business banking and other C&I-related credits. I think we saw a decrease within the community bank on what we call commercial middle market. Those charge-offs, we had two specific charge-offs in the third quarter and then we dropped back down in that particular book of business. So the incidents are fairly clear, I think, to identify, in the fourth quarter, and as Chuck and I both talked about, we expect that we will have charge-offs in the dealer floor plan area as we continue to work some of those books down.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: So C&I losses maybe go down next quarter?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: I don’t think we’re in a position to make any types of comments with respect to charge-offs. We’re not providing forward-looking information. I think it’s a very difficult environment in the economy. You can always have a credit or two that come up, just like we did in the fourth quarter, that can make that rate fluctuate.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Justin Maller - Lord Abbott.
Justin Maller - Lord Abbott: First on Gerard’s question about the commercial real estate, obviously that is a source of consternation for many people with you, but as a percent of your assets or loans, it seems to be kind of in line with peers, although you are much more tilted toward the non-owner occupied because of the originate and sell model. But what percentage of those loans today, of the $13.0 billion call it, are fully funded and not taking draws and therefore would potentially be artificially low from and NPA and/or charge perspective, if that makes sense? I’m just trying to understand how many of those have already graduated to fully funding and therefore paying status and we can therefore watch what the NPA trends and charge trends are going forward.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Of the total non-owner occupied the remaining unfunded portion is about $3.2 billion. So that is the remaining unfunded portion of the non-owner occupied.
Charles S. Hyle: And we brought that number down. I would guess, off the top of my head, it’s down to almost a $1.0 billion over the last quarter or so. So we have certainly been bringing that number down every way we can.
Justin Maller - Lord Abbott: Even within the $13.0 billion, a certain percentage of those would still be projects that would be drawing down on the $3.2 billion, would it not?
Charles S. Hyle: That is correct.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Unfunded commitments in the last year have gone from $5.5 billion to $3.2 billion so while projects have continued to become completed and typically you would see, if the secondary markets were operating more efficiently or operating almost at all, you would see more of those credits leave the balance sheet. So you are correct in your assumption that as these have become fully funded there aren’t as many alternatives.  But there are still alternatives out there for whole loan sales. The CMBS market obviously has pretty much shut down but whole loan sales are still taking place.
Justin Maller - Lord Abbott: But you are 100% comfortable that the underwriting that you put against that portfolio was anything you would have put in the portfolio, therefore to the extent you can’t move it through CMBS or otherwise, you would hope that the migration of those credits should be no different than what you would be owning.
Charles S. Hyle: That’s correct. We put a lot of time and effort into having robust underwriting standards and we are pretty comfortable with holding onto those assets, assuming performance.
Justin Maller - Lord Abbott: On the funding, did you participate at all in the TAF auctions? Because I know that some of the banks that did were able to reduce meaningfully borrowing and stuff, HLB and otherwise, and take advantage of 30 basis points to 50 basis points kind of total costs, funding opportunities. And I know you mentioned the debt, you took advantage of the government-backed debt, but just wondering on the wholesale side if that made sense?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes, you are correct, that’s exactly what we did. In fact, our home loan advances right now are zero and we have participated under the TAF program.
Justin Maller - Lord Abbott: So looking forward on them, how should we think about it, as CDs start to mature and roll back down and hopefully we are done with the rate cuts, would you hope that it kind of bottoms here or is there still potentially some more pressure as we move in the first quarter?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: As I answered the question earlier, we believe most of the pressure is out of the margin at this particular point in time but we are not providing forward-looking guidance on the margin. But we do believe most of the pressure is out of it at this point. We saw a tremendous amount of pressure obviously in the fourth quarter.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue.
Henry L. Meyer: Again we thank all of you for taking time from your busy schedules to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions on the items we discussed this morning, please call Vern Patterson, our head of Investor Relations, at 216-689-0520.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Henry Meyer – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Weeden – CFO Tom Bunn – Vice Chair [Chuck Hyle – Chief Risk Officer]
Analysts:  Matthew O'Connor – UBS Anthony Davis – Stifel Nicolaus Edward Nagarian – Merrill Lynch Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to KeyCorp's third quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry Meyer.
Henry Meyer: Welcome to KeyCorp's third quarter earnings conference call. Joining me for today's presentation is our CFO, Jeffrey Weeden. Also joining me for the Q&A portion of our call are Vice Chairs Tom Bunn and Beth Mooney and our Chief Risk Officer [Chuck Hyle]. Slide 2 is our forward-looking disclosure statement. It covers both our presentation and the Q&A session that will follow.  Now if you turn to Slide 3, before Jeff covers our financial results, I want to comment on the way we are strategically positioning Key to deal with the current economic environment and the challenges facing the financial services industry. In my 35 years in banking, we have successfully managed through a number of difficult credit cycles and as I reflect back on those past cycles, I cannot recall a time when we were more prepared than today. Key has continued to strengthen its balance sheet by maintaining strong capital levels and continuing to increase its loan loss reserves. At the end of the third quarter, our tier one capital ratio was 8.84% and we had a total risk based capital ratio of 12.31%, both of which place us well above the well capitalized regulatory standard, and positions Key to respond to future business opportunities. In the third quarter, Key's loan loss reserve increased by $133 million to $1.55 billion which represents 2.03% of total loans and $161% of our non-performing loans. We believe we have been consistent in our conservative reserving philosophy which has and should continue to serve us well in this credit cycle. Key has also continued to practice an active risk management. As previously reported, Key is in the process of aggressively reducing our exposure to the home builder segment of our commercial real estate business. As of the end of the third quarter, our total residential property exposure in commercial real estate including loans held for sale, has been reduced by $1.3 billion or 34% from one year ago, and most important, the majority of the reduction has come from the weakest part of the portfolio. I would also emphasis that Key does not have a sub prime mortgage portfolio, a credit card portfolio or a consumer auto loan portfolio, the epicenters of consumer credit issues.  We have also continued to focus on our relationship businesses. Our Community Bank had another solid quarter with year over year growth in revenues and deposits. In fact, we saw revenue growth over the prior year in every one of our 23 districts. This business benefits from its geographic diversity with approximately two-thirds of both loans and deposits being outside of our Great Lakes region. We have also continued to invest in our Community Bank in areas such as branch modernization where we have completed 70 branches with a target of remodeling two-thirds of our almost 1000 Key centers over the next five years.  We have continued to invest [Zenova] branches to strengthen our positions in low share, higher growth markets. And, we have continued to invest in technology with the roll out of our new branch platform which we have named Teller 21. Despite the market turmoil, we are building a relationship based, customer focused business model which we are confident will position us well as the economy ultimately recovers. In our national banking business group, our focus remains on risk management and improving risk adjusted returns. This includes aggressively reducing our exposure in targeted portfolios and pricing appropriately for the risk. Another area of focus has been our asset management business, Victory Capita Management. While equity markets have been volatile this year, Victory's investment performance compares very favorably to benchmarks and its peers. And finally, our relationship based strategy is supported by the strategic allocation of capital to those businesses that generate appropriate risk adjusted returns over the long term. We will continue to emphasize our relationship strategy and provide capital to the areas of our company that consistently demonstrate the ability to grow and show positive returns above the cost of capital. We continued to take decisive steps at Key in the third quarter to exit low return, indirect businesses so that the company can focus its capital and resources on its best relationship customers. We are in the process of exiting direct and indirect retail and floor plan lending for marine and recreational vehicle products and will limit new student loans to those backed by a government guarantee. Slide 4 shows the actions we have taken over the past several years to reshape our company, once again, consistent with our relationship approach. In addition to our announcements this quarter, we have previously exited sub prime mortgage, indirect automobile financing and broker originated home equity lending and sold these portfolios some years ago. Our most recent bank acquisition, U.S.B. Holding Company, a parent of Union State Bank, was completed earlier this year. This acquisition continues to perform as expected and doubled our branch penetration in the attractive lower Hudson Valley area of New York. We will continue to take steps to further focus on our relationship strategy and use our capital where we have cross sell opportunities within our franchise. Before I turn the call over to Jeff to review our financial results, I want to make a couple more comments with respect to two of the government's programs recently announced. First, with respect to the [TARP's] U.S. Treasury Preferred Capital program, subject to discussion and approval by our Board, we do expect to apply under this program. The appropriate range of amounts for Key that Key would be eligible is between $1.1 billion and $3.3 billion. Our current expectation would be that we would apply for more than the minimum but probably not the maximum. We will be discussing the amount over the next week or two among our team and with the Board and we know of no reason why we would not receive approval if we do apply. The additional capital from the [TARP's] senior program would allow us additional capacity for loan growth for our relationship customers and be good for the economy. And finally, we are assuring our clients that Key is automatically included in the unlimited deposit insurance program with respect to balances held in non-interest bearing demand accounts and we will continue in the program after the initial 30 day period established by the FDIC. Their money is safe at Key. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff to go over the financials.
Jeffrey Weeden: I'll begin with the financial summary shown on Slide 5. Key reported a loss of $0.10 per common share in the third quarter compared to a profit of $0.57 for the same period one year ago. Items impacting the third quarter results are shown on Slide 6. The most significant item identified on Slide 6 is a continuation of the build of the loan loss reserve. During the third quarter, we continued to add to our reserves as provision exceeded net charge offs by $134 million. In addition, as we described in our earnings release this morning, the Lehman failure resulted in the cancellation of various derivative contracts, leaving Key exposed to changes in market prices with respect to where we operate match book positions. Because these markets moved quickly during the hours following the cancellation of the Lehman contracts, we incurred a loss of $54 million to cover exposures with other counter-parties to restore the match books we maintain for customer positions. I'll discuss in a minute the update on the previously announced commercial real estate loan sale. The reversal of the litigation reserve relates to the [Hansadore] case we settled in September. This case was reserved for back in the second quarter of 2007 and was in our principal investing area. This reversal almost fully offset the $24 million negative marks we incurred in principal investing during the third quarter. And finally, on this slide, we note the severance and other exit costs we incurred in the third quarter, including those costs related to marine and educational lending areas that Henry covered in his remarks. We expect to incur additional costs which we currently estimate in the range of $10 million to $15 million range, related to these areas in the fourth quarter of 2008. Turning to Slide 7, on this slide we provide an update on the status of our leverage lease dispute with the IRS and our commercial real estate loan sale we announced in the second quarter. With respect to the leverage lease dispute, as we said in our earnings release, we have opted in to the IRS global settlement initiative and expect to sign a closing agreement as soon as the fourth quarter of this year. As a result of this settlement agreement moving forward, we would also expect to record an after tax recovery of previously accrued interest on the disputed balances of between $75 million and $100 million as soon as the fourth quarter of this year.  On the right hand side of this slide, we provide an update on the residential commercial real estate property loan sale during the third quarter. Given the very difficult market conditions we faced during the third quarter, we were pleased to have made as much progress as we did to monetize a number of these loans. We still have $133 million recorded at September 30 in the "Held for Sale" category and an additional $35 million held in other real estate owned. We also recognized realized and unrealized losses of $31 million in the third quarter with respect to these loans. This amount was noted on the previous slide as an item impacting our third quarter results. Our goal is to continue to work these credit balances down during the course of the remainder of the year. Turning to Slide 8, the company's tax equivalent net interest income for the third quarter 2008 was $705 million, down $7 million from the same period one year ago. For the third quarter of 2008, our net interest margin was 3.13%, down from 3.40% we reported for the same period one year ago, and down from the adjusted 3.2% we reported for the second quarter of 2008. Negatively impacting the margin by approximately 10 basis points in the third quarter compared to the second quarter was the prospective reduction in net interest income caused by the second quarter 2008 recalculation of income on our contested leverage lease portfolio. In addition, tight spreads on draws related to older lines of credit and the competitive environment for deposits, pressured the margin. Our expectation for the net interest margin is for it to remain under pressure during the fourth quarter as we continue to see draws under existing lines of credit at old spreads which out weigh the better spreads we are achieving on new and renewal credit facilities. In addition, we expect deposit costs to remain elevated due to the lack of functional capital markets for financials. Also, the prospects for a future Fed interest rate cut will limit the opportunity for proportional reduction in deposit costs below a certain level. Given this, we look for the net interest margin to decline to the 3.00% to 3.10% range for the fourth quarter. Turning Slide 9, average loans from continuing operations increased approximately $8.5 billion from the same period last year, and were down $.5 billion compared to the second quarter of 2008. Impacting average balance comparisons to the same period last year, was the transfer of $3.3 billion of student loans at the end of the first quarter from a "Held for Sale" to the loan portfolio and approximately $1.5 billion of loans acquired as part of the Union State Bank acquisition completed January 1 of this year. Comparisons to the second quarter are impacted by the commercial real estate loans we transferred to a "Held for Sale" as well as those portfolios placed into a run off mode. In the appendix of today's slide we have provided a breakdown of the portfolios we currently have on run off status. Our outlook for average total loan growth on a linked quarter basis for the fourth quarter is to be up low to mid single digits as we expect to see commercial balances increase and consumer loans related to our run off portfolios decline. Turning to Slide 10, average deposit balances are up $3.8 billion compared to the same period one year ago and increased $.8 million from the second quarter of 2008. Included in this year's balances are approximately $1.8 billion of deposits associated with the Union State Bank acquisition. As we have been saying for some time, competition for deposits in our markets remains strong. We have experienced growth in personal dba balances within the Community Bank throughout 2008. Where we have seen the greatest increase in deposits during the third quarter and throughout the year, has been in the CD categories. As rates have declined for transaction related accounts those customers have been placing their money in higher yielding certificates of deposit accounts. Corporate deposits are little changed from both last year and the second quarter. However, activity charges as reflected in our deposit service charge income have increased significantly compared to those same periods a year ago as customers are paying for these fees rather than through balances as interest rates have declined. Our expectation for deposit growth remains in the low to mid single digit range for the fourth quarter. Slide 11 shows our asset quality summary. Net charge offs in the quarter declined to $273 million or 1.43% of average loans on an annualized basis compared to the $524 million, or 2.75% in the second quarter of 2008. Non-performing loans as of September 30, 2008 totaled $967 million and represented 1.26% of total loans. Total non-performing assets at September 30, 2008 were $1.239 billion or 1.61% of total loans, other real estate owned and other non-performing assets. As you can see on this slide, non-performing loans increased $153 million and non-performing assets were up just $29 million from the June 30 balances. Our total reserve for loan losses increased to $1.54 billion up $133 million from June 30, 2008 and up $599 million from September 30, 2007. Our allowance represented 2.03% of total loans and 161% of non-performing loans at September 30, 2008. On the next several slides, we provide some additional information with respect to asset quality statistics from the third quarter. In addition, we have included other slides in the appendix of today's materials. On Slide 12, we show non-performing asset trends and the changes in the various categories between the quarters. The most significant movement during the third quarter versus the second quarter were the increase in non-performing loans and commercial real estate, primarily in the residential property segment and a reduction in non-performing loans held for sale, which I covered earlier. In addition, we had a modest increase in commercial non-performing loans primarily related to automobile floor plan lending. Slide 13 provides a summary by asset size of our total non-performing commercial loans at September 30, 2008. Again, commercial and industrial non-performing loans are tied closely to the residential real estate related exposures and what is new this quarter is an increase in automobile floor plan lending non-accrual loans. With respect to commercial real estate loans on non-accrual, it is mostly residential real estate related. Slide 14 is a breakdown of our credit statics by portfolio for the third quarter of 2008. With respect to net loan charge offs by individual loan categories compared to the second quarter of this year, commercial and industrial loans were stable. Commercial real estate loans improved significantly due to our second quarter actions. Community banking home equity loans continued to perform very well at only 36 basis points of loss. In other consumer loans, in total, were stable compared to the second quarter with marine showing additional stress and educational loans improving. As Henry commented earlier, with the exception of the government guaranteed student loans all other national banking consumer lending portfolios are currently in run off status. The balance of these portfolios at September 30, 2008 were $7.8 billion.  In addition, we have approximately $1 billion of residential construction loans and $1 billion of marine floor plan loans in run off status at September 30, 2008. In total, these run off portfolios declined approximately $600 million from the June 30, 2008 balances. We will continue to use the cash flow provided by these run off portfolios to redeploy to other relationship businesses. Turning to Slide 15, this is an updated summary of our commercial real estate portfolio by property type, by geographic location. We continue to monitor this portfolio closely and expect to see some downward migration of credit outside of the residential properties category over time. However, through September 30, 2008 we have only seen a modest increase in near term delinquencies and an improvement in loans 90 days past due when compared to June 30, 2008. Turning to Slide 16, we provide some additional details on our residential properties portfolio. Our total residential commercial real estate outstanding balances continued to decline in the third quarter. Over the past 12 months, outstanding balances are down $1.3 billion. Non-performing loans in this portfolio represent 76% of total commercial real estate, NPL's and 36% of total NPL's for Key. And the last slide I would like to cover before we move to the questions is Slide 17. All of the company's capital ratios remained in the upper half of our targeted ranges for the ratios as noted on this slide. Our tangible capital to tangible asset ratio was 6.95% and our tier one capital ratio was 8.84% at September 30, 2008. As Henry said in his remarks, our capital accounts are in good shape, well above the regulatory requirements for well capitalized banks, and they provide us with the necessary strength and flexibility to serve our customers. That concludes our remarks. I'll turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Matthew O'Connor – UBS.
Matthew O'Connor – UBS: Slide 29 in the appendix is very helpful. It lays out all the exit portfolios, about $10 billion. It's a pretty big number relative to your loan portfolio and as you think about this rolling off, should we think about it pretty meaningful deleveraging of the balance sheet, or would you look to replace some of these assets? I'm thinking beyond the draw down of commercial loans.
Jeffrey Weeden: I think there's going to be opportunities for us for new lending relationships going forward in the markets that we serve within the Community Bank and also within national banking. We would look for this particular portfolio longer term to provide us with additional liquidity to redeploy into those particular relationships in the markets.  The expectation would be somewhere between $600 million a quarter that this would run off at least for the fourth quarter and looking out a little bit beyond that.
Matthew O'Connor – UBS: And then related expense, give up as these assets roll off?
Jeffrey Weeden: I think on the expense side, what we took was a severance and other exit costs in the third quarter. It was about $19 million in total. About $10 million of that was related specifically to the marine and educational lending business, and we expect that we're going to see an additional $10 million to $15 million of exit costs associated with that in the fourth quarter. That's for not only severance, but we wrote off about $4 million of good will in the third quarter, and then we'll have some occupancy costs that will go away. On a go forward basis, we would expect to see about $20 million to $25 million of annualized cost improvement as we get into 2009.
Tom Bunn: If you look at our businesses and you look at the changes that we've done in the real estate business, the refocusing of those businesses plus the consumer finance business that Jeff has talked about, when you look from September of '07 through the announced changes which will take effect in December of '08, our head count in national banking will be down about 20% point to point. So that supports the numbers that Jeff just talked about.
Matthew O'Connor – UBS: I think all of the large mid west banks have come out with earnings. We're seeing a couple of similar trends. One, deposit pressures out there, two, it seems like everybody's shrinking assets by the balance sheet and there's no margin pressure because of deposit pricing and general liquidity issues. The kind of environment we're in right now, is this when we finally get some consolidation among specifically the Ohio banks. I'm thinking the [TARP] capital, there's some thought out there that it will only be available related to acquisition. I'm wondering how you think about that and any commentary specifically on what Treasury [inaudible] capital.
Henry Meyer: There's no question that Treasury's intent for the capital is to make more loans and it addresses some of the comments that you started with which is the deposit raising is still expensive especially as we continue to see downward movement from the Fed which lowers the prime rate and we do run into sort of a floor on the deposit side. I have said for some time, and I think this very unstable and unprecedented financial environment that we're in will lead to further consolidation in our industry at a time when the financial services industry, banking in particular stabilizes.  I think there's still a lot of uncertainty about the future, about the state of credit quality, where it's going, how deep the recession might be, how long it might be, what that will mean for consumer portfolios. So I wouldn't expect to see a lot of M&A activity other than the troubled institution activity that we've seen that is much more rifle than shotgun. But I think we'll see more shotgun as the market stabilizes over the next 18 to 24 months.
Matthew O'Connor – UBS: So behind the scenes is not regulatory or government pressure to consolidate?
Henry Meyer: No. That has not been an issue that we're aware of or that the bank's aware of. I think in more detail than you want, but we've seen an inverted PE where the bigger banks were in the 10 to 12, the medium banks were 12 to 14 and the community banks were running at PE's of 16 to 18. This access to capital and growth has brought a lot of those ratios down to where acquisitions in a more normal environment should be easier to do. So I think we'll see more activity. But it isn't the government as much as it is, I think Board's and management from some bank realizing that there aren't enough companies still willing to pay four times book which is a number that we saw on a number of occasions in 2006 and 2007. I think that rationalizing of where the buy/sell meet will help activity get done.
Operator: Your next call comes from Anthony Davis – Stifel Nicolaus.
Anthony Davis – Stifel Nicolaus: Just a little more color here on the [Snake] portfolio. I just wondered what the size of it right now, but a percentage of those loans are non-accrual and how your internal grades compare with the results when national is down.
[Chuck Hyle]: The size of our [Snake] portfolio hasn't changed dramatically. In fact it has hardly changed at all over the last number of quarters. In terms of how we've come up on the ratings in this last go round, we actually compare quite favorably to the national averages.  We are running in some of the categories about half of the national average, and I think the reason for this is that we have very much stayed away from the large leverage loan business that we saw a lot of back in '06 and early '07. We've stayed completely away from it and I think that one of the focuses of this thinking this year was on a lot of those large leveraged loans, the so-called covenant light deals. That's where the national averages have gone up quite dramatically. We stayed away from that and our [Snake] portfolio reflects that.
Anthony Davis – Stifel Nicolaus: The second largest component of CRE is retail behind residential construction, yet you're not showing any change in the MPL's there. I wonder if you could give us some color on what you're seeing in terms of risk classification migrations, 30, 80, 90 days length, just how you feel about that portfolio?
Chuck Hyle: It obviously a portfolio we have been scrutinizing a lot over the last six to nine months. Thus far, the numbers have held up extremely well. About a billion of the $2.6 billion is completed and the completed projects are very close to 100% leased. The remainder, the $1.6 billion of construction, the way we've underwritten that portfolio has been, we don't start construction until it's 50% leased. In most cases it's higher than that. A very high proportion of the portfolio is underwritten to at least break even coverage on debt service, probably two-thirds of it, a little bit higher than that. It's very geographically diversified. I think we have no MSA that accounts for more than 5% or 6% of that portfolio. The average size is about $10 million, so it's not a lot of big stuff. But clearly, the retail side given the changes and the economic outlook over the last month or so, we clearly are watching that very carefully, but thus far any of the bankruptcies in the retail side have not have had an impact on this portfolio. We've not had any exposures to those names. So we're watching and looking very carefully, but thus far I think we've underwritten the portfolio well and we're going to keep watching it and see how we get through Christmas.
Anthony Davis – Stifel Nicolaus:  Across the company you've got various types of relationship businesses here. I wonder if you could talk a bit more about the attractiveness of the community banking versus the national banking relationships today and what that implies here for future strategy.
Henry Meyer:  We have been trying to exit the non relationship businesses, and I'm not sure that they fall perfectly on national versus the community bank. We have in our national banking group some strong relationship businesses and we're continuing to put dollars there as we've said where the returns more than justify the cost of that capital. What we're doing is getting out of a lot of the indirect businesses. Those only recently in Key bank history have become part of the national bank. They're really consumer driven, but because of the way we classified where they were doing business, and it's really the indirect. It's really where there isn't a specific relationship. The reason for that, I have my people claim that there's a relationship if there's a loan. That's not a relationship to me. We do analysis that shows that those clients, corporate and retail who do more business with us have more services with us, that those returns are way above our cost of capital. So relationship means to us doing more than one thing. I'd like to be doing two or three things, but it's really that focus that we're continuing. This is not new. We've been doing this for seven or eight years in trying to work our way towards more of the relationship, to it really being the dominant strategy, philosophy and way we do business. And this economic environment has just pushed us to say, let's just exit these businesses that are commodity and indirect.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Ed Nigorian – Merrill Lynch]
Ed Najarian – Merrill Lynch: You alluded to a longer term higher loss ratio on commercial real estate outside of the residential construction portfolio. I was wondering if you could give a little more perspective on that from a timing and magnitude standpoint. And Henry, I wonder if you could address you comfort, clearly strong capital ratios, if you could address your comfort level with the dividend going forward.
[Chuck Hyle]: I think on the residential side we do believe we have the worst of the portfolio pretty well behind us now so I think those loss rates will come down. But given that we've seen virtually no charge off activity in the rest of the commercial real estate portfolio and given what I said earlier about the change in the outlook for the economy, we do expect to see some migration there. We've seen very little in retail. We've seen virtually none in other parts of the commercial real estate portfolio at this point. But the given the potential severity of the economic shift, we do expect to see some migration over the next couple of quarters. I guess that's the way I would summarize our view on commercial real estate.
Henry Meyer: On my comfort level with the dividend, as I think all of you know the Board reviews our dividend on a quarterly basis. We were comfortable, I was comfortable recommending the $0.75 for the third quarter and we'll take a look at where we are in the fourth quarter, but our participation in the capital program, the reversal of some of the charges that we took related to the IRS, and some of the reserve building and one timers lead me to be very comfortable with where we are on this data.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: Could you elaborate more on the draw downs that you mentioned, that it hurt the margin. Why is that? Are the terms just locked in stone and the borrowers are getting good rates or is there something else going on?
Tom Bunn: As we've all been in this business for awhile, we know in the cycles as you go into a very strong cycle, corporate renegotiates their revolvers, three to five year revolvers in very aggressive terms. Unfortunately the bank let them. And so what we see as we go into this cycle and corporate who have established lines of credit in some cases have been shut out of the capital markets, either the CP markets or long term debt markets. They've turned to these revolvers and these revolvers have 2006 and 2007, 2005 type pricing and are probably in place for another two or three years. What you're finding is while they are generally tied to ratings, they are still very aggressively priced and they certainly would not be priced in those revolvers not be priced in those ranges if they were redone today. As we see revolvers mature and get re-priced and restructured, not surprisingly rates across the board and spreads, fees, etc., are all going up. But we are living with a legacy of established revolvers that corporates' are using to draw. And we're seeing utilization rates as you can imagine because of the capital markets, utilization rates going up. What we've seen in the institutional bank, from a low of 24% it's now right around 39%. So that's the spread compression that Jeff talked about against those revolvers.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: How much are we talking about here? We're saying 2006 pricing on new 2008 loans which are mandated due to the lines of credits that have been in place, so how big is this?
Jeffrey Weeden: Are you talking about the draws on the facilities?
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: Yes.
Henry Meyer: From a market compression standpoint, it's a combination of things that we provided. In my comments, these particular draws, we also have.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: How much is being drawn down in dollar amounts?
Henry Meyer: The dollar amount of the draws? 
Jeffrey Weeden: It will vary. Some of them come in at $100 million chunks as you can imagine.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: In aggregate. Is it bigger than a bread box?
Henry Meyer: It'd be $1 billion that we've seen draws on them.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: That was this quarter?
Jeffrey Weeden: That was this quarter.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: So you expect that to pick up?
Henry Meyer: It's hard to say what we would expect to see in actual pick up.
Tom Bunn:  Our view is you're seeing the markets loosen a little bit as you're seeing a lot more come in, not nearly what it's been historically but as it comes in, as you're seeing the CP markets fall, it's our impression that we could be or should be at a peak as we go through the fourth quarter and see this fall as you go into the first quarter. This is all tied to liquidity in the capital markets and I think every bank that you talk to are probably having this situation happen. We think it is a market driven phenomena that will fall, and we're already seeing some fall as we see rates tighten and the CP market fall.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: To clarify on the NPA outlook, what's your outlook ahead for NPA's and loan losses in aggregate?
Tom Bunn: I think on the NPA's, our general view is that we are plateauing. We expect in certain sub portfolios to see elevated levels of non-performance, but in general, subject as always to the economic environment, that still is the wild card here. Our expectation is that we are plateauing on the NPA side.
Jeffrey Weeden: With respect to losses, our guidance that we provided there would also for the fourth quarter would be in the 1.20% to 1.60% of annualized net charge offs.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank: Anything else new besides the auto floor plan loans you want to highlight?
Jeffrey Weeden: Not really. I guess we have seen a little bit of weakness in the middle market in the commercial side in the Great Lakes region, but very strong still in all of our other regions. But really the material one, the one that's most noticeable is the auto dealer floor plans.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: With the Fed funds rate cut, what do you see your fourth quarter net interest margin and if the Fed cuts again another 50 basis points before the end of March of next year to help stimulate the economy, what would the margin look like under another Fed funds rate cut for 2009?
Jeffrey Weeden: We haven't provided 2009 guidance at this particular juncture but with respect to our fourth quarter guidance of 3.0% to 3.10% which would bring the margin down from the 3.13% for the third quarter. We have in fact factored in an additional Fed cut in that particular margin forecast. We're anticipating that the Fed funds could be in the 1% range as we go through the fourth quarter. I think that would continue to pressure the margin into 2009 until you have such time as you have enough turn over in your loan portfolio to re-price credits at better spreads. But as you know, when the funds rate gets down around 1%, you end up with deposit rates that are below 1%, the ability to go down in the same proportion as any Fed cut becomes very limited.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: What kind of economic outlook are you using to feel comfortable that MPA's are plateauing around this level.
[Chuck Hyle]: Until about two months or so ago, we had a mildly recessionary outlook and in the last three to four weeks we've worsened that economic outlook to more of a severe, not overly severe but a recession over the next two to three quarters, unemployment going up probably getting close to 8%, so we've been factoring that in to our projections over the last two to three weeks.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: With a fairly severe recession then, do you still think you're plateauing the number of non-performers these levels?
[Chuck Hyle]: We do at this point, but clearly we get new information all the time, some good, some bad. We don't know. We haven't factored in the impact of any stimulus plan. So there's just a lot of uncertainty. We certainly from about September 15, took a more negative view on the economy in all of our projections.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: Moving to the commercial real estate portfolio, excluding construction loans, not that part of it, on your investment or income producing properties and the loans that support that, over the next 12 months, what dollar amount will come up for refinancing in that portfolio?
Henry Meyer: I don't. I can tell though that we expect that that portfolio to continue to reduce. We are being exceptionally selective in any new business and we are taking exits and pay downs wherever we can, but I don't know the percent of that business.
[Chuck Hyle]: In terms of the non owner occupied portfolio that we have, it's identified on Slide 15, the $12.7 billion portfolio the unfunded commitments have been coming down steadily over the past year. So if we were to go back a year ago, there was approximately $6 billion in unfunded commitments in that particular portfolio. That's down to $3.9 billion. So it's been dropped. Last quarter it dropped $.5 billion between the second quarter and the third quarter on the unfunded portion of it. So clearly there's movement in activity within that book of business that's happening right now.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: One of the concerns is, as you know from what we read is that number of commercial real estate operators, particularly mall operators that have debt rolling over are unable to roll it and they're running into problems. We're now focused on, you have always been strong in the business on the retail side, if you had a lot of properties for refinancing in the next 12 months.
[Chuck Hyle]: Clearly we're having to look at those particular deals when they do come up. Some of them, there are refinancing opportunities and others we're going to have to look at. It may take a year for them to get refinanced. As you know, we've said in the past, we're not a permanent lender so when we go through that particular process, we will continue to look for the markets to free up and move those particular credits into the secondary market.
Jeffrey Weeden: We are still seeing some deals getting refinanced out on a permanent market. The life insurance companies are still active. They haven't increased their volumes from standard percentages but they are still active and we are still getting some of them done in that market.
Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: On Page 14 of the slides you gave the credit quality by portfolio, 3Q '08 and you have your commercial real estate line and you put $453 million of MPL's. In the prior quarter you broke that line out into commercial mortgage and construction. Commercial mortgage was $107 million in the second quarter, construction was $256 million. Do you have that breakout for that $453 million between the two categories?
Jeffrey Weeden: It's in the press release. So you can go to the press release or on Slide 32 also, you can get it by percentages if you're looking at it. Just going back to Slide 32 you'll see the break out in terms of percentages. That probably helps a little bit.
Operator: That concludes our question and answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back to Mr. Meyer for any closing remarks.
Henry Meyer: I want to thank you all for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow up questions on the items we discussed, please don't hesitate to call Vern Patterson, our Head of Investor Relations at 216-689-0520 or Chris Sicora at 216-689-3133. That concludes our remarks. Thank you and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 21:00:00) =====
Executives: Henry L. Meyer - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer Beth E. Mooney - Vice Chairman and Head of Key Community Banking Chuck Hyle - Chief Risk Officer Thomas W. Bunn - Vice Chairman of Investment Banking and Head of Key National Banking
Analysts: Brent Erensel - Portales Partners Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research LLC Matthew O’Connor - UBS Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Seriph Karenske - Cambridge Place Investment Management David Pringle - Fells Point Research
Operator: Good morning everyone and welcome to KeyCorp’s Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Results Conference Call. The call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry Myer. Mr. Myer, please go ahead, sir.
Henry L. Meyer – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's second quarter earnings conference call. Joining me for today’s presentation is our CFO, Jeff Weeden. Also joining me for the Q&A portion of our call are Vice Chairs Tom Bunn and Beth Mooney and our Chief Risk Officer Chuck Hyle. I would like to turn your attention to slide #2, which is our forward-looking disclosure statement. It covers both our presentation and the Q&A portion that will follow. Now you turn to slide #3. Before Jeff goes over the numbers in detail, I want to make just a few comments on several issues that are always important for banks, but are particularly noteworthy in the current environment. #1, our costs are well controlled. As you know if you have followed us for any length of time one of our top objectives has been to control expenses and improve our cost ratios on a continuing basis consistent with our growth strategy and conditions in the market places. I believe you can see that that objective continuing to be reflected in today’s results. Our fee revenue is strong. We experienced strong results in several of our fee revenue areas including trust and investment services, investment banking, and loan syndication fees. These areas are built on continuing relationships with our clients. With the actions we took in the first quarter to reduce risk in our held for sale books, we also saw a strong rebound in gains from loan sales in the current quarter. Our reserves are strong. In spite of the continued deterioration of market conditions during the second quarter and putting aside for just a moment the adverse impact of the Federal Tax Court ruling and certain of our lease financing transactions, our cautious and conservative reserving philosophy gives us significant balance sheet strength for credit uncertainty in the coming quarters. Returning to the tax court decision, I want to call special attention to our decision to vigorously appeal the decision. We have come to the conclusion that the confidence we had in the original position taken by our leasing and tax experts was well placed and that an appeal will be in the best interest of our shareholders. We remain well capitalized. I am sure many of you have seen Moody’s report that was distributed to Moody’s subscribers last week and is available on Key.Com. This was a timely signal to the investment community and to our clients and employees that Key is fortified against further deterioration in this credit environment. It’s also important to note that our capital ratios are at a comfortable margin above regulatory standards, so that we continue to be considered well capitalized. Well our professional and institutional investors have a good understanding that Key is in a safe and sound condition, industries headlines have generated environment of some indiscriminate concern in the general population. I have great confidence when I tell Key depositors that we are a sound financial institution with a strong balance sheet. There have been many, many economic cycles throughout our history and Key has always been a safe place for our clients. We pledge to keep it that way. Now I will turn the call over to Jeff for review of our financial results. Jeff?
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Henry. I will begin with financial summary shown on slide #4. My comments today will be with respect to Key’s results from continuing operations and I will focus on those results excluding the leverage lease impact. These results are identified as adjusted figures and are more representative of Key’s performance during the second quarter. In some cases our comment on comparisons to both the second quarter of 2007 and the first quarter of 2008. As addressed in our earnings release, the second quarter was not only impacted by the leverage lease adjustment but also by the continuation of the credit cycle. We did experience a number of positives during the second quarter. However, they were overshadowed by the lease adjustment and higher credit costs. For the second quarter of 2008, we reported a loss of $2.70 per share from continuing operations compared to the income of $0.85 per share for the same period one year ago. On an adjusted basis excluding the impact of the contested leverage lease transactions, we incurred a loss of $0.28 per share as a result of higher credit cost. Slide 5, identifies the impact of the leverage lease adjustment on specific line items of the income statement. The two areas that are impacted by the adjustment are net interest income and the tax provision. Approximately two-thirds of the FAS 13-2 lease accounting adjustment which is the $838 million of net interest income less the tax of $302 million on the leverage lease income for a net amount of $536 million were reversed back into income over the remaining lives of the impacted leases. Some of these leases go out as far as an additional 20 to 30 years. Based on these contractual maturities, the company does not expect a reversal of income to be material in any given year. The remaining adjustment on this schedule is the $475 million after tax interest approval for all of our leverage leases impacted by the adverse court ruling. Until these contested liabilities are ultimately resolved Key will continue to accrue an additional tax provision for interest on these balances in addition to the normal tax provision on income before taxes. We currently estimate this quarterly amount to be in the range of $32 million to $34 million for the third and fourth quarters of 2008. Turning to slide #6, the company’s adjusted tax equivalent net interest income for the second quarter of 2008 was $738 million, up $32 million from the same period one year ago. For the second quarter of 2008, our adjusted net interest margin was 3.32%, down from 3.46% we reported in the same period one year ago and up from the adjusted 3.29% we reported for the first quarter of 2008. Our expectation for the net interest margin is for it to decline approximately 10 to 15 basis points from the current level for the balance of the year as a result of the lease adjustment and the continued competitive pricing pressure for deposits, which is offsetting better yields on new asset generation by the company. Slide #7 highlights the changes in non-interest income between the quarters shown. We continued to experience strong growth in trust and investment services income driven by both, Victory Capital Management on the institutional side and brokerage in the community banking operations. Deposit service charges increased as a result of increased activity charges from annualized commercial deposit accounts and investment banking and capital markets revenue increased from both the first quarter of this year as well as from the same period last year as a result of improved execution, market conditions and the measures we took in the first quarter of this year to reduce further risk in our trading activities. The first quarter measures taken to reduce risk also showed benefits in the loan securitization and sales line item which bounced back to a net gain in the second quarter of 2008. Turning to slide #8, total non-interest expense remains well controlled. We continued to monitor our expenses as we worked through the challenging times in the credit markets. We did experience higher professional fees experience as a result of increased collection efforts on loans. Turning to slide #9, average loans from continuing operations increased approximately $10.4 billion or 15.7% from the same period last year and we are up $4 billion compared to the first quarter of 2008. Impacting average balance comparisons to the same period last year and the first quarter of 2008 was the transfer of $3.3 billion of student loans at the end of the first quarter from held for sale to the portfolio loans. Adjusting for these balances, average total loans increased approximately 4% annualized from the first quarter of 2008. As of January 1, 2008, the company also added approximately $1.5 billion of loans from the acquisition of Union State Bank. Adjusting for these balance and the student loan transfer average total loan balances increased approximately 8% from the same period one year ago. Our outlook for average total loan growth of a linked-quarter basis for the balance of 2008 is to be down slightly to relatively flat as we continue to work on reducing outstandings in our residential property segment of the construction loan portfolio and in other portfolio where the risk reward opportunities appears inadequate given the market conditions. Turning to slide #10, average core deposit balances are up $1.7 billion or 3.4% compared to the same period one year ago and are relatively flat compared to the first quarter of 2008. Included in this year’s balances are approximately $1.7 billion of core deposit associated with the Union State Bank acquisition. Competition for deposits in our market place remains strong, we did experience growth in personal DDA balances within the community bank during the second quarter compared to both the same period last year and the first quarter of this year. Corporate DDA balances are down slightly compared to both the last year and the first quarter, however, activity charges as reflected in our second quarter deposit service charges increased as customers paid for these services through fees rather than balances as rates decline. Our expectation for core deposit growth remains in the low single-digit range for 2008 as we expect competition to remain high for deposits given the elevated funding costs for banks in general in the capital markets. Slide #11, shows our asset quality summary. Net charge-offs in the quarter were $524 million or 2.75% of average loans on an annualized basis compared to $121 million or 67 basis points in the first quarter of 2008. Nonperforming loans at June 30, 2008 totaled $814 million and represented 1.07% of total loans. Total nonperforming assets at June 30, 2008 were 1 billion 210 million dollars or 1.59% of total loans other real estate owned and other nonperforming assets. Nonperforming assets include $342 million of commercial real estate loans that were charged down in the second quarter and placed in a held of sales status. Since the end of June we have closed a number of sales with respect to these loans and expect to close on the sale of the majority of these loans during the third quarter of 2008. Our total reserve for loans losses rose to $1 billion 421 million dollars and represented 175% of nonperforming loans at June 30, 2008. On the next three slides we have provided some additional information with respect to asset quality statistics for the second quarter of 2008. Slide #12, provides additional information on credit quality by portfolio for the second quarter. We continued to see migration of credit in the second quarter with loans tied to exposure to residential construction. This impacted the C&I portfolio within real estate capital line of business and leasing. These portfolios experience both an increase in net charge-offs and nonperforming assets. Within our consumer portfolio we experienced an increase in charge-offs in the education lending portfolio tied to a group of loans related primarily to trade schools or nontitle4 institutions. This portfolio stood at approximately $780 million at June 30, 2008. Losses on this portfolio were exceptionally high in the second quarter as we put in place a new collection routine to bring down delinquencies. I would also note that this is a portfolio where we stopped originating new credit back in 2006. Within this portfolio, we expect credit losses to remain elevated. However, below the levels we experienced in the second quarter as we were changing collections routines. Our home equity loan portfolio within community banking continued to perform well and as expected during the second quarter with little change in overall credit statistics from the first quarter of this year. We have a further breakdown of this portfolio in the appendix of today’s materials for your review. Turning to slide #13, we have put together a summary of our commercial real estate portfolio by property type, by geographic location. The residential properties category of this portfolio accounted for much of the higher level of net charge-offs we experienced in the second quarter. Turning to slide #14, we provide additional details on this category. Our residential commercial real estate balances continued to decline in the second quarter versus the first quarter as a result of moving $719 million or $384 million net of the respected charge-offs of these loans to a held for sale category during the second quarter and also payments that were received on other loans. As we have discussed from the past several quarters Southern California and Florida have been the most difficult markets for us with respect to residential properties, these have been the markets where we have focused much of our attention over the past four quarters. This is also when we saw the biggest decline in outstanding balances during the second quarter as a result of our plan to sale of loans. Looking at slide #15, the company’s capital ratios are all in the upper half of our targeted ranges from the respective ratios as noted on this slide. Our tangible capital to tangible asset ratio was 6.98% and our tier one capital ratio was 8.49% at June 30, 2008. I would also note that on July 11, we closed on an additional $90 million of capital from the underwriters’ exercise of the overall admin option. Had this capital existed as of June 30, 2008, it would have added approximately 9 basis points to these ratios. As Henry said in his remarks our capital accounts are in good shape, well-above regulatory requirements for being well-capitalized, and they provide us with the necessary strength and flexibility to serve our clients. Slide #16 is a summary of our updated outlook for selected items for the second half of 2008. Now, before I turn things over to the operator for questions, I wanted to let you know that Vern Patterson, head of Investor Relations at Key, is going to be out of the bank for a period of 4 to 6 weeks due to illness. We wish Vern and his family the very best and look forward to his return to work. That concludes our remarks and now I will turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. Operator.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question of the morning goes to Brent Erensel at Portales Partners. Please go ahead.
Brent Erensel:  Good morning. Question on a commercial real estate portfolio. You have the sale of $700 million plus and then you have payments and yet the decline in the owner occupied -- sorry non-owner occupied portfolio is vest in that, can you explain that and what do you think the last content is in that remaining portfolio?
Jeff Weeden:  I think in terms of -- this is Jeff Weeden, when we look at the portfolio we also commitments that are outstanding and of course the projects that are continuing and so you will draws on some of the commitments that are existing on project. We had payments that did come in on various projects, the $719 million that we transferred on out during the course of the quarter, of course, came primarily are going to come from the residential property section. So, we have continuation in the total non-owner occupied in the income properties area of the portfolio. I think when we saw the largest decline it went down approximately $900 million in the residential property section between the first quarter of 2008 and the second quarter of 2008. So that’s primarily where I would concentrate, we are still doing business in the other areas of commercial estate.
Brent Erensel:  And real quickly if you just back up the losses on the reserve build, you get some sort of operating range of earnings between $0.16 and $0.30 per quarter, do you have any comment on that?
Jeff Weeden: No, our comments are related to the specific line items that are given in the back on slide #16 of our presentation.
Brent Erensel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  [Operator Instructions]. And we will go next to Gerard Cassidy at RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you and good morning. I apologize if you’ve addressed this, I had to jump off the call for a minute. In the loan sales that you had of $44 million in the commercial real estate area, what was the booked value of those loans where you received $3 million or $4 million in proceeds from?
Jeff Weeden: Well, I think what we are talking about Gerard is in total we are including that 44, $719 million if you look at the fact that we moved $384 million it would equate to approximately a 53% realization factor on the portfolio. So, with respect to those that have actually closed I don’t have that specific information, I’ve looked at it more in the aggregate in total, in it will very obviously property by property.
Gerard Cassidy:  Okay. So, essentially $0.53 on the dollar is the fair number then?
Jeff Weeden: That’s the fair number for the portfolio that was identified for sale during the second quarter and moved to a held for sale category or part of loans actually closed on that portfolio in the second quarter, that’s correct.
Gerard Cassidy:  Yes, correct. And I recall most of those residential construction or there some other construction in, in as well?
Jeff Weeden: Those were in the residential construction portfolio only.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. And then, second, the margin obviously you guys reported that a higher net interest margin in the quarter similar to your peers, I see in your other page, on page 16 that the margin forecast is actually lower for the second half of the year than the second quarter can you give us color on that why its directionally going that way?
Jeff Weeden: Gerard, it would relate specifically to the accounting treatment surrounding the leverage lease transactions that is putting pressure on it is got reconstruct going forward. The yield volume dropped significantly. If we pull that out as, I think we did on page to give us a better flavor for the true net interest margin, which is 3.32% could you give us an estimate of what that would be with out there was leverage leased you know the impacts?
Henry L. Myer III: Yes it would be relatively flat, so we would still be around the 3.3 range.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay, great thank you.
Operator: Our next question goes to Nancy A. Bush with NAB Research LLC.
Nancy A. Bush: Good morning and if you could just clarify on sort of switching between the calls here, you said $32 million to $34 million for quarter is that the impact of that leverage lease transactions.
Henry L. Myer III: That $32 million to $34 million Nancy is the after tax cost of the interest accrual on the disputed balances with the IRS.
Nancy A. Bush: Okay, and Henry you had mentioned sort of the indiscriminate panic I guess among the populas at that time of to sell your IndyMac and I assume that for you are alluding to. Had you have to raise your deposit cost that all given the particular challenges of your region and if you could just comment about the whole comparative environment there right now? I would appreciate it.
Henry L. Myer III: Yeah Nancy -- I made that comment because there are a lot of media stories about FDIC insurance and there is a lot more interest by our depositors but on that reported that we actually grew our deposits last week, so we are not seeing runs locks or any concerned but our plans and I think plans generally which is what my comments were aimed at are really trying to understand better what insured what FDIC insurance is all about how you spread accounts all that kind of, all those kinds of issues but I think important thing is that last week our deposits actually grew. To the other part of your question Nancy it is a very competitive market place out there and it is not like those deposits grew for free but we are paying, we are not trying to buy the market place either.
Nancy A. Bush: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question goes to Matthew O’Connor of UBS. Please go ahead.
Matthew O’Connor: Good morning
Henry L. Myer III: Good morning
Matthew O’Connor: Just to clarify the tax part of 32 to 34 per quarter for back half of the year, is that go away in 2009.
Henry L. Myer III: No it does not that will continue on and of course little varied depending upon interest rates that are charged on those particular accruals until those amounts are either resolved in the form of a deposit with the government or they result in a different fashion where we prevail on appeal of our tax case.
Matthew O’Connor: Okay, now I guess just an aggregate, what is the total amount if you have a deposit or something?
Henry L. Myer III: We have not disclosed that, but I think if you go back and look, there was the $1.7 billion of deferred taxes related to the leverage lease transactions and then of course, the interest on top of that so the $475 million was an after tax accrual, so you would have to gross that up, add that on top of the $1.7 billion.
Matthew O’Connor: Okay, and then secondly, I think there is a lot of talk about consumers being very sensitive to their deposits in this kind of environment, but I am wondering from a commercial side, we hear about lines being cut at some other banks. I am just wondering if that causes some commercial customers to lose their deposits and if you are seeing any deposits up for grabs out there that you might be able to grab?
Henry L. Myer III: Beth, do you want to comment?
Beth Mooney: Yeah, Matthew I will tell you that it is a highly competitive environment and we do see and are staying very close to our clients in good prospects in our communities and in our various markets and are opportunistically taking share of our clients as well as those in other institutions. We have not in our book cut or reduce lines to any of our clients and we will continue to call on our competitors with good prospects to try and garner more deposits and more relationships.
Matthew O’Connor: I don’t know if there’s a rule of thumb, but do we tend to see the credit relationship move first, that’s one thing that we are seeing as some pretty good commercial loan growth out there and I wonder if the deposits will follow?
Beth Mooney: Mathew, I would follow up and say that it varies. It depends on how you have been calling on a company and presenting the opportunity to do business, but often times they do lead with credit opportunities that chance to build a relationship.
Matthew O’Connor: But, we do want the full relationship and customers will get our better pricing if we get the full relationship. So, we are not interested in just credit only. We want a total relationship that’s our strategy, that’s what it is built around.
Tom Bunn: Matthew, it’s Tom Bunn, I would add to what Beth said in that we have seen successes in our treasury management capabilities and to Beth’s world, from the community bank down to the business banking client as well and that builds deposits as well. So, I think when you combine our relationship approach with our treasury management capabilities and as Beth said the whole approach of cross selling and if you are seeing that as an opportunity in this market. One other comment I would suggest is that again accurately what Beth said taking it across my world as well. Clients there exiting this bank tend to be client that we want to exit this bank right now from a credit exposure standpoint. We are not seeing any departure of clients that are good relationship clients they we’re working to keep.
Matthew O’Connor: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator:  And we will go next to Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: No problem, Hi, good morning. Couple of questions. One, on the reserving, when you are running your reserve analysis are you factoring any deterioration in home values from here and your numbers?
Chuck Hyle: This is Chuck Hyle. Yes, we are, and in fact over the last 4 to 6 weeks, I would say that our view of the residential home markets have deteriorated a little bit more. More in terms of pushing at a recovery rather than anything else more dramatic than that and that is reflected in the way we look at our reserving market by market.
Betsy Graseck: Can you give us the sense as to what you are anticipating from here, if it is built already into your reserve?
Chuck Hyle: Well, I am not quite sure how to put it into numbers for you because it really is determined on a case by case basis, the type of loan it is, where it is located, the market itself, we are doing an enormous amount of analysis individually. But clearly, on some of the land only situations many of which we have always sold in this portfolio we have just dealt with the discounts can be fairly dramatic, 50% give or take. If it is a completed project, in a better location that will obviously vary but clearly where we are pushing out our views in terms of when the housing market is going to bottom and that is reflected in our reserving.
Betsy Graseck: And, is there anything that you are doing to hedge your portfolio at all?
Chuck Hyle: In terms of credit risk?
Betsy Graseck: Yeah.
Chuck Hyle: Clearly, we hedge on the CMBS side what we hedge credit risk in that portfolio. We do use the credit derivative market in the corporate side of the business. It’s a little more difficult to do in pure real estate. We have done some modest hedging through indices but that’s a fairly small number in our organization.
Betsy Graseck:  And against the [res-e] portfolio?
Chuck Hyle: A little bit on indices, but again not really a lot.
Betsy Graseck:  Okay, on the loan growth that you presented your slide on each 8 or 9 the consumer growth that you are getting and could you just indicate what bucket set is coming from at this geographically based more than product based that’s fine.
Henry Meyer: Beth will comment a little bit on that. We are seeing some growth with respect to our home equity portfolio and its I think more of the growth has been coming in the Western Markets as well as so it would be the Rockies on the specific North West is where we were seeing some of that on the consumer side of equation. The other consumer books of course are relatively flat, so if you look at some of indirect portfolios; those are flat and we have those are some of the portfolios that I talked about our that our expectation would be that flat to down slightly as it become more selective on the credit there, another area where we were becoming very selective on credit off course just because of the spreads, would be in the leasing portfolio. You will see the that’s down slightly also and just a matter of function of the marketplace of what can get for return from that business, Beth is there anything you want to talk about a geographic area.
Beth E. Mooney: Betsy I would just underscore that we have had modest consumer loan growth in the community bank are primarily through our growth and our equity portfolios concentrating mainly in our Western Market and as you can see in the appendix in our supplemental credit slide that is largely half of first lean position portfolio, as well as extremely high cycle scores and judicious use of loan to value. So again we continue to monitor both the quality of our new offerings in our growth and we would say that we have seen the best growth in our Western Market.
Betsy Graseck:  And would you say that’s more a new client acquisition or draw downs of existing lasting lines?
Beth E. Mooney:  We have seen an increase in draw downs to some extent but another trend that we have seen that is difference and where we would have been last year if the rate of pay downs on line has slowed. The more of our acquisition of clients and expansion of relationships is going to the balance sheet as a result.
Betsy Graseck: Okay and just one last question on NIM and how are you thinking about your investments and securities at this stage, is there any interest in, in a potentially moving up the NIM through use of the balance sheet?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, I’ll have Joe Beta comment on that, but I would say that we have no intention of expanding our investment portfolio at this time. As you know, we mainly manage our interest rate risk position through the use of Corp balance sheet swaps received fixed a pay a variable and this with the swap in the yield curve obviously and the number of swap positions that we put on last year in anticipation of the declining rate environment, that’s actually benefiting the margin here in the 2008 time period, so Joe anything else you would like to add to that?
Joseph Vayda : Only that we mange the investment portfolios as part of our overall, a liability management position and it is not drawn as a rate of return portfolio, over in the context of our overall AL management position, the preferred instrument of choice as Jeff said is interest rates swaps to rebalance our rate sensitivity as necessary, and we do strive over longer period of time to be very much neutral with a bias to advance slightly liability sensitive.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Could you see an opportunity that improved the NIM, at all in the next few quarters here?
Jeffrey Weeden:  Well our guidance that we provided for on the NIM was really that it could under some pressure as a result of the re-characterization of the leverage leased transactions.
Betsy Graseck: Al right
Jeffrey Weeden: Excluding that It would be relatively flat in the primary reason for being relatively flat as I think there is a just competition for deposits and certainly the price of turned financing is elevated for the industry as a whole.
Betsy Graseck: Okay thanks.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Seriph Karenske from Cambridge Place Investment Management. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Speaker: Asked and answered. Thank you. 
Operator: Al right thank you and we’ll go next to David Pringle at Fells Point Research. Please go ahead.
David Pringle:  Good morning could you talk a little bit about the dynamics with 30days, 89 days past to declining in the quarter first?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: The decline, decline in that portfolio was primarily related to the commercial real estate book of business though I guess we were encouraged David by the fact that we experienced the nice decline in that area approximately $300 million so that for the decline came to the other areas remain relatively stable.
David Pringle: And what’s your outlook for that Jeff?
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well I can let chuck’s comment on that, but the outlook is really where continued to remain focused on those near term delinquencies and work with our clients and keep the payments coming in. 
Charles Hyle:  Yeah David I would just add that we had been very, very focused on this portfolio not just the residential commercial real estate but really across all portfolios looking for sort of early warning signs of deterioration and back to a comment made earlier by Jeff and also by Tom, we had been encouraging certain customers to move to other institutions and when I think we are beginning to see a little bit of that positive impact in the 30 to 80/90 bucket. Clearly the most impact is from the residential commercial real estate sale.
David Pringle: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: And we do have a follow up question from Gerard Cassidy at RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you for taking the follow up. Regarding the nonperforming asset in this current quarter about 1.2 billion now, I noticed there was a sizable increase in the commercial financial and agricultural category to $259 million from the 147 in the prior quarter and at the end of the year about $84 million, could you guys share with us what you are seeing in that side of the business not the real estate related stuff, which has been well documented but now it looks like more of the C&I issues that might be developed, excuse me, developing here?
Chuck Hyle: This is Chuck. Again let me try to take that one, there are couple of pieces to that to that question, when as we are saying a little bit of an up tick in leasing related assets these are transactions that are booked as loans rather than as leases but they come through our leasing division and that is a part of that. The other piece is we do have a small portfolio of residential, real estate related exposures that by virtue of there being unsecured when they are executed and also by virtue of loans being to entities, corporate entities rather than projects are really residential real estate assets. That total portfolio is about $300 million give or take, there were not a large portfolio but it does show up in the C&I category, though about $75 million of that increase of about a $112 million in the C&I category is related to that portfolio so it really is essentially an extension of our residential real estate book that just happens to show up in C&I. A lot of that exposure is to National Home Builder type names, but there are few that are more lot project type and not just the categorization issue. So, having said that I would say that our base C&I portfolios, the institutional side of the business and our middle market and business banking continued to perform quiet well. So that up tick is really not a reflection of those portfolios.
Gerard Cassidy:  Okay, thank you. And certain in back to the leasing loans that you identified is there any particular category within leasing that if this, you have noticed this more problematic than other areas within leasing?
Chuck Hyle: Yeah, there are two one is which is referenced before the small tickets, side of things particularly commercial vehicles and construction again relating to the residential side of things and you will pick up the theme. And, the other is actually small aircraft generally purchased for individuals where we have seen some degradation in the borrowers. Again, many of these are individuals who where in the real estate business, developers, people of that type who purchased small aircraft two, three, four years ago and join the boom. So, we are seeing some NPLs there, but the good news is that the recovery rates on those aircraft continued to be very strong, prices have held up exceptionally well and we don’t see any indication if that’s going to change. So the NPLs are up but the last content we think is quite small.
Gerard Cassidy:  Thank you.
Operator:  And, Mr. Myer with no other questions in the queue, I’d like to turn the call back to you for any closing comments, sir.
Henry L. Meyer: Thank you, operator. Again, we thank you all for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow up questions on the items we’ve discussed this morning please don’t hesitate to call John Schulman who is helping out in Vern’s absence and John’s number is 216-689-3882, or Chris Secora who works with Vern in our Investor Relations Department and his number is area code 216-689-3133. That concludes our remarks and again thank you for your participation.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the call. We do appreciate your participation. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Henry L. Meyer III - Chairman, Chief Exec. Officer and Pres  Thomas C. Stevens - Vice Chairman and Chief Admin. Officer  Beth E. Mooney - Vice Chairman and Head of Key Community Banking  Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer and Sr. Exec. VP  Thomas W. Bunn - Vice Chairman, Pres of Key Corp. & Investment Banking and Head of Key National Banking 
Analysts:  Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities Matthew O'Connor – UBS Tim Sablenya – OSS Capital Ed Timmons – Stifel Nicolaus Terry Mcevoy – Oppenheimer & Co. John Boland – Maple Capital Management David Pringle – Fells Point Research  
Operator: I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry Meyer. Mr. Meyer, please go ahead sir.
Henry Meyer: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me for today’s presentation is our CFO Jeff Weeden. Also joining me for the Q&A portion of the call are our business executives, Tom Bunn and Beth Mooney and our Chief Risk Officer, Chuck Hyle. Slide Two is our forward-looking disclosure statement; it covers both our presentation and the Q&A portion that follows. Now if you turn to slide three, I will comment briefly on our first quarter results for Jeffrey he is going to give more detail. Overall, I was pleased with the quarter, given the degree of continued market volatility and rising credit costs impacting our industry including Key. My team and I are very focused on the increase in non-performing assets and the elevated level of net charge offs we experienced. However, I believe the actions we took in the fourth quarter to address the homebuilder portfolio and the additional reserves we recorded in the current quarter will help us through this challenging environment. Chuck Hyle and Tom Bunn will be available to address your questions regarding credit after our formal comments. As you will recall in February, we announced that the secondary markets for commercial real estate loans and specifically commercial mortgage bank securities remain restricted with pre dispense at historic wide levels. These wide levels continued into March with conditions worsening somewhat from the mid February levels. We took action to hedge our remaining exposure to changes in interest rates and credit spreads in our commercial real estate held for sale loans during the first quarter. And, we believe the worst is now behind us in this portfolio. In addition, we move $3.3 billion of our student loans held for sale to our loan portfolio in March due to the continued disruption in the securitization market for these assets. I would like to comment on some of the progress we have made in the first quarter with respect to our Community Banking operations. During the first quarter, we not only completed the acquisition of Union State Bank, which we have previously announced, but we also successfully converted them to our systems. In addition, excluding the sale of the McDonald retail branch network which occurred in last year’s first quarter, the Community Bank’s net income was up 9% first quarter 2008 versus first quarter of 2007. We also began the modernization of a number of our branches. Hopefully you will have an opportunity to see one of the updated facilities such as upstate New York branch featured on this year’s annual report cover. We plan on updating over 100 branches in 2008 and continuing this offer into the next several years. This new updated branch approach along with the new teller platform we started piloting in the first quarter at several locations, will help us better serve our Community Banking clients. While current market conditions remain challenging, we believe by continuing to focus on our relationship, business model, managing our expenses, and upgrading our delivery platforms, we will keep Key’s position to respond to business opportunities as they emerge. Now, I will turn the call over to Jeff Weeden for review on our financial results.
Jeff Weeden: I will begin with the financial summary shown on slide four. As in the past my comments today will be with respect to Key’s results from continuing operations. In some cases I will comment on comparisons to both the first quarter of 2007 and the fourth quarter of 2007. There were certainly a number of items impacting our first quarter results, ranging from realized and unrealized loses on held for sale portfolios, higher provision expense, leverage leasing accounting adjustments, and the gain we realized in connection with the Visa IPO. Our earnings per share for the first quarter of 2008 was $0.54 from continuing operations compared to $0.89 per share for the same period one year ago, and $0.06 in the fourth quarter of 2007. In our first quarter earnings release today, we provided an overview of the few of the significant items which have impacted earnings for the period shown. I will comment further on these items in our first quarter result as we review the remaining slides in our presentation. Turning to slide five; the company’s taxable-equivalent net interest income for the first quarter of 2008 was $704 million, up $4 million from the same period one year ago. For the first quarter of 2008 our net interest margin was 3.14%, down from 3.50% we reported from the same period a year ago, and 3.48% we reported from the fourth quarter of 2007. As we discussed in our earnings release today, our margin for the first quarter was impacted by the lease accounting adjustment we incurred to increase our reserves associated with tax benefits on certain lease-in, lease-out transaction. This adjustment reduced our taxable-equivalent net interest income by $34 million, and reduced our reported net interest margin by approximately 15 basis points. On an adjustment basis our margin would have been 3.29% for the first quarter of 2008. Our expectations for the net interest margin is for it to remain in the 3.30% range during the current year as the company benefits from a modest liability position and better spreads on new lending arrangements. These benefits are somewhat offset by elevated nonperforming asset levels and continued competitive pricing pressure for deposit. Slide six highlights the changes in non-interest income between the quarter-show. I will make a few comments with respect to some of the line items shown in this slide. Our Trust & Investment Management revenue in the first quarter of last year included $16 million revenue as issued with our former McDonald investments branch network which was hold in February of 2007. Excluding this revenue from the prior year amount, Trust & Investment Management fees were up $20 million or 18% for the first quarter of 2008, compared to the same period one year ago. This is a very strong showing with our community banking and the three capital business in National Banking. Looking at line items or investment banking and capital markets income, net gain from losses from loans securities division and sale and net gains from principal investing over-impacted in the current quarter by the continued disruptions in the capital markets. In total, these three line items were down $166 million from the same period one year ago. The decline in fee revenue was offset by the $165 million gain we realized on the redemption of a portion of our shares, hold and visa which completed this IPO in March. As Henry mentioned, we believe we have now significantly reduced our risk going forward by hedging our remaining exposure for both interest rates and credit spreads in our commercial real estate loan held for sale. Also due to the continued uncertain conditions in the student loan securitization market, we made the decision to move substantially all of our held for sale student loans to a loan portfolio in the first quarter of 2008. Turning to slide seven; total non interest expense is well controlled. The steps taken last year to review our expenses have contributed to the success in controlling the growth of our total non interest expense. Compared to the same period one year ago, total non interest expense declined $52 million. Of this decline, the divestiture of the McDonald and some branch networks represented $27 million, and the provision for untimely commitments accounted for $19 million. Also included in this year’s first quarter are $19 million non interest expense associated with Union State Bank and to which management system acquisition, of which approximately $3 million in the amortization of intangibles and an additional $1 million for refresher cost. Turning to slide eight; average loans from continuing operations include $7 billion or 10.7% from the same period last year and about $3 billion compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. Included in the first quarter balances is worth approximately $1.5 million of loan from the acquisition of Union State Bank. Adjusting for these balances average a total on balances increased approximately 8% one year ago and 80% annualized from the fourth quarter of 2007. Our outlook for average total loans cost in 2008 remains at the lowest mid-single digit range adjusted for both acquisitions and the transfer of the student loan portfolio or held from sale status to loans portfolio. Turning to slide nine; average core deposit balances dropped $2 billion or 4% compared to the same period a year ago. Included in this year’s balances are approximately $1.7 billion a core deposits associated with Union State Bank acquisition and included in the prior balances were approximately $700 million of average core deposit balances shift to make investments or divestiture. The growth of core deposit that is testing for these two items was approximately $1 billion or 2%. Competitions for deposits in our deposits remain strong and the consumer preferences during the past quarter shift more to certificates of deposit as a result of the decline interest rate environment. As we entered the second quarter and began our – marketing advance deposit, our expectation for core of other growth remains at the – 2008 as we balanced growth versus rate paid for these funds. Slide ten shows our asset quality summary, net charge-offs for the quarter $121 million, or 67 basis points compared to $119 million or 67 basis points for the fourth quarter of 2007 and $24 million for 27 basis points from the same period one year ago. Non performing assets at March 31, 2008 totaled $1.115 billion and represented 1.46% of totaled owned, other real estate owned and other non performing assets. This compares to $764 million or 1.08% at December 31, 2007. We continue to see migration credits in the residential property segment for our commercial real estate construction portfolio during the first quarter and other portfolios linked to residential real estate construction. Our expectation is that non performing assets and net charge off level will continue to remain elevated throughout 2008. We have provided additional schedules pending within this presentation showing breakdown of our commercial real estate portfolio and our equity portfolio. Our total exposure to residential real estate continues to decline in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2007. The total loan loss reserve at March 31, 2008 was $1.298 billion or 1.70% or total loans, and our coverage ratio of our allowance and non performing loans was 123%. We have updated our outlook and expanded arrangement potential to head charge offs in 2008 to reflect both the continued migration of credits and the transfer of student loans to the loan portfolio. Our updated range for net charge offs is 65 to 90 basis point for the full year. Looking at slide eleven, the company’s tangible capital, the tangible asset ratio was 6.85% and our tier 1 capital ratio was 8.09% at March 31, 2008. Our targeted ranges for tangible and tier 1 ratios are 6.25% to 6.75% and 7.50% to 8.0% respectively. Our capital ratios improved in the quarter and we believe these ratios will compare variably to our tier group. During the first quarter, we did not repurchased any of our common shares, we did reissued $9.9 million shares for the Union State Bank acquisition and $1.4 million shares under employee benefit plans. At March 31, 2008 we had $14 million remaining of the current board purchase authorization. We do not anticipate any share repurchase activity during the second quarter of 2008. Slide twelve is the summary of our updated outlook for selected line items for calendar year 2008. Well that concludes our remarks; I now turn the call back over to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) First question goes to Gerard Cassidy at RBC Capital Markets, please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Can you tell us what your views are unrealized gain is for the shares that you still own but all the owners are limited on their ability to sell them over the near term.
Jeff Weeden: I think it is a little bit difficult to determine exactly what the unrealized gain would be based on the restrictions that are out there. I think for the most part, what was redeemed plausible was put in to the as per balances would represent what we have remaining of about 47%, 48% of the original amount.
Henry Meyer: This is Henry; I have been told that the phone is going in and out but it is not just a bad connection wherever you are that we maybe having a little trouble online. We apologized for that but we are aware of it.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: The other question I have is I may have missed it but on the transfer of the student loan into the held to maturity portfolio, what was the laws that you took on that transfer?
Jeff Weeden: We transfer those loans over at our cost and then also increased our reserve allocation associated with those loans at the end of the quarter.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Out of the $3.3 billion or so was that $0.98 from the dollars that you transfer, price that you transfer after the reserves?
Jeff Weeden: We have transferred at par and then a reserve was established. Our transfer to the 100 at par but because we added to our loans our formula we also added to the reserve specifically because of the addition of that $3.3 billion.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: And, how much was that reserve?
Jeff Weeden: You can see it from the line of business reporting within the National consumer business there was additional provision that was taken roll about the net charge offs for the quarter. We will have to give you a specific number instead of – in the $50 million range.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: And, then finally; you had good commercial loan growth in the quarter and high single digits but you are still guiding for the full year to be low single to mid digits; can you maybe give us some color why you think you may actually see a slow down in the rate of growth in commercial lending this year?
Jeff Weeden: I think Tom Bunn may comment on this in just a second but in terms of how we also look at it part of it is we have slowed down our origination associated with commercial real estate and we expect that that will continue into the second, third, fourth quarters of this year. We may also of course look at those should having those balances trim down as we look at specific perhaps long sales year on in the course of current year.
Tom Bunn: Certainly you have the USB numbers which exude first quarter a little bit. We have about $550 million in real estate loans that came over from the USB acquisitions which was excluding number on the average $30 million per quarter. We are also seeing a reduction but slowly and growing on the institutional side commitments. And so therefore as we look at the economy we just know that there is going to be as much dimension as there was due to the market conditions in the fourth quarter and into the first.
Operator: Our next question goes to Michael Mayo of Deutsche Bank, please go ahead.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: Can you just comment more on the NPA increase, where it is coming from and charge offs are flat and NPA’s are going up do you expect that to continue? Just more color on credit quality please.
Chuck Hyle: I think it is fair to say that the majority of the increase in the NPA category is coming from commercial real estate specifically and the residential part of the continuation from what we saw in fourth quarter. I would characterized by saying that we continue to see some additional degradation in the portfolio Key clientele in California and we get updated appraisable with regularity and so we have seen some continuing decline. The other phenomenon we seen as a bitter of the AGIA graphic migration again entirely attributable to the residential part of the commercial real estate portfolio and we seen it migrate to a couple of other markets particularly Arizona and Nevada although we are considerably less involved there. So I would say that the California decline and a bit of migration would account for the vast majority of the increase in the NPL. We have a little bit of increase in the recent portfolio and we have seen a modest increase and a deal of core plan in the NPL categories and that really accounts virtually all of it.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay so when you say commercial real estate that is residential related, how would you define that; are we talking home builders, are we talking loans for condos or land; what would you include on that list?
Chuck Hyle: All of the above, but it is primarily focused in Southern California and single family construction land AND Florida portfolio which is the other hot spot would be more condo. Again as we said before we feel that our condo portfolio while some of it is NPL we still see lost content and that portfolio is still relatively modest. The single family part is really the part where we see the lost content but that is how we would want it. We would include single family and condo and land associated with residential.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: So if you add up your total exposure to commercial real estate that is somehow residential related home single family, condo, etc., how large is that portfolio now?
Chuck Hyle: That would be about $3.4 billion come down modestly from fourth quarter of last year. That is massed a little bit by an increase of about $200 million from the USB acquisition but went down to lower $100 million so the generic sized portfolios come down about $300 million from the fourth quarter, across all geography
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: Of the $3.4 billion how much would be in the higher risk market like California, Florida, Arizona, and Nevada.
Chuck Hyle: Florida would be about $588 million; California would be about $670 million. And, I might add if you look at the NPL numbers about $677 million of our NPL’s are in this commercial real estate residential category. And, of that number 63% are in Florida and California—California being the largest. The next two states would be Nevada and Arizona at 13%, so three quarters 76% of those NPL are on those four states. The rest of it will be over a range 13, 14 states; many of the states are outside of our footprint.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: And do you disclose how much you have reserved for that $3.4 billion? 
Henry Meyer: No we do not.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: Where do you think NPA would go? I guess you increase your guidance for charge offs by 20 basis points in the high end, do you expect NPA’s to go up the similar percentage or how should we think about that?
Chuck Hyle: Well visibility is pretty difficult but I would say that we do expect NPA’s to go up in the second quarter maybe within the little end of the third quarter. We are going to this loans loan-by-loan, we think we have a very good handle on what is going on out there but with the economy, where it is and a lot of uncertainty out there, it is a little bit difficult to predict. I guess what I would say is that the addition for the NPL – towards the end of the quarter charge and LFS station game or about a false gone or whether it is going to be a continuation. But February was a horrible month in this business. But we are seeing some – happen particularly towards the end of March and into the early part of April. So we are beginning to see a little bit of activity. Some say old and a little bit of normality beginning to come back into it. Again I would say that the increase in NPA should be accelerated in the second quarter but these are very, very hard things to predict.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: And then lastly, where all these are leading to; the problem is spreading. So far it has been a lot of housing related, into what degree are you expecting the problem to spread, you mentioned some dealer of floor plan, I guess that is newer. 
Chuck Hyle: Yes and I think that is another thing so it is hard to comment particularly the auto sale side of the industry but again we see very little lost content there. I would say that, let me go back to the real estate for a second, we are seeing virtually no leakage to the rest of our commercial real estate portfolio outside of the residential piece I just talked about. And, even within that part being the geographically which has been relatively modest. So we are still quite satisfied with the remainder of our commercial real estate portfolio. Towards the broader portfolios concern, we have seen some migration again in line with the economy but other than the sectors I mentioned earlier, the other core plan, there is nothing particularly material there at all.
Operator: Our next question goes to Matthew O'Connor of UBS, please go ahead.
Matthew O'Connor – UBS: Henry your company seems to be in a position or strength versus some of your peers and obviously you are being mentioned quite a bit in the papers regarding some potential acquisitions specifically on National City. I know it is always difficult to comment on these things but what can you tell us on your interest bubble for end market consolidation and anything you would care to say specifically on National City?
Henry Meyer: Actually Matt, it is not just difficult it is probably inappropriate for me to comment on any specific merger acquisitions. I have said it before and I continue with that and others to look at end market opportunities specially in some of the markets where we would admit that we do not have the optimal market share to be as competitive and to maximize our profit generation. So I think we are going to be well positioned here if some companies come to the decision that they could do a better job for their shareholders and their communities and their clients as part of a stronger company and has been consistent for quite a while.
Matthew O'Connor – UBS: Related question but a little bit easier to answer hopefully, now obviously there is some dislocation going on, there is a capital raise, National City is trying to raise capital or do something; now what are you seeing in terms of both commercial customers and consumer customers in terms of potentially picking up some additional market share?
Henry Meyer: Let me ask that to Mooney is she can comment on that because there are disruptions in a number of areas on the West Coast in Ohio and a couple of markets and we all agree those are opportunities and we are strategically trying to do some things there. Beth would you like to comment?
Beth Mooney: I would tell you that on the first quarter we did see strong loans, deposit growth across most of our region and anecdotally we did see some nice pickups in our great white regions around deposits and small business customers. So I would tell you that our pipelines are strong and our business is strong and of course our franchise and then we did see some stronger both in the great white and see improvements in this quarter.
Matthew O'Connor – UBS: Lastly, the question is for both Jeff and Henry as well, on the capital side, your capital ratios are probably a little bit above a lot of your peers but does it makes sense to raise some additional capital here for some opportunities that might come around and obviously the windows open and close and it feels like at least for a day the window is open.
Jeff Weeden: We constantly look at various forms of capital; in the forms of capital we look at would be more trust preferred type of market. We continue to look at that, senior debts, sub debts to provide bank funding and additional capacity. That is just the normal course of our operation both of the holding company as well as at the bank level, but nothing specific beyond that.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Sablenya at OSS Capital, please go ahead.
Tim Sablenya – OSS Capital: My question is on student loans, should the ABS market open up for student loans securitization? Would you consider the student loans securitization the strategy or is this something, you know moving your portfolio to help the maturity? Is this something that signals the shift in strategy of student loan?
Jeff Weeden:  I think what we would look at, with respect to new originations, if we sense that the market would be changing we may again look at new originations and stuff, putting into a healthier sale or a particular status of building, but with respect to the others and the decision that we are putting it into help for the majority classification and we have no immediate plans to change that. So, that is really a decision that made based on the fact that we do not believe that the market will be as fluid in the near term as what it was, obviously prior to about July of last year.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We will go next to Ed Timmons at Stifel Nicolaus. 
Ed Timmons – Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning guys. The margin was a little bit weaker than we expected. Can you just talk briefly about your balance sheet position as it stands now? How exchange, throughout the quarter and how you are looking at it going forward through the rest of the year?
Jeff Weeden:  I think our balance sheet what we have really done, we tried to continue to reduce risk in the balance sheet in the first quarter by again growing through and edging the remaining positions that we have are commercial real estate help for sale, book of business, and again, moving the student loan portfolio to or from maturity position. So, the activities that we have coming up and looking at the deposited throughout the second quarter here, that should help generate the new deposit flow and activity. I think our position and our capital gives us the ability to compete in the market place and the fact is that we get their spreads at this particular point. Because of our position and change that could have happened in the market place. I think customers are finally recognizing the fact that having availability, capital is important and they know the cost of that has gone up.
Ed Timmons – Stifel Nicolaus: With the rates coming down, have you seen any slowing in the migration towards time deposits from your customers?
Beth Mooney: Yes, if you can see in our first quarter financials, a mixed shift towards certificates of deposit, you have a clear consumer customer preference and a declining rate environment with those CDCC net required rate cycles and then you add to it that if the competitive landscape of that has been attractively priced instrument in the market. So, we continue to see high demand and competitive pricing and pressure around certificates of deposit. But as just was mentioned also in the second quarter we are launching a series of consumer-deposit campaign for an addition to certificates of deposit to continue to garner strong transaction accounts.
Ed Timmons – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and I guess lastly, what kind of demand are you seeing out in the market for distressed assets and did you guys sell anything this quarter and do you have any expectations for second quarter or third quarter?
Chuck Hyle: We have not seen a lot of activity. As I said earlier, February seemed to be locked down. Nothing was really trading at all. A little bit of an improvement in March, but we know a lot of money is out there but we have not seen a lot of transactions. We still have very modest amounts in the first quarter and hopefully the expectation is that it would quickly improve over the second quarter, those numbers would go up.
Operator: We will go next to a follow up by Mike Mayo of Deutsche Bank, please go ahead.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes, just the other question about the margin because you guys are liability sensitive and the margin went down. And I am just really trying to understand the industry dynamics taking effect here. Is it simply, the level rates are going so low that you have less pricing power in the downside or just a little bit color.
Jeff Weeden: I think, if you look at some of the fourth quarter of last year, we basically had an “I” in basis points, lease accounting adjustment to the positive. This quarter, we got a 15 basis point adjustment to the negatives. That had a dramatic impact obviously on the margins, about 24 basis point over the overall decline. Also its rates continue to decline, if you play a little bit of catch-up on your consumer deposit so you are adjusting each leg a little bit on the way down. Also now, as we go into the second part of this year, these last three quarters of the year, we will start getting more benefit associated with our received six paid variable swap position and that is identified. You can go the annual report on page 48. You can see in there, there are a number of forward stocks that we put in place last year that we are to come on board this year as part of our overall AL strategy of management approach that the treasury and the team knew that there was more of a bias going into last year or coming into this year. The rates will be declining. So to protect ourselves on a declining rate environment, we did a number of those swaps. Those start to benefit us as we go through the next three quarters.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, and then separately, I am still looking at the commercial segment of the industry and I see the line of credit fees were down quite a bit. Can you comment more on what you are seeing among your commercial clients? Also, have line utilization levels increased. In other words, are you seeing signs that your commercial customers are getting weaker?
Jeff Weeden: I think in terms of the loan fees that you see, fourth quarter we had very high levels of loan communication activities and first quarter we particularly go into the seasonal slow time. I mean this is historical, you see this year end throughout. But I think we had much higher activity in the fourth quarter than in the first quarter. So it had an impact on that particular area. We are seeing additional utilization of lines and as a percentage, and that should be normal because new originations, particularly on commercial real estate side are down dramatically. And so, you have prior commitments that are out there that are being drawn. If you are seeing that come up while the prior commitments on commercial real estate are obviously are coming, continue to decline, new activity is out there but it is not as strong as what it was a year ago at this particular point in time.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank Securities: When you say prior commitments are drawn down, is that more than what you saw last quarter?
Jeff Weeden: No, I think it is just a matter of without putting new commitments in place, like, you just have existing commitments that are being drawn specifically on commercial real estate, projects are coming to completion of being built out. And these are projects other than the Home Builder residential property section. We spent a lot of time on early and the call on.
Tom Stevens :  The other thing that I would add to Jeff’s comment is that as long as we continue to have the market dislocation whether it is Capital Markets or the Private Place Market, you are going to see more demands coming in out of out of our commercial clients and our educational clients outside of real estate. Now, I will tell you we are teaming with Chuck’s team being very selective about new clients and new commitments because we know that quite honestly, demand will continue to grow and I think we can afford the activity to support our incumbent client base and to be really strong new clients but I do not think that the dynamics of the capital market is really different than it was in the fourth quarter.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank Securities: Tom, as an intermediary again, the traditional bank function, do you think that six longer term or capital markets recover in that business goes back out.
Tom Stevens: Mike, if I had that crystal ball, I would probably be doing something else.
Michael Mayo – Deutsche Bank Securities: Are you trying to say, you would not be talking to me?
Tom Stevens: I do think that we do not anticipate a return to normalcy in the capital market as we work it out. I think if you believe normalcy returns then you start doing things that would require you to take in your account market as Geoff has said earlier, we assume that the securitization market, the CMBS market and other capital markets will remain challenging and so that is why we are very selective at how to use our capital.
Operator: We will go next now to Terry Mcevoy of Oppenheimer & Co.
Terry Mcevoy – Oppenheimer & Co.: Just one question if I could. Did $1.9 billion of Home Builder and condo exposure loan, put into a special asset management group in the fourth quarter, were those loans that contributed to the $340 million increase in commercial non-performing loans or non-performing assets or was it possibly the remaining $1.5 billion if I use that total value or total number of $3.4 billion.
Chuck Hyle: I would say that the vast majority of it came from that grouping that we moved in the special assets again. A piece of it would be further deterioration from California and some of this migration but I think the theme here is that our program, smaller residential builders is really the epicenter of this topic.
Operator: And we will go next to John Boland at Maple Capital Management
John Boland – Maple Capital Management: If I could just get some clarity on your thoughts on two issues, one is, what would be the criteria that you might be looking at should you be doing acquisitions, I mean, what kind of metrics are we looking at there. And the second would be, the following up on the controlling expenses, are there any benchmarks or any metrics that you might be trying to get down to or any kind of guns you could shoot there would be appreciated.
Jeff Weeden: I will take the expense one first. Obviously, we are trying to control expenses. Our guidance has been low single-digit growth in expenses. We are continuing to make an investment in our community bank. You saw the investments that we are making with respective branch modernization. New teller platform, new technology and first the amortization associated with that will go through the expense side of the income statement. So, we are controlling expenses, we have to set a specific target for any of those particular line items. As far as criteria on M&A, I think it really has varied. And I think that from the sense that obviously in today’s market, Capital is going to be an important criterion, any type of transaction that we will look at. And so capital and then returns that we can get going forward. And I think returned thresh holds and hurdles probably had gone up as a result of the price of what we will look at for Capital of today’s market environment.
Henry Meyer: John, I would just tell you that we do not look just to acquisitions to get bigger. It very hard with its urges for any sizable acquisition to be accretive in that year but it would be hard for me to imagine that I would not be accretive to our existing shareholders in a very short period of time, meaning outside of that first fiscal year where charges to get things done and to the degree of how strategic it is to build in a low share higher growth market and we participate in some of those, mostly in the Rockies and the Northwest. We view that differently and we would wind in our smaller growth market places. So there is no algorithm that we plug things in and say it is “go or no go” and there are some decisions or it is a long play that involves our judgments.
Operator: We will go next to David Pringle at Fells Point Research. Please go ahead.
David Pringle – Fells Point Research: There were four major sorts of charges and gains in the quarter, there was $165 million on visa, $34 million effect from leasing, $101 million on the loan sales and $27 million on the credit or the reversal of the revision in the expense line for those before?
Henry Meyer: Those are four, they are also included in some of the other categories such as the investment banking, capital markets, and other negative items as you look at the specifics within that category and there is a detailed portion of income statement of the press release that will provide the particular level of help. In essence you have got the major line items.
Operator:  Mr. Myer that does conclude the question and answer period for today. I would like to turn the call back to you for any closing comments.
Jeff Weeden: Again, we want to thank all of you for taking time, for your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions on any of what we have discussed, please do not hesitate to call Vernon Paterson in our Investor Relations department. Vernon’s number is 216-690520. And with that we conclude our call.
Operator: Thank you. We do appreciate your participation. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Henry L. Myer III – Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey B. Weeden – Chief Financial Officer Charles S. Hyle – Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer Beth E. Mooney – Vice Chairman Thomas W. Bunn – Vice Chairman
Analysts: Terry McEnvoy – Oppenheimer & Company  Anthony Davis – Stifel Nicolaus  John Boland – Maple Capital Management [David Kringle – Fells Point Research] 
Operator:  Good morning everyone and welcome to KeyCorp’s fourth quarter 2007 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of KeyCorp, Mrs. Henry Myer. Mr. Myer please go ahead sir. 
Henry L. Myer III : Thank you Operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s fourth quarter earnings conference call. We appreciate you talking time to be part of our discussion today. Joining me for today’s presentation is our CFO, Jeff Weeden. Also joining me for the Q&A portion of our call are our business leaders Tom and Beth, and our chief risk officer Chuck Hyle.  Slide Two is our forward-looking disclosure statement; it covers both our presentation and the Q&A portion that will follow. Before I discuss the strategic actions shown on Slide Three, I think it’s important to point out that Key has been positioning itself for a potential downturn in the credit markets. Specific actions include curtailment of our Florida condominium exposure, the sale of our sub-prime home mortgage lending business more than a year ago and our recent decision to access dealer originated home improvement lending and cease conducting business with non-relationship home builders outside of our footprint. Also and importantly we have no meaningful TLO, CDO, asset backed commercial paper or SIV exposure.  Slide Three highlights strategic actions that were previously announced on December 20th to bolster Keys’ loan loss reserve and manage our expense structure as we entered 2008. These actions include increasing our loan loss reserves with a provision that exceeded net charge-offs by $244 million and adding $25 million to the provisions for unfunded commitments. The additional loan loss provisions reflected deteriorating market conditions in the residential property segment of Keys commercial real estate construction portfolio. We also transferred approximately $1.1 billion of home builder related loans and $800 million of condominium exposure to our special asset management group. As we said in our earnings release today the majority of these credits are currently performing and expected to continue to perform. We announced our decision to exit several non-scale or out of footprint operations, specifically our non-relationship home builder lending outside of our 13 state community footprint, the pay roll on line services which were not of significant size to compete profitable, and the dealer originated home improvement lending which involves prime loans but is conducting largely out of footprint through keys national banking group. We will continue to offer home equity loan to customers within our community banking footprint and we initiated a proactive expense review in the fourth quarter of 2007 aimed at sustaining keys competitive position. As a result of this review Keys has or will eliminate 570 existing positions and 300 open positions. An additional 170 positions will be eliminated in 2008 as a result of our decision to exit the businesses I just mentioned.  We have also continued to focus on building our core relationship banking business. On January 1st we completed the acquisition of USB Holding Company, Inc., the holding company for Union State Bank headquartered in Orangeburg, New York. This acquisition doubles our branch penetration in the attractive lower Hudson Valley area. And finally our board of directors declared the 2008 first quarter quarterly cash dividends of $0.37.5 per common share. This represents a 2.7% increase over the prior quarterly dividend.  On Slide Four you can see our strong dividend tract record. This board action marks the 43rd consecutive year of dividend increases which places us among a very select group of companies in the S&P 500. S&P recognizes these companies with the designation of dividend aristocrat. This decision is also a strong signal from our board about their confidence in the underlying strength of our company. Now I’ll turn the call over to Jeff for a review of our financial results. 
Henry L. Myer III :  Thank you Henry. I’ll begin with financial summary shown on Slide Five. My comments today will be with respect to Keys results from continuing operations from the fourth quarter of 2007. In some cases I’ll comment on comparisons to both the fourth quarter of 2006 and the first quarter of 2007. Our earnings per share from the fourth quarter of 2007 were impacted by the actions we announced on December 20th to add to our reserve per loan losses and exit certain business activities as well as the market related charges we incurred in our health for sale portfolio. In addition the Visa accruals sweeping through the banking industry during the fourth adversely impacted our results. For the fourth quarter 2007 we are in $0.06 per share from continuing operations, compared to $0.76 per share from the same period one year ago and $0.57 in the third quarter of 2007. I’ll comment further on our fourth quarter results on our 2008 outlook as we review the remaining slides in our presentation.  Turning to Slide Six. The companies tax {inaudible} net interest income for the fourth quarter 2007 increased $38 million dollars from the third quarter and $6 million from the same period one year ago. For the fourth quarter 2007 our net interest margin increased 8 basis points to 3.48% from the third quarter level and was down 18 basis points from the same period one year ago. Our margin benefited in the fourth quarter 2007 from the lease accounting adjustment which increased taxable equipment net interest income by $18 million and added approximately 9 basis points to the net interest margin. The company experienced a similar adjustment in the fourth quarter of 2006. Excluding the fourth quarter of 2007 impact from the lease accounting adjustment our margin would have declined by approximately 1 basis point from the third quarter of 2007.  Our performance here was a little better than what we were expecting as we moved to re-price deposits with a general decline in short term market rates during the fourth quarter. As we’ve talked about in the past several quarters the competition for deposits remain strong in our markets and we believe will continue to pressure the margin into 2008. We would also notice that credit risks have widened for new lending arrangements in the upper ends of the middle market and in the large corporate lending segments. However, this same trend has not worked its way through other lending segments in which the competition for loans remain high. Given the continued strong competition in our markets and the elevated levels of non-performing assets we believe the margin will remain under some pressure in 2008. Our current expectations for the net interest margin in 2008 is for it to be in the 3.30% range.  Slide Seven highlights the changes in non-interest income between the fourth quarter of 2007 and the third quarter of 2007 and the fourth quarter of 2006. As we stated in our earnings release and in our earlier comments the fixed income markets continue to have an adverse impact on our fourth quarter non-interest income, however, when compared to the third quarter 2007 our results were significantly better. For the fourth quarter our non-interest income was up $50million from the third quarter and down $70 million from the same period one year ago. During the fourth quarter we experienced good growth in our trust and investment services fee income compared to the third quarter. Prior year comparisons are impacted by the first quarter 2007 divestiture of McDonald investments. Excluding the McDonalds results from the fourth quarter 2006 year-over-year trust and investment service fee income increased by $21 million or 19% driven by both personal and institutional asset management businesses. We also experienced good growth in our deposit service charges compared to both the prior quarter and the same period one year ago. Net losses from loan securitization and sales decreased in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter due to smaller marks on our health for sale portfolio and the $28 million in gains realized from the sale of commercial leased financing receivables during the fourth quarter. Compared to the prior year, income from this line item was down $48 million. The current year negative marks on the health for sale portfolios compared to gains in the prior year and the securitization of student loans and commercial makes comparisons difficult. Due to market conditions we did not proceed with the securitization of our student loans in the fourth quarter of 2007. At this point in time we do not know when market conditions may improve to the point where we may wish to complete a securitization.  Turning to Slide Eight. We have prepared a similar comparison of the increase and decrease in non-interest expense between the fourth quarter 2007, the third quarter 2007 and the fourth quarter 2006. Several items impacted our overall non-interest expense during the fourth quarter. In the personnel area we recorded severance expense of 24 million compared to $4 million in the third quarter. We also increased our provision for non-unfunded commitments to $25 million from $5 million in the third quarter and we recorded a $64 million charge representing the estimated fair value of Keys liability to Visa Inc. in the fourth quarter. Comparisons to the fourth quarter 2006 are impacted by these same items plus the divestiture of the McDonald Investment branch network.  Turning to Slide Nine. Average loans from continuing operations increased $2 billion or 11.9% annualized from the third quarter 2007 and were up $4.1 billion or 6.3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. Average commercial loan balances were up 7.5% in the fourth quarter versus one year ago and up 15.3% annualized from the third quarter of 2007. Average consumer loans were up 3.1% from the same period one year ago and were up 2.7% annualized from the third quarter level. We experienced strong linked quarter growth in our C&I portfolio in our National Banking lines of business coming from real estate capital and the institutional banking areas. This growth was partially due to the disruptions we saw in the fixed income markets during the second half of 2007. Customers who may have financed there transactions in the capital markets in the past look to us and other banks to help them with their funding needs. For 2008, as a result of our continued deemphasize on our home builder and condo exposure, we expect to see commercial loan growth in the low single digit area for the year. Our outlook consumer loan growth is also in the low single digit area given our belief that consumers will be guarded with the respect to taking on additional debt until they get a better feel for the direction of the US economy and the value of their homes. In addition, our decision to exist the dealer originated home improvement lending area will also impact our growth.  These growth expectations do not include the balances which we acquired as part of the Union State Bank acquisition on January 1st 2008 which were approximately $900 million of commercial loans and $600 million in consumer loans as of the acquisition date.  Turning to Slide 10. I’ll speak briefly to the changes we experienced to our average for deposits in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. Comparisons to the first quarter in prior periods has shown are impacted by the McDonalds investment branch network. The dotted line on this chart represents the year-over-year percentage growth comparison excluding the impact of the McDonalds deposits sold. Our core deposit balances were impacted in the fourth quarter by continued intense competitive pricing pressure. While we have talked in the past about the regional differences in pricing across the company with the Western half of the country being more rational we did not see this in the fourth quarter. Pricing for deposits has become just as competitive in the West as it is in the Eastern half of the United States. We believe that with the destruction in the capital markets and the ability to raise wholesale funds on the part of banks in general, many competitors chose to maintain or increase their deposits even while the Fed was cutting rates. We chose to remain competitive with our pricing and at the same time we reduced rates in many areas in response to the cuts in the targeted Fed funds rates. Within our Community Bank we saw average deposit growth of $0.5 billion or 4.5% annualized for the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter of 2007 with most of this growth coming in CD’s greater than $100,000. Core deposits were relatively flat with the third quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2006 average total deposits with community bank adjusted for the $1.6 billion deposits sold with the McDonald Investment branch network increased $1.5 billion or 3.4%. On the National Banking side average deposit balances for the fourth quarter were flat with the third quarter. In our real estate capital line of business, deposits were down approximately $0.3 billion as interim loan servicing and the related escrow balances declined in the fourth quarter. This was a result of fewer commercial mortgage loan balances being structured in the C&VS products in the fourth quarter. In addition, we reclassified approximately $3.4 billion of DDA balances to the MMDA category during the fourth quarter. This had an impact on our reported average as well as ending balances from both the DDA and the now MMDA categories. As of the end of the fourth quarter our commercial mortgage servicing portfolio stood at $135 billion and had $3.9 billion of escrow deposit balances associated with this business. Our expectation for 2008 is to see core deposits grow in the low single digit range.  Slide 11 shows our asset qualities summary. Consistent with our announcement on December 20th, net charge offs in the quarter were $119 million or 67 basis points compared to $59 million or 35 basis points in the third quarter and $54 million or 33 basis points for the same quarter one year ago. What I’m not showing on this slide our provision for loan losses was $363 million in the current quarter and exceeded net charge-offs by $244 million. Non-performing assets and the additional provision expense were primarily results of deteriorating market conditions in our commercial real estate construction portfolio. As part of the actions taken in the fourth quarter we are also moving to exit approximately $1.1 billion and $.8 billion of condominium exposure located outside of our 13 state community banking footprint. The majority of the $1.9 billion in loans identified are in projects located in Florida and California. Outside of the commercial real estate construction portfolio we experienced a modest increase in our consumer non-performing loans during the current quarter. The reserve for loan losses at December 31, 2007 stood at 1.69% of total loans and our coverage ratio of our allowance to non-performing loans stood at 175%. Our current outlook for net charge offs for 2008 is in the 60 to 70 basis point range. Looking at Slide 12; the company’s tangible capital to tangible asset ratio was 6.46% and our tier one capital ratio was 7.37% at December 31, 2007. Our targeted ranges for the tangible and tier one ratios are 6.35% to 6.75% and 7.50% to 8.0% respectively. During the fourth quarter we did not repurchase any of our common shares and reissue activity was limited at just 85,000 shares under employee benefit plans. At December 31, 2007 we had 14 million shares remaining under our current board repurchase authorization. We currently do not anticipate any share repurchase activity during the first quarter 2008 as we rebuild our tier one capital ratio to our targeted range. Slide 13 is a summary of our current outlook for selected line items for calendar year 2008. As Henry mentioned in his comments, we closed the Union State Bank acquisition on January 1, 2008. This added approximately $1.5 billion of loans and $1.8 billion of deposits in the company as of that date. Also, we anticipate that with the actions taken in the fourth quarter to exit certain portfolios in the home builder area and the home improvement area, loan growth will be slower in 2008 than experienced in 2007. In addition, we are expecting held-for-sale loan balances to be lower in 2008 compared to 2007. Overall, we anticipate average earning asset growth in the low single digit range in 2008 compared to 2007.  We expect the margins to remain under some pressure due to the items previously discussed and to be in the 3.30% range for the year. With respect to credit costs we current expect net charge offs in the 60 to 70 basis point range for the year and provision will depend on specific facts and circumstances surrounding non-performing assets and the migration of credit up and down. With the actions taken in the fourth quarter to address our costs, excluding the Visa related charges and the reserve for unfunded commitments provision taken in the fourth quarter 2007, expense growth in 2008 will be well controlled and in the low single digit range. We also expect our effective tax rate to return to the 32 to 33% range.  That concludes our remarks and now I’ll turn the call back over to the operator who will provide instructions for the Q&A segment of our call.  
Operator:  Our question and answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operator Instructions) Our first question of the morning will go to Terry McEnvoy at Oppenheimer & Company. Please go ahead.
Terry McEnvoy – Oppenheimer & Company : Could you just be a little more specific on the expenses recorded in Q4 associated with the expense review that’s going on? Then, looking on to 2008 within your guidance this morning does that include additional, call it one time expenses, as part of this review? Or, do you think they’ll be above and beyond your guidance today?
Henry L. Myer III : Well Terry, in the fourth quarter as far as the separation charges there were $24 million worth of severance. There were also some professional fees associated with the outplacement and other activities. That was primary in there. We also recorded a $5 million charges associated with the writing off of goodwill with the payroll online business and that’s in the other expense. As you recall, I think it’s identified clearly in the press release, the $64 million for Visa, the provision for unfunded commitments which for the year was around $28 million. Those particular items we would not anticipate at those levels obviously, in 2008. In the guidance we provided of low single digits excludes a number of those charges related to Visa and unfunded commitments. I think as you look at the separation charges there was also a reduction of incentive compensation accruals both in the third and fourth quarter of 2007. Those would probably be offset increases in 2008 against the separation charges we incurred in 2007.  
Terry McEnvoy – Oppenheimer & Company : Could you talk about deposit relationships that KeyCorp has with some of your home builder clients? Particularly those that are out of footprint and those loans that were transfer to the special asset management group and also the quality of those deposits as well.
Thomas W. Bunn:  One of the reasons we are exiting a number of those relationships is they weren’t really relationships they were more really opportunities in those regions, non-franchise and because they weren’t in our franchise footprint we did not have significant deposit relationships so you will not see a significant impact on our deposit relationships because of those being moved to the exit portfolios. 
Operator:  Our next question goes to Tony Davis at Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Anthony Davis – Stifel Niclaus :  Just a few more details here. Tom, keep going here, I wonder what you could tell me about what you’re seeing right now as loan syndication, as CMBS syndication volumes and kind of what your expectations are for the rest of the year?
Thomas W. Bunn:  Regarding syndication we were pleased with the volume we had in the fourth quarter coming out of the institutional side of the bank both with institutional real estate as well as institutional corporate. Clearly, some of that is driven by M&A related activities which has slowed. Now, that said we did see some M&A activity in the fourth quarter slide to the first quarter which will close, which will provide financing opportunities. But, quite honestly, our outlook for the capital market side of the business is really going to be driven by how open those capital markets are. As Jeff said, we do not anticipate significant growth year-over-year in those businesses until we have a better view of those markets. 
Anthony Davis – Stifel Niclaus : The question was CMBS?
Thomas W. Bunn:  The CMBS pipeline has fallen off dramatically. The fourth quarter was estimated about 20% of normalized volume. We expect no better than 40 to 50% normalize volume this year. As Jeff mentioned, our interim financing has shown a significant slowing and again, we don’t see that growth improving until we get some calm in the markets and a better indication of rates to take outside. 
Anthony Davis – Stifel Niclaus : What are you seeing Tom, on mortgage servicing pricing and what’s the likelihood you’ll be adding some this year?
Thomas W. Bunn:  Interestingly enough we continue to see strong competition in the mortgage servicing pricing. We will continue to look to add there but we will not be stupid about paying for it.
Anthony Davis – Stifel Niclaus : Finally Beth, a question for you; I just wondered how many of the branches you’re looking to upgrade this year? And, what we can expect there in terms of incremental expense impact?
Beth E. Mooney: We currently have about 65 branches in flight for our branch modernization and updating and then we will be looking to do another 100 to 150 this year in our modernization program and we have accounted for that in our expectations for our 2008 non-interest expense. But, given most of that is capital it will not have a significant impact.
Operator:  We’ll go next to John Boland at Maple Capital Management. Please go ahead.
John Boland – Maple Capital Management:  I’m just trying to get a little more clarity on the reserve side and your methodology. The consensus is the next couple of quarters are certainly going to be a lot worse than what we’ve seen and you’re allowances seem to be going up at a much slower pace than your non-performing assets or your charge offs. Just looking for any kind of clarification.
Charles S. Hyle : I think our main focus clearly has been on the commercial real estate side. We took a very detailed look in December at our commercial real estate business. As we’ve indicated both looking at exit names as well as parts of the residential construction portfolio that has underperformed the last six months. We try to take quite a conservative few of that portfolio looking out into the future and that’s where the special reserves come from and while the majority of our exit names are still performing and we do expect them to continue to perform, it’s clearly weakness in specific parts particularly California and Florida. Our perspective on that was to increase our reserves to look through the next 12 months to be as adequately reserved for that part of the portfolio as we possibly could. The rest of the portfolio has continued to perform well. Our commercial and institutional businesses have continued to perform well and in line with expectations. Our consumer portfolios we started to see some modest migration starting four months ago. Through the fourth quarter we have seen some continued migration but, it has been relatively modest and we continue to view that part of the portfolio as well as our middle market portfolio to essentially perform in line with the economy. That’s our perspective.
John Boland – Maple Capital Management: Can you provide any granularity as far as geographic trends you might be seeing? You just mentioned California but within the core markets are you seeing any particular or do you have any breakdowns as to who’s really getting harder than others?
Charles S. Hyle : Are you speaking about real estate or broadly?
John Boland – Maple Capital Management: Primarily real estate.
Charles S. Hyle : Primarily California and Florida are the two weakest areas. Most of the rest of the geographies have performed relatively well. We’re seeing a little weakness in Nevada but, we’re not particularly exposed there. We’ve seen some weakness in Michigan but we are very underexposed in Michigan in real estate. The Pacific Northwest continues to perform well. Most of the northeast does. So, it’s really most of our focus on the negative side is just certain parts of California and certain parts of Florida.
John Boland – Maple Capital Management: Which are really non-core markets, correct?
Charles S. Hyle : Correct.
John Boland – Maple Capital Management: Just one last bit of information if you could; would you say you’re being very proactive in the modeling? It almost sounds like you’re letting the economy drive the reserves and I’m just wondering if you could shed any light on that. 
Charles S. Hyle : Well, as I said I think we will perform in line with the economy but, as we look at the economy and our view of the economy changes it has an impact on the model. Our models are very sensitized to economic activity and we are certainly seeing some migration to a weakening economic environment and those do show up in the models we use. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll go next to David Kringle at Fells Point Research. Please go ahead sir. 
[David Kringle – Fells Point Research]:  Jeff, your guidance on the margin is that take into account the FED cut today?
Henry L. Myer III : Well, it was based on the Blue Chip forecast. Obviously, I haven’t had an opportunity to go back and remodel the margin for the most recent activity that happened today. But, directionally we were modeling for decreasing rates over the next 12 months. So, the guidance has a degree of decline in general interest rates over the next 12 months.
[David Kringle – Fells Point Research]: But, did it have the magnitude of the move today?
Henry L. Myer III : I don’t know if anybody did David, to be quite honest. If you were to look at People’s analysis – the way we’re positioned with the decrease in rates depend on how low the FEDs end up ultimately going obviously. Looking at competitive factors that are out there in the market place how fast will competitors respond also to this change in the overall rate environment. 
Operator: Mr. Myer we have no other questions at this time. I’d like to turn the call back to you for any further comments.
Henry L. Myer III : Again, we thank all of you for taking the time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow up questions on the items we discussed please don’t hesitate to call Vern Patterson in our investor relations department. I’m sure all of you have Vern’s number but I’ve got it too, it’s 216-689-0520. That concludes our remarks and we wish everyone to have a good day.
Operator: That does conclude the call. We do appreciate your participation. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-17 03:56:00) =====
Executives: Henry Meyer - CEO  Jeff Weeden - CFO  Tom Bunn – President, Corporate and Investment Banking  Beth Mooney - Vice Chair of Community Banking 
Analysts: Brent Erensel - Portales Partners  Matthew O'Connor - UBS  John McDonald - Banc of AmericaSecurities  Terry McEvoy - Oppenheimer  Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus  Paul Delaney - Morgan Stanley  Ed Najarian - Merrill Lynch  Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets  Gaurav Patankar - SuNova Capital  John Boland - Maple Capital Management  Gary Townsend - FBR Capital Markets  David Pringle - Salespoint Research 
Operator: Welcome to the KeyCorp third quarter 2007 earnings resultsconference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like toturn the conference over to your host, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer HenryMeyer. Mr. Meyer, please go ahead.
 Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp'sthird quarter earnings conference call. We appreciate you taking the time to bea part of our discussion today. Joining me for today's presentation is our CFO,Jeff Weeden. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of our call are our Vice Chairs,Tom Bunn and Beth Mooney. Chuck Hyle, our Chief Risk Officer, is unavailable toparticipate today due to a family emergency that called him out of town.  I would now like to turn your attention to Slide 2, which isour forward-looking disclosure statement. As you know, it covers ourpresentation and the Q&A portion that will follow.  Before Jeff reviews our third quarter financial results, Iwant to make a few comments with respect to the points noted on Slide 3. Duringthe third quarter, the fixed income markets experienced one of the mostvolatile periods in a long, long time. As an industry, we saw credit spreadswiden rapidly and financial markets come to a near halt for a number of weeksas markets repriced for risk. This repricing of the financial assets in thethird quarter resulted in writedowns in our commercial real estate held for saleportfolio, our loan trading book, and other investments impacted by thechanging market conditions.  While the fixed income markets continue to remain under somepressure as we head into the fourth quarter, they certainly feel better to ustoday than they did just a few short weeks ago; as a result, we believe most ofthe financial impact of our held for sale portfolios is behind us and we expectto see improved results from these portfolios over the remainder of the year.  Business activity outside of the fixed income marketsremained fairly good during the quarter. We experienced better growth in bothloans and core deposits than we had for several quarters, and we also sawgrowth in our institutional asset management business.  Given the revenue challenges related to the fixed incomemarkets and increased credit costs, we have focused on controlling our expensesand will continue to manage our expenses closely while still making investmentsin our franchise for the future.  As you saw in our earnings release, we experienced anincrease in our non-performing assets during the third quarter resulting fromseveral projects in the residential property segment of our real estate capitalline of business moving to non-accrual. The two geographic areas of the countrythat we have been watching for some time and have taken action to reduce ourexposure in are Florida and Southern California. These are the two parts of the country where weexperienced an increase in non-performing assets.  As you may recall, we started reducing our condo exposure inFlorida over two years ago, bynot making any new commitments. There are a number of projects we financed inFlorida that are coming to completion in the next two quarters which willfurther reduce our exposure to this market.  During the third quarter, we continued to pursueopportunities to grow our franchise through targeted acquisitions. In lateJuly, we announced our plans to acquire USB Holding Company, the holdingcompany for Union State Bank, headquartered in Orangeburg, New York. We remain on track with thisacquisition and expect to close the transaction in early 2008, subject toapproval by the USB Holding Company shareholders and banking regulators. Theaddition of Union State Bank to our community bank operations in the lower Hudson Valley will double our presence inthis market to 64 branches. Another addition to our operations that we announced in thethird quarter and just recently closed on earlier this month was theacquisition of Tuition Management Systems, one of the leading providers ofeducation-related financial services. With this addition to Key, we now operateone of the largest educational payment plan providers in the nation.  As we have said in the past, we will continue to look atopportunities to build our community bank as well as to add strength to our nationalbanking businesses to further leverage our capabilities.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff for a review of ourfinancial results. 
 Jeff Weeden: Thank you, Henry. I'll begin with the financial summaryshown on slide 4. My comments today will be with respect to Key's results fromcontinuing operations; however, before I begin, I will comment on the $0.03loss from discontinued operations. This amount relates to the writedown of thelease on the former Champion Mortgage Headquarters building in the thirdquarter.  Now, from third quarter continuing operations, we earned$0.57 per share compared to $0.74 per share for the same period one year agoand $0.85 in the second quarter of 2007. Our ROE in the third quarter of 2007was 11.50%, down from 15.52% in the third quarter of 2006. The disruptions inthe fixed income markets and higher credit costs had an impact on ouryear-over-year quarterly comparison.  I'll comment further on our third quarter results and ourfourth quarter outlook as we review the remaining slides in our presentation. Turning to slide 5, the company’s taxable equivalent netinterest income for the third quarter increased $6 million from the secondquarter and decreased $14 million from the same period one year ago. For thethird quarter of 2007, our net interest margin remained under pressure,declining 6 basis points to 3.40% from the second quarter level and down 21basis points from the same period one year ago. We did experience good growthin our core deposits during the third quarter compared to the second quarter;however, the cost of these deposits continued to rise.  With the rate cut by the Fed in September, we havesubsequently made adjustments in a number of our deposit rates; however, due tocompetitive pressures, the full amount of the adjustment has yet to be made inthe rates paid for these funds. This normal lag effect on consumer depositrates and increase in the line utilization on the part of commercial customersand higher levels of non-performing assets will continue to place pressure onthe net interest margin until wider credit spreads can work their way throughthe balance sheet.  On the other hand, higher earning asset levels should offsetthe margin pressure impact on net interest income. Our outlook for the netinterest margin in the fourth quarter is to be in the low to mid 3.30% range. Slide 6 highlights the changes in our non-interest incomebetween the third quarter of 2007, the second quarter of 2007 and the thirdquarter of 2006. As we stated in our earnings release and in our earliercomments, the volatility of the fixed income markets had a significant impacton our third quarter non-interest income. For the quarter, our non-interestincome was down $211 million from the very strong second quarter of this year,and down $105 million from the same period one year ago.  During the third quarter, we recognized $77 million in netlosses in our held for sale loan portfolio, trading assets and otherinvestments primarily related to commercial real estate. This total reflectsboth realized and unrealized losses as we mark these portfolios to market atthe end of September.  Another area of non-interest income that was down in thethird quarter was principal investing. In this case, we had comparison to verystrong prior quarter results. We did experience growth in several other non-interestincome categories during the quarter, including deposit service charge incomewhich grew from both the second quarter and prior year level as we continue toadd more transaction deposit accounts in our community banking operations.  In addition, income from trusted investment services showedgrowth over the second quarter and the prior year results, adjusting for thesale of McDonald Investments Branch Network. In the third quarter of 2006, wehad brokerage income of $33 million from the McDonald Investments Branchoperations recorded in this category.  Also in the third quarter, we realized a $27 million gainrelated to the sale of MasterCard shares compared to $40 million in the secondquarter. With this third quarter sale, we have no additional MasterCard sharesremaining. Turning to slide 7, we have prepared a similar comparison ofthe increase/decrease in non-interest expense between the third quarter of 2007,the second quarter of this year and the third quarter of last year. Overall, wemaintained control of our expenses and reduced incentive accruals to reflectthe decline in revenue we experienced in the third quarter. Turning to Slide 8, our average loans from continuingoperations increased $1.4 billion, or 2.1% unannualized from the second quarterof 2007 and were up $2.5 billion or 3.8% compared to the same period one yearago. Average commercial loan balances were up 4.5% in the current quarterversus one year ago, and up 1.9% unannualized from the second quarter of 2007.Average consumer loans were up 2.1% from the same period one year ago and up2.4% unannualized from the second quarter level.  Our outlook for commercial loans is an annualized growthrate in the mid to upper single-digit range for the balance of 2007 and forconsumer loans, an annualized growth rate in the low to mid single-digit rangeon a linked quarter basis. Turning to slide 9, I'll speak to the growth we experiencedin our average core deposits in the third quarter versus the second quarter.Comparisons to the first quarter and prior quarter shown are impacted by thesale of the McDonald Investment Branch network. Comparisons to the secondquarter are not impacted by this sale. The dotted line on this chart representsthe adjusted year-over-year percentage growth comparisons, excluding the impactof the McDonald deposits sold.  We experienced good growth in average core deposits duringthe third quarter compared to the second quarter of this year, as we priced ourNOW and money market deposit accounts more competitively in the markets inwhich we compete. Our NOW and money-market deposit accounts were up $1.2billion, or 5.4% unannualized. In addition, our DDA balances increased $497million or 3.6% unannualized compared to the second quarter.  The growth we experienced in our DDA balances came from ourcommercial mortgage servicing area. As of the end of the third quarter, ourcommercial mortgage servicing portfolio had grown to over $134 billion and had $4.5billion of escrow balances associated with this business.  Our CD balances were down $0.5 billion compared to thesecond quarter of this year as consumers continued to move money back into theNOW and money market deposit accounts. Our expectation for the fourth quarter2007 is to see an annualized core deposit growth rate in the low to midsingle-digit range on a linked quarter basis.  Slide 10 shows our asset quality summary. Net charge-offs inthe quarter were $59 million, or 35 basis points, compared to $53 million or 32basis points in the second quarter and $43 million, or 26 basis points, in thesame period one year ago. While not shown on this slide, our provision for loanlosses was $69 million in the third quarter compared to $53 million in thesecond quarter and $35 million in the third quarter of 2006.  Non-performing assets at September 30, 2007, totaled $570 million and represented83 basis points of total loans, other real estate owned and othernon-performing assets. This compares with $378 million, or 57 basis points inthe second quarter, and $329 million or 50 basis points one year ago.  As we stated in our earnings release, the increase innon-performing assets was primarily related to the residential property segmentof our commercial real estate construction portfolio. The majority of thisincrease in this segment came from loans outstanding in Floridaand California. We have includedin the appendix of the slides today a breakdown by property type and geographiclocation of our entire commercial real estate book. In addition, we have includedadditional information with respect to the residential construction portfolio.  Outside of the residential real estate constructionportfolio, we experienced only modest increases in non- performing loans duringthe current quarter. The loan loss reserve at September 30, 2007 represented 1.38% of total loans andour coverage ratio of our allowance to non-performing loans stood at 192%. Ouroutlook for net charge-offs for the fourth quarter is in the 35 to 45 basispoint range. Looking at Slide 11, the company's tangible capital totangible asset ratio was 6.78% and our tier 1 capital ratio was 7.92% at September 30, 2007. During the thirdquarter, we repurchased 2 million of our common shares and reissued 1.3 millionshares under employee benefit plans. At September 30, 2007 we had 14 million shares remaining under our current boardrepurchase authorization. Again, our capital levels allow for future growthopportunities both organically and through acquisitions; in addition, we willuse share repurchase activities in the overall management of our capitallevels. Slide 12 summarizes my comments on our outlook for thefourth quarter of 2007. Included on this slide is our fourth quarter earningsoutlook of $0.68 to $0.74 per share.  That concludes our remarks and now I'll turn the call backover to the operator to provide instructions for the Q&A segment of ourcall. 
Operator: Your first question comes from Brent Erensel - PortalesPartners. 
Brent Erensel - Portales Partners: On your preannouncement in August you talked about capital marketdislocations. What surprised me was the $200 million jump in the real estate, residentialconstruction portfolio non-performers. I was hoping you could address that,given that KeyCorp traditionally has been broad with a diversified product andgeographic category, very conservative underwriting, national skills in local markets;and now, we're seeing a reflection of national “ills”.  Can you comment on this and give us some guidance in termsof what's in the pipeline and how far and how long you think this thing will goon?
Jeff Weeden: I'll comment with respect to the portfolio and Tom Bunn mayalso add some additional comments in a few minutes. I think with respect to thehomebuilder segment, specifically within this residential real estate segment,we saw the deterioration really happened in August and September, so it wasafter we had already filed our second quarter 10-Q.  We were seeing it more in the latter part of September, thedisruptions caused by some of the financing activities related to theresidential mortgage activities. So as those particular financing activitiesstarted to tighten up and the jumbo market became dislocated at that time, anumber of these projects, some of which are still current, we just have taken theproactive activity of placing those particular loans on non-accrual and puttingthem under additional scrutiny.  Our expectation, I think, as we look at migration throughthe credit cycle here, some of it is going to depend on how quickly theresidential mortgage market comes back in some of these particular markets.There weren't a large number of credits that related to that particularincrease. There were only a handful of credits but they were concentrated intwo markets, those being Southern California and also inFlorida.
Tom Bunn: Brent, the only thing I would add to that is we have notadded a new client to our homebuilder segment in the last 12 months and so asyou probably see in these numbers, our homebuilder exposure has declined.Additionally, we feel the loan to value on these specific loans is good andwe're working through them.
Brent Erensel - Portales Partners: I don't want to seem too morbid here, but you saw that DR Hortontoday just got slaughtered with cancellations, 48%. I'm just wondering how youguys can protect yourselves going forward?
 Henry Meyer: I think in terms of cancellations that are out there, theycertainly have an impact on the homebuilder segment of the marketplace. As Tomwas talking about, when we originally underwrote these particular transactions,they were generally done at 65% to 75% loan to value. We've had somedegradation in values in the marketplace. We believe that we still have someprotection out there, but we can't guarantee that there won't be additionalwritedowns in the market values that are out there associated with theunderlying properties. So we'll continue to monitor appraisals and the ultimatesale of those particular properties that we are financing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew O'Connor - UBS. 
 Matthew O’Connor - UBS: If you could just elaborate a little bit on how you guysdecide when to writedown loans as they move into non- performing? It justjumped out; you had a big increase in non-performers. The charge-offs wererelatively stable. Is it that you have a loss content or are you taking aninitial stab at estimating charge-offs and there's probably more to comerelated to those loans?
 Jeff Weeden: As we go through and we place a loan on non-performing,we'll take the charge-off at that particular point in time. We also have to, ofcourse, to continue to monitor the asset values over time and we'll continue toadjust if necessary and put charge-offs through at subsequent time periods.
 Matthew O’Connor - UBS: So you're pretty confident that the increase in NPAs thisquarter, you've written them down to values that you'll recover?
 Jeff Weeden: As of the end of September, Matt. I don't think any of uscan have a crystal ball to look out into the future on that.
Tom Bunn: Matt, the one thing I would add to that is that an exampleis we have a piece of property where we have a conservative loan to value andwe have an offer on the table for our loan value for that piece of property. Wewill obviously execute that contract. I think going back to Jeff's comment iswe feel like the carry value of these properties is currently written to wherewe think we can get them.
 Matthew O’Connor - UBS: Will that sale occur in the fourth quarter, meaningnon-performers will decline?
Tom Bunn: We don't have a crystal ball on that. We would expect someof this to occur, but we're not sure.
 Henry Meyer: Matt, I think it's a dynamic portfolio so while thisparticular transaction that Tom referred to may close and have a positiveimpact on non-performers, I don't think of us can clearly say that there won'tbe additional migration of credit over time as we go through the credit cycle.
 Matthew O’Connor - UBS: Just separately, your core deposit growth -- and I'm just looking at deposits ex-CDs -- wasvery good this quarter but the rates rose a lot. You talked about somemigration from CD's to the money market. Was that an active campaign that youhad going on? I am just trying to reconcile the increase in rates with obviouslythe lower rates in the market overall.
Beth Mooney: Third quarter is typically a historically strong quarter forthe acquisition of new clients and we did position two new products into themarketplace that were in our NOW and money market accounts. Both wererelationship-based, required a core checking account along with it, and acrossour geography carried relatively premium rates. We were successful ingenerating, as you can see, some strong account as well as deposit growth aspart of that, and really repopulated some of our CD book into what we considermore core accounts.  We feel like those were cost effective deposits in thiscurrent rate environment and if you think about we're going into a period ofdeclining rates, that is a managed rate book and we feel like those not onlywere attractive client segments and new deposits, but also something we'll beable to cost effectively manage over the cycle.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald - Banc ofAmerica Securities. 
 John McDonald - Banc of America Securities: Could you give a little color, Jeff, on what kind of capitalmarkets fee revenue assumptions are embedded in your fourth quarter EPSoutlook? 
 Jeff Weeden: John, what we had basically in the third quarter, wereported losses of $77 million between all of the various capital markets-relatedactivities, net losses. We would expect that we would have obviously a reboundin the fourth quarter, I think what we are looking at now, a number of themarks that we took in the fourth quarter we've been able to clear some of thatproduct through the market. In addition, some of the credit spreads havetightened up somewhat here as we've gone into October, so I think that bodesbetter for profitability. So it bounced back from where we were, but not necessarilygoing back to what we experienced in the second quarter; but certainly, a morenormal related activity for us.
 John McDonald - Banc of America Securities:  How about just interms of private equity activity and then maybe if you can comment on studentsecuritization?
 Jeff Weeden: With respect to the private equity activity, we had $9million in gains in the third quarter and we were coming off some pretty strongcomps. Obviously I think as we go into the fourth quarter private equity gainsare difficult to forecast but we would expect that we would be at least at thethird quarter level in the fourth quarter, and may do better than that. As far as the student loan securitization, those particularmarkets are still fairly tight at this point in time, and we are not currentlyplanning on a securitization in the fourth quarter. That will probablycarryover into the first quarter of next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry McEvoy - Oppenheimer. 
Terry McEvoy - Oppenheimer: Looking at the community banking line of business, theprovision had been running at about $20 million a quarter. I was surprised tosee it dip down to $1 million, just given the size of that portfolio, about $27billion. Could you just talk about that line of business and the provision inthe third quarter?
 Jeff Weeden:  Yes. As far as theprovision goes, we had an overall provision of $69 million compared to netcharge-offs of $59 million, and we went through our book of business and wereallocated some of our reserves over to the commercial side. You saw commercialreal estate’s provision for loan losses was much increased this quarter as wesaw migration of credit. The community bank book of business, the creditquality has held up very well there so we moved some of our reserves over intosome of the other lines of business.
Terry McEvoy - Oppenheimer: The indirect marine portfolio was up about 19% from lastyear, about 5% of the loan portfolio. Could you just talk about the quality ofthe borrower and maybe a geographic breakdown of the portfolio?
Tom Bunn: We have kept a close eye on the quality of that borrower.We've increased expected credit scores there. The credit quality of thatportfolio has remained good. It is predominantly a water-related portfolio,obviously, so you have exposures in Floridaand California, but the creditqualities remain very good and the credit scores, we've pushed credit scores upand we're working to improve spreads.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: Jeff, do you actually have an aggregate loan to value forthe entire CRE portfolio today, and could you also identify the remainingexposure to Florida condos?
 Jeff Weeden: I do not have, Tony, an overall loan to value for the entirecommercial real estate book of business with me today. With respect to the Floridacondo exposure, around $360 million is what's remaining.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: I wondered about the size, Tom, of the real estate capital markets,the private equity investment pools you have there. I guess your basis forconfidence is you will revert back to gains this quarter.
Tom Bunn:  Well, we're talkingabout two different portfolios. There's a real estate private equity portfolio,and Jeff answered a question regarding our broader KeyCorp private equity.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus:  Yes, I understand.
Tom Bunn: Our portfolio is $238 million total in the private equityside for real estate. That consists of $134 million which is mezzanine, so it'snot equity debt, and $104 million in equity, and a large majority of that is incommercial real estate rather than in residential real estate.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus:  One final questionhere is the trend you're seeing in risk classification migrations outside ofcommercial real estate. I gather, Jeff, that they're reasonably stable?
 Jeff Weeden: They are reasonably stable. I mean, we continue to watch themigration but it's been very stable.
 Henry Meyer: If I might add one other comment here, even within the real estateportfolio, outside the homebuilder sector, the commercial real estate has hadsolid credit performance with very low migration.
Operator: We'll take our next question with Paul Delaney - MorganStanley.
 Paul Delaney - Morgan Stanley: I had a question on the allowance in non-performers; it has comedown very significantly, in about the last three quarters. Is that really justa function of the loss content that you see in those constructionnon-performers being pretty low? I am just trying to reconcile that ratio goingdown while all of the other credit ratios are going up.
 Jeff Weeden: I think any time, Paul, that you look over a credit cycle thereare going to be times when you see the allowance in non-performing loans getdown to a lower percentage. With your non-performing loans, you are notindicating that there is massive loss content in those particular credits. Justlike when you look at non-performing drop and you have a very high percentagecoverage, you are really reserving for the entire portfolio, includingnon-performing loans.  As we go through our non-performing assets, we'll take thecharge-offs when we place them into non- performing and we'll continue tomonitor those credits, obviously, for any further degradation or finalliquidation and there may be additional charges that go through subsequent tothat particular placement on non-accrual.
 Paul Delaney - Morgan Stanley: Can you just tell us a little bit more about how you aredoing the appraisals on the construction book? Is that a rolling process orwill we have to wait until the spring selling season next year to get a betterunderstanding of how those appraisals will shake out?
Tom Bunn: We are very actively monitoring this portfolio. We areactively reappraising and relooking at every loan, specifically the homebuildercondo portfolio. So no, we are not waiting around for the spring sellingseason.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Najarian - Merrill Lynch. 
 Ed Najarian - Merrill Lynch: To come back to residential real estate, could you provideany color on how the jump in non-accrual status might impact net interestincome in terms of not generating interest revenue on those loans, orpotentially having to reverse out prior interest revenue? Then could you alsopotentially provide some color on how this increase in NPA's might affect yourfuture CMBS securitization revenue? Thanks.
 Jeff Weeden: Ed, with respect to the net interest income and net interestmargin, it did have an impact on the third quarter; it probably reduced ourmargin by 1 basis point. So as we look at the fourth quarter, our guidance thatwe provided of low to mid 3.30% range incorporates in the higher level ofnon-performing assets that we have on our books.
 Ed Najarian - Merrill Lynch:  Are there anyreversals of interest income happening because of this?
 Jeff Weeden: For the most part, the loans we put on non-accrual, theywere relatively current so there was very little in the reversal of netinterest income. Those reversals happened in the third quarter. So if there arenew loans placed on non-accrual in the fourth quarter, there may be somereversals of income, but that's very difficult to project at this point.
 Ed Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Secondarily, could you make some comments about the CMBSsecuritization revenue going forward?
Tom Bunn: We think the adjustment that occurred in the third quarterwas an extraordinary adjustment. We have seen spreads tighten, as we've talkedabout earlier, which has improved the outlook for the CMBS book. The CMBSorigination has slowed; not surprisingly, given the overall cost of thatbusiness now. We are optimistic that it's going to return to normalprofitability of the business as early as the fourth quarter and we're veryoptimistic about the business going into ‘08. It's a very core business to ouroriginate/distribute model and it's a business that has been profitable for aslong as we've been in it and we expect that to continue.
 Jeff Weeden:  Ed, I'll make oneadditional comment on that. With respect to about 25% of what we have in ourwarehouse currently, it's locked in with a total return hedge, so we're verycomfortable with that. We've hedged the rest of the portfolio with respect tointerest rate risks, and we'll have to see how credit spreads continue throughthe process.  I think as we look into 2008, activity for origination hascertainly slowed down so we'll probably have less activity in 2008 associatedwith this particular business, just because those loans are not beingoriginated at the present time.
 Ed Najarian - Merrill Lynch:  So we should look atthat business going forward as a somewhat slower business from an originationstandpoint versus where it was prior to Q3? As well as a business that shouldhave potentially -- or could have potentially -- tighter spreads onsecuritization for you as the bank?
Tom Bunn:  Correct.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gerard Cassidy - RBCCapital Markets.
 Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: A couple of questions coming back to the commercial real estateloans. I think you indicated you had $360 million of condominium loans still inFlorida. Could you tell us what thenon-performing asset number is attached to that portfolio?
 Jeff Weeden:  Yes. I think I've gotthat here with me, I just have to look to the schedule. On the non-performingassets associated with condos, there are no non-performers in the condo portfolioin Florida as of the end ofSeptember.
 Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: In the commercial real estate detail you gave us about $2billion of retail properties. Could you tell us what dollar amount orpercentage is in strip malls versus large malls or other types of retailproperties?
Tom Bunn: Strip center total is about $390 million.
 Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Finally, in the past credit cycles that we've had, theregulators tend to become a little more focused on credit and in fact they'veeven used specific, targeted commercial real estate exams. Have you guys heardanything from the OCC about that maybe starting or have you experienced thatalready?
 Henry Meyer: We have not been notified by either of our regulators, theOCC and the Fed. Although we hear talk of that, we can't confirm anything.
 Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Finally since you're there, Henry, in terms of acquisitionsobviously you guys are always looking to enhance the franchise. Are you sensingthat smaller regional/community banks are more interested in coming togetherand possibly selling to you guys or to others because of some of the challengeson the horizon?
 Henry Meyer: I hope that starts but no, I can't tell you that we've beeneither better received or had regional banks calling us, community banks inparticular. I think that this environment is not unique to Key in terms of whatspreads are doing and what's happening. I think that as all of us in thisindustry are in some stage of our process for 2008 planning, I think 2008 willbe a more difficult year. Bernanke was saying yesterday that this marketdisruption isn't going to work its way through until maybe late in 2008.  One hopes, at least from my perspective, that there will besome banks and boards that come to the conclusion that maybe the capabilitiesof a company like Key would benefit them and their clients and their markets;but no, I haven't seen it yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gaurav Patankar – SuNovaCapital. 
Gaurav Patankar -SuNova Capital: In terms of allowance to total loans, you said that goingthrough a cycle 192% might not be that much. I was wondering, what kind ofcomfort level is there operating at those levels versus providing a little moreinto the coming quarters? Can you giveus some color on how the management team has been thinking about that?
 Henry Meyer: Certainly. I think as we go through and look at our build upof our loan loss reserve, it's something that we have to go through and documenteach and every quarter. As non-performers increase, as you see just normalmigration credit, I think there's the normal expectation that as charge-offs goup in this time of the cycle that provision will also end up going up and thenjust like it did in the third quarter, we've ended up providing more than whatwe've charged off. So that particular pattern could exist in future periods aswe continue to go through the cycle.
Gaurav Patankar -SuNova Capital: A question on the $77 million in losses that you guys took; Ithink this is both a combination of a gain on sale losses as well as some markdowns.With the market, as you alluded to, with the market coming back toward the endof the third quarter and the beginning of the fourth quarter, would you expectsome write backs in the fourth quarter?
 Henry Meyer: Well, we would have to see what is actually realized onthose particular portfolios that we're just taking marks on. So as thoseparticular loans are securitized through the CMBS structures and they're placedinto the marketplace, we'll have to judge what we receive versus what the marksare on those particular bonds. We feel comfortable with our marks as of the endof the third quarter, but it's very difficult to project out what creditspreads are going to do for the balance of the year.
Operator: We'll take our next question with John Boland - MapleCapital Management.
John Boland - Maple Capital Management: We've had a lot of questions about the loan loss provisions,but it just seems to me you should have been a lot more aggressive this quarter.I'm just wondering, what might I be missing? Are you seeing some trendsmoderating that have given you the comfort to not take bigger charges thisquarter?
 Jeff Weeden: When we look at the charge-offs, we have to look at theactual loss content in the specific loans and we were able to either sellparticular loans or we wrote them down to net realizable values. It is notsomething that you can just go through and start charging off.
John Boland - Maple Capital Management:  I'm sorry, I meantprovision. Excuse me, I may have misspoken.
 Jeff Weeden:  Well provision again,we go through a very elaborate build-up process and it's going to bespecifically related to the credit grade. I believe there was an earlierquestion that asked about what are we seeing outside of the residential propertyportfolio and those particular portfolios seem to be performing fine, evenwithin commercial real estate as well as other portfolios.  We are seeing normal migration of credit, but we've factoredthat in when we do our reserve analysis. I think if you compare our reservelevels we maintain as a company, they would compare favorably to some of ourother peers.
John Boland - Maple Capital Management: Given the trends out there that seem to be developing oncredit and given the fact that you seem to be somewhat under reserved right nowat 192, do you have any comment or can you give us any guidance on what mightbe happening to the balance of your $14 million share repurchase program? Canwe assume that's on hold?
 Henry Meyer: First of all, I take a little bit of exception with yourunder-reserved at 192. You are focusing on one number, which is reserved tonon- performers. We talked about a little bit of a jump in the non-performersin the commercial real estate area, some of which we indicated -- maybe youdidn't hear it -- but that they are current. It has to do with, what's thequality and what's the loss content on those non-accruals? That's one ratio.  Our reserve to total loans is one of the strongest in theindustry and we've added more than we charged off, and we've talked about therest of the portfolio being stable. You can focus on anything you want. I wouldtell you that is one ratio, but it's only one of a number of ratios that youreally need to look at. On the stock buyback, we have been very consistent intalking about how we use stock repurchase as a capital management tool andwe'll continue to do that. There is no question that we will use a little bitof our capital when we close the Union State Bank deal in the first quarter of2008, so we want to build to that point where after that deal is completed westill have the flexibility on our balance sheet that we strive to retain.
John Boland - Maple Capital Management: So we can assume that buybacks will moderate a little bit inthe next quarter or two, until the deal closes?
 Jeff Weeden:  I think you can lookat share repurchase activity to be comparable to what we experienced in thethird quarter which was just nominal activity to offset primarily what wasreissued under employee benefit plans.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Townsend - FBR CapitalMarkets.
Gary Townsend - FBR Capital Markets: On another subject, deposit growth seemed to be very good inthe quarter. Can you discuss what was helping with that success and are youdoing anything different? What are your competitors doing?
Beth Mooney: As I've stated earlier, we did have some very targeted andfocused marketing and new client acquisitions in the third quarter, centeredboth around core transactional DDA accounts as well as money market and NOWaccounts. Those were programmatic in the third quarter. They were successful.We increased the average number of accounts in both money market and coretransactional, as well as our balances, as you saw grew nicely in the money marketand NOW.  Competitive price on the interest bearing book, but as Isaid in a declining interest rate environment, that will serve us well versus continuedCDs which a lot of our competitors put in the market. We had a solidacquisition of new accounts and new deposit dollars in the third quarter.
Gary Townsend - FBR Capital Markets: Oftentimes, these new accounts don't stick. How do youassess that issue?
Beth Mooney:  One, they wererelationship accounts, they were paired to a core transactional or DDA account.You are right, there are always some ebbs and flows but we monitor that, and thequality of the average balances and the profile of the client look strong. Partof what we do in the fourth quarter is a very robust on-boarding where wecontact and follow back up with those new households for additional productsand services.
Gary Townsend - FBR Capital Markets: Geographically, any particular areas of special strength?
Beth Mooney: The western markets were the strongest. That rateenvironment seems to be the most rational from a competitive point of view sowe saw, probably on a percentage basis, the strongest growth and the weakestwould be in the Great Lakes where you have the mostcompetitive rates in the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Pringle - SalespointResearch. 
David Pringle - Salespoint Research: How much of your loan growth this quarter came from slower capitalmarkets activity in the C&I book and the commercial real estate book?
Tom Bunn:  I don't think we canexactly quantify it dollar for dollar, but it is clear to us the institutionalside of both real estate and corporate we saw some clients who normally wouldhave capital market access use their lines either because they didn't have theaccess or didn't like the pricing of that access. We don't expect that tocontinue. In Jeff's estimates for loan growth for the fourth quarter weexpected that activity to be flat to down, so we think it's an aberration ofthe market and those clients will go back to the capital market, and havealready, in some cases.
David Pringle - Salespoint Research: In the commercial real estate book, you're up about $600million in the third quarter. How much of that, if the markets had been open,would have been securitized?
 Jeff Weeden: Well, the securitization side of the equation would be inthe held for sale portfolio, so not in what you're seeing in the other book.Those are going to be just new construction loans and mortgage loans that arebeing made by the company.
David Pringle - Salespoint Research: You had a pretty substantial reduction in expenses in thethird quarter. Can you do that in the fourth quarter again?
 Jeff Weeden: David, if you recall, the third quarter versus the secondquarter, the most substantial portion of the reduction, there were two areas:one related to the incentive compensation accruals coming down and the secondarea was the litigation reserve that we had in the second quarter, which didnot repeat in the third quarter. I would not anticipate that type of reductionas we go into the fourth quarter and we may see some expenses that are tieddirectly to revenue go back up slightly in the fourth quarter.
David Pringle - Salespoint Research: How many people do you have in loan work out at this point,and how does that compare to say six months ago?
 Jeff Weeden:  I don't have theexact number of FTE's that we have specifically in the loan work out area butclearly we continue to look at, do we ship additional resources into that group?We have less need on some of the line side of the equation moving resourcesaround in the organization, so that's how we're going to try to manage some ofthose costs, is the redistribution of some of the resources to collectingversus the origination.
Operator: This does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd liketo turn it back over to Mr. Henry Meyer for any additional or closing remarks.
 Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator. Again, we thank all of you for takingtime out of your busy schedule to participate in our call today. If you haveany follow-up questions on the items we discussed, please call Vern Pattersonin our Investor Relation's Department at 216.689.0520.  That concludes our remarks. I hope everyone has a great dayand we are adjourned.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-19 08:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Henry L. Meyer III - Chairman and CEO   Jeffrey B. Weeden - CFO   Charles S. Hyle - EVP and Chief Risk Officer   Thomas W. Bunn - Vice Chair   Beth Mooney - Vice Chair 
Analysts: Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets   Unidentified Analyst   Gary Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company   Matthew O'Connor - UBS   Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank   Terry Mcevoy - Oppenheimer& Company   Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch   Unidentified Analyst   John Mcdonald - Banc of America Securities   Michael Holton - Merrill Lynch   David Konrad - KBW   Michael Rogers - Conning Asset Management   Jim Agah - Millennium Partners 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Results Conference Call. This call is being recorded.  At this time, I will like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry Meyer. Please go ahead sir. 
Henry L. Meyer III - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s second quarter earnings conference call. We are appreciating you taking time to be a part of our discussion today.  Joining me for the presentation is our CFO, Jeff Weeden, and also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call are our Vice Chairs, Tom Bunn, and Beth Mooney, and our Chief Risk Officer, Chuck Hyle.  Before Jeff reviews our financial results, I want to make a few comments on the quarter. Overall, I was very pleased with the Company’s financial results, especially in light of the continued, competitive pressures, and the challenging interest rate environment. Key’s results were driven by this performance in several of our fee-based businesses and effective expense control. We’ve also continued to invest for our future. Our investments includes human capital making sure that we have the right people and providing the necessary training in technology including our new teller 21 platform is scheduled for implementation across the Company in the second half of ’07 in the first half of 2008, and an infrastructure with plans to modernize a significant number of our branches over the next three years.  Beyond our financial performance, we also had some positive news on the compliance front. As we previously reported, the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland have removed the regulatory agreements with Key. I am extremely appreciative of the commitment and level of effort that put by our employees and little support provided by our Board of Directors as we strengthened our anti-money laundering and Bank Secrecy Act compliance programs.  Now, I will turn the call over to Jeff for review of our financial results. Jeff? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Henry. I would like to direct everybody’s attention first to slide two, which covers our forward-looking disclosure statement. This will cover both the presentation and the Q&A segment of our call today. Looking at slide three, which is our financial summary. As Henry mentioned, we had a very good second quarter with EPS from continuing operations at $0.85 per share compared to $0.74 per share for the same period one year ago. Our ROE in the second quarter of 2007 was 17.66%, up from 15.85% in the second quarter of 2006.  Turning to slide four. The Company taxable equivalent net interest income for the second quarter increased $6 million from the first quarter and decreased $20 million from the same period one year ago. For the second quarter of 2007, our net interest margin was 3.46% down 4 basis points from the first quarter level and down 22 basis points from the same period one year ago. We believe that most of the near term negative pressure that we have been facing on our net interest margin is coming to end, and we should see greater stability of the margin around the mid 3.40% range for the second half of 2007. As of the end of the second quarter, our exposure to a 200 basis points changed in short-term interest rates over the next 12 months remains relatively neutral.  Slide five, highlights the changes in non-interest income between the second quarter of 2007, the first quarter of this year, and the second quarter of last year. The strong growth in our year-over-year results reflects increases of 67 million in principal investing gains, $23 million from loan securitizations and sales, and higher revenue from several of other fee-based businesses. We also had a $40 million gain related to the sale of MasterCard shares compared with a $9 million in the year ago results. Trust and investment services income was down due to the McDonald branch divestiture. In the first quarter of this year, we had brokerage income from the McDonald investments recorded in this category of 16 million, and then the second quarter of last year that amount was 34 million. Adjusting for the McDonald brokerage revenue recorded in prior periods, we experienced a good growth in trust and investment services revenue with growth coming from key investment services and from both our personal asset management area in Key private bank and our institutional asset in management area in victory capital management. Service charges on deposit accounts are up compared to both the prior quarter and the same period one year ago. Investment banking and capital markets income was down $5 million from the same period one year ago, and up $8 million from the first quarter. As we head in the second half of 2007, our pipeline for investment banking opportunities remain solid.  Turning to slide six. We have prepared a similar comparison of the increases and decreases in non-interest expense between the second quarter of this year and the first quarter of 2007, and the second quarter of 2006. As a general comment, we are pleased with the overall expense control we experienced in the second quarter. Excluding the $42 million charge related to litigation in the second quarter and the $14 million swing we had in the probation for unfunded commitments to an expense from a credit in the first quarter, our non-interest expense decreased by $25 million compared to the first quarter. The decrease is related to the McDonald’s branch divestiture. Excluding this impact, total non-interest expense was flat between the second quarter and the first quarter of this year. The personnel expense compared to the first quarter of 2007 decreased $17 million. McDonald branch divestiture had the largest impact on these numbers accounted for 13 million of the change between the second quarter and the first quarter of this year.  Turning to slide seven. Our average loans from continuing operations increased $646 million or 1% on the annualized from the first quarter of 2007, and were up $1.3 billion or 2% compared to the same period one year ago. Average commercial loan balances were up 2.9% in the current quarter versus one year ago and up 0.9% on annualized from the first quarter of 2007. Average consumer loans were down 0.4% from the same period one year ago and up 1.1% on annualized from the first quarter level. Our outlook for the both commercial and consumer loan growth is to be in the low to mid single digit range for the balance of 2007.  Turning to slide eight. The sale of the McDonald branch investment network had an impact on our average balances comparisons between the second quarter of 2007 and the first quarter of 2007 and the prior year comparisons. During the first quarter, we transferred as part of the sale approximately 1.3 billion of now and money market deposit accounts to the buyer. On an average balanced basis, the balance is transferred, represented approximately $700 million for the first quarter of 2007 and $1.5 billion for the second quarter of 2006. Adjusting for these balances, core deposits were up approximately $0.9 billion compared to the first quarter of 2007 and up 0.5 billion compared to the same period one year ago. Our DDA balances continuing to show year-over-year and linked quarter growth. With growth coming from both personal checking accounts and escrow balances in our commercial mortgage servicing area. Our CD balances were down slightly compared to the first quarter of this year as we adjusted our product offering to make our MMDA and NOW account offering more competitive. This cause consumers to begin to move money back into MMDA and NOW accounts in the later part of the second quarter. Our expectation for the second half of 2007 is the CR core deposit growth in the low to mid single digit range on a linked quarter basis.  Slide nine shows our asset quality trends. Net charge offs in the quarter were $53 million or 32 basis points compared with $44 million or 27 basis points in the first quarter, and $34 million or 22 basis points for the same period one year ago. Non-performing assets at June 30, 2007 totaled $378 million and represent 57 basis points of total loans, other real estate loan, and other non-performing assets. This compares with $353 million or 54 basis points in the first quarter of this year and $308 million or 46 basis points for the same period one year ago. The loan loss reserve at June 30, 2007 represented 1.42% of total loans, and our coverage ratio of our allowance to non-performing loans stood at 342%. We expect credit quality to remain fairly benign with the modest bias for an increase in net charge offs over the remainder of 2007. Our guidance remains for net charge offs to be in the 30 basis to 40 basis point range for the second half of 2007.  Looking at slide 10, the Company’s tangible capital to tangible asset ratio was 6.89% and our Tier 1 capital ratio was 8.10% at June 30, 2007. During the second quarter, we repurchased 6 million of our common shares and reissued 0.9 million shares under employee benefit plans. At June 30, 2007, we had 16 million shares remaining under our current reward repurchase authorization. Our capital levels allow for future growth opportunities both organically and through acquisitions, in addition to continued use of share repurchases in the overall management of the capital levels.  And finally turning to slide 11, which summarizes my comments on the outlook for the second half of 2007. Included on this slide is our second half 2007 earnings outlook of $1.50 to $1.60 per share. 2007 will be the last year in which we provide specific EPS guidance. However, we still plan on providing our outlook with respect to some of the main drivers of earnings such as those listed on this slide in future updates.  That concludes our remarks, and I will turn the call back over to the operator to provide specific instructions for the Q&A segment of our call. Operator? 
Question and Answer:
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions].  Our first question comes from Gerard Cassidy, RBC Capital Markets. 
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. Thank you. Jeff, could you… just a follow-up on your last comment about the guidance for EPS is coming to stop after ’07. What was the banking behind you guys changing your position on providing guidance? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Well, we have looked at a number of other banks that provide guidance and most of the guidance that’s provided today by companies happens to be in the form of specific line items rather than a specific earnings per share. As you recall earlier this year, we went away from providing quarterly guidance and with to an annual guidance. So, this is just the continuation of now moving away from earnings per share guidance all together. 
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. It look like from your prior quarter, when we look at the ’07 earnings outlook, the guidance almost 280 to 295 for the full year and now it looks like you pumped that up to 300 to 320 on an annualized basis in the second half. What was… even though your margin is pretty much unchanged, what’s the positive change that’s up the earnings guidance, if I am interrupting it correctly? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Well, there are couple things, one, we have had… I think just the strength that we had in the second quarter with respect to principal investing and then our outlook for the balance of the year with respect to certain key our businesses, I think [inaudible] area and the National banking area, they are very positive on second half of the area with respect to some other Key based businesses. I think in terms of looking at principal investing for the balance of the year, the outlook remains favorable. As I think we said in our press release, we don’t expected to be at the same level. We experienced in the second quarter, but we do expect it to be favorable compared to prior years. And I think we also had… we had a favorable loan growth in the second quarter. And so, that give us more confidence as we head into the second half of the year, given our pipelines and some of the activities are taking place in the community banks as well as things that are happening in the National bank to provide the guidance that we did. 
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: And my final question is, speaking of loan growth, do you guys participate in the syndicated leverage loans that are being driven today by all the privatization of companies. And if so, what’s the size of that portfolio in the commercial loan category? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Chuck Hyle. 
Charles S. Hyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Hi. This is Chuck Hyle, speaking. We are not material participants in the leverage loan business. We don’t do a lot of, in fact, we do very few of the larger transactions to a very small group and a very small portfolio that focuses on some leverage lending, but the portfolio today is actually smaller than it was two years ago. It’s not a big business for us. 
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from [inaudible] Partners. 
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you and good morning. I am just wondering on the litigation reserves appear over and done and behind us now. And second, would you say the same about the MasterCard gains. And then third, you had a number of peers or smaller brother end that have had some problems with private real estate developers. And I am wondering, why, or can you talk us through that in terms of why you avoid that or how you look at it? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Now for the first thing I cover is the litigation. This is Jeff Weeden. The litigation reserve that we established was for a case that was came to light that we had a unfavorable outcome on. And we’ve taken the full accrual for that particular case. We will still continue to pursue what other avenues we have available to us including the field. With respect to MasterCard, we recognized in the… we sold about 60% of our holdings in the second quarter. So, we still have additional holding of that particular company. And the last question with developers, Chuck Hyle will present. 
Charles S. Hyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Well, let me address private developer side. Our National Commercial Real Estate business is first of all focused more at a larger end of the business, and I think that certainly is helping us in this particular part of the cycle. Second point, I would make is that we very much restrict and essentially restrict many of our branches or smaller end of the business to get involved real smaller developers. We stay very much away from that, we run it on a national platforms. So, we feel we are well diversified and we run it through professional commercial real estate people, and that’s been our model for quite some time. We’ve also, as we said in previous calls, started ramping down our residential side of the real estate business, starting a number of quarters ago, condominiums almost two years ago, and real defentials [ph] probably closer to nine months ago. 
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Townsend, FBR. 
Gary Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company: Hi, good morning. How are you gentlemen? With respect to guidance, first of all, can… it seems, though you are expecting some acceleration in the second half, can you just discuss the drivers in the second half of the year? And whether there would be, in your estimate, any nonrecurring income? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Gary, this is Jeff Weeden. As we look at the second half of the year, I think we just… what we are looking at is a stability on the margin around mid 340 range. We are looking at controlled credit cost, I think with our guidance that we provided. We are seeing some asset growth. And I think in terms of the fee income side… and Tom Bunn can address the pipeline for investment banking. But I would also remind everybody that typically we have either in the third or the fourth quarter a securitization that we complete in our student lending area, and so, that adds to our fee income also. And historically, if you go back, we typically have stronger third and fourth quarters. But fourth quarter typically being the strongest and the first quarter typically being the weakest of our quarters on historic basis. So, that’s really a lot of the basis point every time. If Tom, can you comment on the new business? 
Thomas W. Bunn - Vice Chair: Sure. Clearly, we don’t have... first of all, on the condition of the markets for the next six months, but on the standpoint of what Jeff said, we tend to be seasonal our business with third, fourth being our strongest quarters. We are pleased with our first half performance, but we are optimistic about our pipeline and all that major areas including both M&A and capital market inclusive I think equity land fixed income of syndicate. So, we feel good about the second half, we expect again borrowing a capital markets issue we expect that to be strong half. 
Gary Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company: All right. Thank you. Could you also just briefly discuss what you are seeing in terms of migration analysis in your loan portfolios? 
Charles S. Hyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: This is Chuck Hyle. Yes, we have … I think probably like most banks have seen some migration in our portfolios I think clearly the home builders section is one area that we have been watching quite carefully and we have seen migration there. We don’t believe that and there will be any material loss that comes out of that, but we certainly have seen some migration. We don’t expect the residential side of real estate to improve much until well into 2008 and react accordingly. We have seen a little bit of migration here and there, but nothing a really, terribly dramatic across the rest of the portfolio. 
Gary Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company: All right. Thanks for your comments. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew O'Connor, UBS. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS: Good morning. Your commercial mortgage loans help us bail increase sharply versus last quarter. I was just wondering if you could give a little color in terms of the market conditions for those loans, and as there is any mark-to-market write-downs in the second quarter? 
Thomas W. Bunn - Vice Chair: This is Tom Bunn. The market is consistent spread have near [ph] which allows for more difficult… well, not more difficult a smaller gain in the securitization. Let me say for sale and overall we feel like that market will remain open. Our volume is very good. Our volume has better than it’s been… was better than we expected to be through the year better than last year. So, while spread had nearer we do feel good about volume, we do feel good about the market receptivity. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS: Okay. And then material mark-to-market write-downs this quarter from the narrowing the spreads? 
Thomas W. Bunn - Vice Chair: No. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS: Okay. And just separately your service charges grew nicely year-over-year. I am wondering if you give us some color in terms of will that be driven on the consumer side or commercial side. 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Consumer side. And it’s really driven by I think the success that if nearly bank had last year with their Nano campaign and the adding of accounts. So, we’ve been consistently adding checking accounts during the course of the past… basically nine to 12 months. So that just added to additional activity charges that are out there, and we renegotiate the contract with… on check processing and that also contributed to the increase in the fees. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS: Okay. And just lastly if I may. Your private equity gains obviously very strong and it sounds like pretty robust outlook there. Can you just give some thoughts in terms of what’s driving all that I mean I thought the portfolio is only $600 million or so, the upsize gains? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Portfolio I believe was closer to $900 million as what we have on the books and so. It’s a combination of both funds as well as mails and some direct investments. And we’ve had a couple of companies that have gone public and they have been very successful in that process. So, that’s what driving the profits. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mayo, Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning. 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: What changed with your guidance, I mean capital markets were strong, that’s not new, yet, seasonal strength in the second half of the year that’s not new. So, fundamentally, what you are feeling better about to raise expectations for the second half of the year? You mentioned principal investing is there and the securitization gains that was kind of known before, anything else in the back of your mind that you feel better about? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: I think in terms of… while we can talk in terms of a number of different things. We’ve covered a number of those at this point with respect to just better flow of activity coming from internet. I think in terms of the community bank, some of the strength they had in the quarter with respect to deposit service charges, I think just the fact that we’ve performed so much better in the second quarter, and we’ve had pretty much effective expense control. So, we will continue to watch our cost, so that we can get some positive operating leverage in the second half of the year. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: And what is about the service charges that are doing so much better? 
Thomas W. Bunn - Vice Chair: Well, Mike, I think we’ve had several years where deposit service charges have decreased. And part of it is that the community bank models taking hold and we are just getting more accounts that we are attracting to the Company, and with those accounts… account additional activity charges. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: And separately, your out of the merger penalty box, so what your thoughts about buying banks where, what size, merger vehicles et cetera? 
Henry L. Meyer III - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Mike, it’s Henry. I can just tell you, it’s nice to be out from underneath the strength that we’re there. We continue to look for add-on acquisitions in the markets, that we’re in that, hasn’t changed. It isn’t like we are at the starting line of an auto race and we got a green light, and we are just going to go spend money. We have been talking to banks. We have some particular focus on areas where we think we are under shared. And we will try and be opportunistic as the time goes here. The market still seems very rich on the seller side. So, we are going to proceed in the same discipline way we have in the past. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: And merger of equals? 
Henry L. Meyer III - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are never saying never to anything. But right now, we’ve got some momentum in our business model and we like to try to take advantage of those areas. We have 23 districts in the community bank, and the number of those areas are not optimal in terms of profit maximization for our shareholders and we are going to work on those areas first. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: And then also adjacent markets? 
Henry L. Meyer III - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Again, if the right opportunity is there and the right opportunity for our existing shareholders the benefit from that kind of an investment, we look at. It has been harder to do those kinds of investments than areas where we are already have a presence given the cost issues. So, we don’t prioritize it that way, but we would never say, never. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Mcevoy of Oppenheimer. 
Terry Mcevoy - Oppenheimer& Company: Good morning. Could you talk a little bit about asset quality trends within the equipment finance line of business? If I remember correctly that area drove much of the increase in Q1 in terms of non-performing assets. And then the second question within Key’s private equity unit last quarter, there was a real estate related investment also moved into non-performing status. Any update there, and any movement in the second quarter within that overall line of business? 
Charles S. Hyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Yes, this is Chuck Hyle. On the leasing side, we’ve seen over the last couple of months really a stabilization in that portfolio. The small ticket side is stabilizing and flatting and we think things have moved in the right direction there. And on the big ticket side, it’s been pretty much the same. So, I think the outlook for us is a bit better there than it was at the turn of the year. And as far as the real estate investment, we commented it on the first quarter. We have now control of that asset. We are running the marketing of those units, and our experience over the last month or so is actually better than our expectations a quarter ago. So, we are quite optimistic on that particular property. 
Terry Mcevoy - Oppenheimer& Company: And within the four major markets, could you talk about deposit trends, growth by region, pricing competition by region et cetera? 
Beth Mooney - Vice Chair: Yes, I would be love… to be glad to answer that question Terry, this is Beth Mooney. We are starting to see some good growth in our Western markets both in our commercial loan growth as well as our consumer loan growth. As we’ve talked in recent quarters, consumer loan growth specifically in the home equity product has been difficult to show growth given the level of pay offs in the market given the interest rate environment. But we have seen stability in our Western markets in both commercial, business banking, and consumer loan growth. And in the Great Lakes in our Northeastern market, we are seeing nice commercial and business banking loan growth but given those housing markets, we do not see the consumer loan growth rebounding there yet. As it relates to the deposit markets, we are seeing a linked quarter growth in our deposit offering and the pricing still remains incredibly competitive in Great Lakes in our Northeast market. And there is a much more rational pricing in the West, and as a result, we get some of our strongest growth with our current price offerings in our Western markets. 
Terry Mcevoy - Oppenheimer& Company: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Najarian, Merrill Lynch. 
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning everyone. My questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin [inaudible]. 
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Most of my questions have been answered as well. I just had a quick follow-up… a couple of quick follow-ups. On loss provisioning, would you anticipate provisioning to match charge-offs over the second half of the year? Will we see a relatively stable reserve to loan ratio or how should we look at loss provisioning? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Hi, this is Jeff Weeden. The expectation for the purposes of how you project that out would be that provisioning and charge-offs would approximate one and another. 
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And I apologize if I missed commentary during the discussion. Strengthen in non-interest barring deposits, I heard somewhere near 20% annualized growth on a linked quarter basis, could you tell me what’s driving that? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: A lot of that is coming from our commercial mortgage servicing area. We continue to add servicing as well as the escrow balances that are associated with that. 
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Pringle, Salespoint [ph] Research. 
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Thank you. You had mentioned that you expected a slight upward bias in credit in the second half. Could you give us an idea what areas you expect that in? And then I have a follow-up. 
Charles S. Hyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Yes, this is Chuck Hyle. I guess the portfolio that we are most focused on, as we said in the past, the residential real estate side of the business. We’ve seen some migration, and while we see perhaps some increase there, we don’t believe that the charge-off numbers will be materially increased from where they are today. And we are also watching the community bank and the business bank. I think that’s where we are in the cycle is that’s some of our companies may begin to feel a little bit to scratch and strain, but again, we haven’t seen a lot of migration in there, but we are keeping our eye on it. 
Unidentified Analyst: What leaves you to believe that the part of the CNI book will be under so much pressure? 
Charles S. Hyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: I am not sure, much pressure. It’s a bit of pressure and it also relatively point. And we have come off such benign time and we are at that point of the cycle, and things have been very good for a very long point in time. So, we expect maybe a little bit of uptick from the very good times we have been having over the last couple of years. 
Unidentified Analyst: Sure. And then, how are you all willing to disclosure condo exposure? 
Charles S. Hyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: We have not, but if you look in the Qs and the Ks, you will see the residential breakdown in there and it’s in that number. 
Unidentified Analyst: Sort of that 2 billion to 3 billion range. 
Charles S. Hyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: And it’s coming down quite well. 
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Mcdonald, Banc of America. 
John Mcdonald - Banc of America Securities: Hi guys. I had just a quick reminder, on your capital levels and buybacks. There is a lifting of the regulatory payments in your M&A interest, change anything with regard to the buyback strategy? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Well, we will continue, John, to manage our capital. So, that we have a flexibility to both look at organic growth M&A related activities as well as to continue to look at share repurchase. 
John Mcdonald - Banc of America Securities: And any change in terms of Denovos appetite either because of the things you are getting crowed or because you are having success in some of that initiatives, what’s kind of an update on just Denovos appetite? 
Beth Mooney - Vice Chair: Yes, John, this is Beth Mooney. We have done a limited number of Denovos this year, just a handful of those, a few consolidations and closers. We are in the process of the evaluating our Denovos strategies for the next two to three years. And I would see a selectively come up with a plan to build an incremental branches that we have not finalized those plans yet. 
John Mcdonald - Banc of America Securities: Did you see sub using the Denovos towards the new markets, Beth? 
Beth Mooney - Vice Chairman: No, John, I would not. Henry mentioned that we are sub-optimized in a number of our markets where we have high growth and no share. And I think we have ample opportunity to look at expansion and very attractive market where we have a presence. 
John Mcdonald - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Holton, Merrill Lynch. 
Michael Holton- Merrill Lynch: Hey. A couple of questions. First on kind of back half of the year commentary around fee income. I know it’s seasonally strong time for loan sales and securitization point. As you think about that year-over-year, should those… should that be up over last year’s back half? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: I haven’t given a lot of comparison there to look at compared to last year. I am really taking and looking at from this point forward. Last year we had other businesses that were part of the Company, that are no longer in there. 
Michael Holton- Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then you had mentioned the MasterCard just hold about 60% of what you hold. In your guidance for back half of the year, are you assuming any additional sales of MasterCard shares? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: No. 
Michael Holton- Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Konrad, KBW. 
David Konrad - KBW: Good morning. I guess another question on fee income in terms of trust. And the trust and wealth management business was up, up really strong this quarter. I think on a core basis maybe 5% on linked quarter and 10% year-over-year. Just wondering in your guidance if that type of growth rate was sustainable or what’s your outlook for the next two quarters in the trust side? 
Thomas W. Bunn - Vice Chair: This is Tom Bunn. Let me address the victory side of that and then let Beth talk about the retail side of that. We’ve been very pleased with the growth in victory from asset under management side. The acquisition of Austin Capital, some of areas that we build out have shown a very good growth as well as core diversified and other strategy. We’ve set that continue quite honestly. We think the performance of those strategies is above benchmark, and we will continue to track assets going forward. 
Beth Mooney - Vice Chairman: Yes, David, and then, the retail sector, we have two drivers of our growth. One, we are seeing growth in our core wealth management businesses, the individual particularly around asset management. But probably the biggest drivers for us is our platform investment program, Key Investment Services, which we really effectively started in the first quarter of 2006, and that business has been growing north to 20% on a linked quarter and more than that year-over-year. So, the big driver for us is the success with that platform program that we are offering through our branches. 
David Konrad - KBW: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Rogers, Conning Asset Management. 
Michael Rogers - Conning Asset Management: Yes, good morning. Looking at page 17 of your printout on commercial real estate loans. I noticed sure it’s come before, but I have asking anyhow. The Southeast residential properties portfolio is outsized relative to the rest. And I guess, please give me some background on, why this large, relatively large seemingly other footprint portfolio. And secondly is there any Atlanta and Florida exposure here where particularly in [inaudible] I guess things were particularly weak in terms of pricing conditions. And lastly, how much does the market in general in that region have to fall before you get concerned about having to take real losses? 
Thomas W. Bunn - Vice Chair: Let me just the first half of that from the standpoint of our strategy in real estate business. Tom Bunn. We have always view the real estate business… commercial real estate business a national business. And obviously, over the last five, ten years, the Southeast have been a very strong market. We are in those markets physically, and so, therefore, these are markets we live in, these are markets we have offices in; these are markets we participate in. That led us, as Chuck mentioned earlier, to begin to withdraw or reduce exposure in certain of those markets as much as two years ago. We noticed high condominium markets in Florida and some other regions, which resulted in us as Chuck said been more active in managing our condo exposure in those markets. So, we look at this business… we look at business as a very geographically and product diversified business. And so, we… and unlike as some of our businesses, which are franchised based, this tends to be national based and Southeast just part of a national approach. Chuck, do you want to talk about? 
Charles S. Hyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Yes, I think this really actively following [ph] on that, we have… you will see a trend line in the Southeast residential properties exposure coming down over the last number of quarters. And we expect that trend to continue. And again, a point I made earlier, we have tended to focus on larger entities in the real estate business not the small guys, and as a result, we think they generally have stay in power to get through any kind of tuff. There is still a lot of liquidity in the real estate business less than obviously in residential properties at the moment. But we have adjusted our portfolio strategy accordingly by deemphasizing certain businesses early, and emphasizing other parts of the real estate business that we think around the ascendancy. So, that’s how we tend to manage this business. 
Michael Rogers - Conning Asset Management: If I could ask how much do you think you will have to see in any given market, or in the general sense, market prices drop in general before you get more concerned about real charges-offs here? 
Charles S. Hyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Well that’s a really difficult question to answer. I mean there is so much of this is driven by micro markets and where you actually are. Lot of variables, of course we have watching very carefully certain markets in terms of the supply coming on and where market prices are going. We continue to feel that we have a good equilateral. We have been very conservative in our underwriting standards in terms of LTVs. And many cases we have the support of some quite large and strong sponsors. So, that give us a view that we are in pretty decent shape. 
Michael Rogers - Conning Asset Management: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Agah, Millennium Partners. 
Jim Agah- Millennium Partners: Hi, guys. I am sorry if you addressed this earlier. I wanted to ask about the big revenue pickup in equipment finance. Were they any residual gains in there? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: There was a gain on the sale of certain leases that’s the line items you saw in our income statement that related to gain on settle of loans and securitizations. So, that was the primary pickup there. 
Jim Agah- Millennium Partners: Okay. And then… that explains it. And then, the regional… just the consumer bank, I can’t pull slide up, the consumer bank profitability, the revenue is down a lot quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year. Was it… and I was trying to reconcile to see your fee income? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: I think what you have look at is if you go to the press release and look at… sorry do you know the press release? 
Jim Agah- Millennium Partners: Yes. 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: You will find in there that again last quarter included all the revenues associated with the gain on the sale of the McDonald branch network, and also the few revenues associated with it. So, looking at that, there is approximate $193 million worth of revenue that would have been associated with the first quarter activity related to McDonald and sale they are up. And if you go back to the prior year, there is also additional revenue I think is around $54 million associated with that. Again, we got a schedule this broken out on our first quarter press release as well as going back and looking at the impact on at least on net income in the second quarter of press release on that page two. 
Jim Agah- Millennium Partners: Okay. And then as you go forward, I know you guys mentioned there was some adjustments here on loan to core to deposit growth like it looks a little better than reported. The loan to deposit ratio is starting to look a little high. Do you look at that ratio at all as you targeted? Do you have sort of an outer range limit, which suggest that at some point, you have to get more core funded, you have to buy more regional banks? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think in terms of the loan to core deposit, and the loan to deposit ratio, it is the ratio that we continue to track and follow. It is actually showing dramatic improvement over the past five years. It used to be on a loan to deposit ratio. We were up in the mid 140 range. And so, it’s come down to 110%. So, we believe we have made a lot of progress on that, and I think with our forecasted projected both low to mid single digit growth and both loans and deposits for the duration of this year. We are very comfortable with that overall ratio to where we are today. 
Jim Agah- Millennium Partners: Perfect. Thanks guys. 
Operator: And we will take a follow-up from Brian [inaudible] Partners. 
Unidentified Analyst: Next time, good. Thank you. 
Operator: We will take a question from David Sprinkle, [inaudible] Research. 
Unidentified Analyst: Look, I am doing some wrong. What was your tax rate for the quarter FTE? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Our tax rate for the quarter on FTE basis was, I believe, is around 30.8%. 
Unidentified Analyst: And that was dealt little bit from the first quarter? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: It was. And it also is below our guidance that we provided. We are providing a tax rate of approximately 32% going forward. 
Unidentified Analyst: So, 32%, so a couple of percent higher. So, effectively you had the MasterCard gain higher securitizations and very nice quarter of principal investing and $42 million in litigation reserves? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: And we also had a charge that we put in for the provision for unfunded commitments going to a $6 million expense from the $8 million credit in the first quarter. 
Unidentified Analyst: What are the litigation reserves for? 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: Described those earlier. 
Unidentified Analyst: Sorry. 
Jeffrey B. Weeden - Chief Financial Officer: They dealt with a suite that was over in Hawaii and we made a full provision for it. 
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. 
Operator: And there are further no questions at this time, Mr. Meyer, I would like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks. 
Henry L. Meyer III - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, operator. Again, I would like to just thank you all for participating in the call. While there were some one-time issues in our second quarter, through it all we are experiencing some strong growth in the basic drivers our earnings, our deposit growth, our fee income, both on the investment side, the service charge side. So, that’s why the guidance of $50 to $60 for the second half of the year. And we feel comfortable with the positioning that KeyCorp presented this point and time.  With that, we are going to end the call, operator, again, thank you for your help and to all of you there stayed with us. Thank you. 
Operator: And this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.
